SOURCE HEADER | URL: https://archive.org/download/genesisofuniteds02brow/genesisofuniteds02brow_djvu.txt | Edition: Alexander Brown, The Genesis of the United States, 1890, vol. II (Molina letters 1613-14) | Fetched: 2026-09-14 (UTC) by worker B | Raw OCR/plain text, unedited
----

THE  LIBRARY 

OF 

THE  UNIVERSITY 

OF  CALIFORNIA 

LOS  ANGELES 


U^C^^yty^^^ 


^ES 


-1616,  WHICH 

MERICA    BY 

V    ENGLAND 

'  OCCUPIED 

miOUGH 

printcb 

TRACTS, 
,  AND 


"ES 


15-1616,  WHICH 
A3IERICA  BY 
;EN  ENGLAND 
OW  OCCUPIED 
H  THROUGH 

fir^t  printcti 

rEOUS  TRACTS, 
NOTES,  AND 


OBICAL  ASSOCIATION 


LANS 


»ANY 


// 


/ 


THE    GENESIS 

OF   THE 

UNITED  STATES 


A  NARRATIVE  OF  THE  MOVEMENT  IN  ENGLAND,  1605-1616,  WHICH 
RESULTED  IN  THE  PLANTATION  OF  NORTH  AMERICA  BY 
ENGLISHMEN,  DISCLOSING  THE  CONTEST  BET\yEEN  ENGLAND 
AND  SPAIN  FOR  THE  POSSESSION  OF  THE  SOIL  NOW  OCCUPIED 
BY  THE  UNITED  STATES  OF  AMERICA;   SET  FORTH  THROUGH 

311  M^cvk^  of  ]^iiSftorical  a^aim.scriptjai  note  firjsft  ptintcb 

TOGETHER  WITH  A  REISSUE  OF  RARE  C0NTEMP0RANT:0US  TRACTS, 
ACCOMPANIED  BY  BIBLIOGRAPHICAL  MEMORANDA,  NOTES,  AND 

^  23ricf  25iograpf)ic^ 

COLLECTED,    ARRANGED,    AND   EDITED  BY 

ALEXANDER  BROWN 

Member  op  the  Viegima  Historical  Societt  and  op  the  American  Histoeical  Association 
Fellow  op  the  Royal  Historical  Society  of  England 


WITH  100  PORTRAITS,   MAPS,  AND  PLANS 

IN  TWO  VOLUMES 
VOL.  IL 


BOSTON  AND  NEW  YORK 
HOUGHTON,  MIFFLIN   AND   COMPANY 


MDCCCXCI 


Copyright,  1890, 
Br  ALEXANDER   BROWN. 

All  rights  reserved. 


The  Riverside,  Press,  Cnmhrirlt;e,  l^lnss.,  U.  S.  A. 
EJectrotj-pcd  and  I'rinted  by  U.  0.  lioughton  &  Company. 


PERIOD   III.  (concluded.) 

FROM   THE   RETURN  OF  THE   FLEET  IN  NOVEMBER,  1609,  TO 
THE   RETURN   OF  ARGALL   IN   JULY,  1614. 

.  CLXXXV.   PHILIP  III.   TO   VELASCO. 

GENERAL  ARCHIVES  OF  SIMANCAS.    DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE, 

PARCEL  2641. 

Copy  of  two  extracts  from  a  letter  of  the  King  of  Spain  to 

Don  Alonso  de  Velasco,  dated  El  Pardo,  November  15, 

1611. 

"  For  Don  Alonso  de  Velasco. 

"  A  earavela  having  sailed  under  orders  from  the  Gov- 
ernor of  the  Havana  in  search  of  a  ship,  which  left  the  Port 
of  Cartagena  of  the  Indies  with  some  artillery,  which  there 
was  taken  out  of  a  galleon,  which  stranded  on  the  coast  of 
Buenos  Ayres  —  and  having  passed  along  the  coast  of  ^  la 
Florida '  on  this  errand  —  and  three  men,  in  good  faith, 
going  on  shore  from  the  same  earavela,  called  Diego  de 
Molino,  Marco  Antonio  Perez  and  Master  Antonio,  some 
Enghshmen  took  them  prisoners,  who  say  that  under  orders 
from  the  King  of  Great  Britain  they  have  made  a  settlement 
on  a  part  of  that  coast,  which  they  call  Virginia.  Of  which 
I  have  desired  to  have  you  informed  and  instructed,  as  I  do 
herewith  ;  that  you  will  inform  the  said  king  of  my  just 
resentment  at  this  imprisonment  of  these  men,  and  that  it 
will  be  best  to  give  orders  by  the  shortest  way  that  from 
there  may  be  accessible,  so  that  they  be  set  at  liberty,  Avith- 
out  any  further  injury  being  done  them,  in  order  that  they 
may  return  and  carry  out  the  commission  entrusted  to  them 
by  the  Governor  of  the  Havana.  You  will  report  to  me  at 
once  what  steps  you  have  taken  and  what  may  result  from 
them." 


279509 


526  PERIOD  III.     NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

CLXXXVI.     PHILIP   III.   TO  VELASCO. 

The  second  extract,  in  cipher,  deciphered. 

"  For  Don  Alonso  de  Velasco  :  —  In  another  letter  which 
is  sent  with  this  you  are  ordered  to  take  steps  with  that 
king  as  to  the  hberty  of  three  prisoners,  whom  Englishmen 
in  Virginia  have  captured;,  and  here  in  cipher,  and  for  your- 
self alone,  I  have  wished  to  inform  you  that  those  aforesaid 
prisoners  are  the  Alcayde  Don  Diego  do  Molino,  Ensign 
Marco  Antonio  Perez  and  Francisco  Lembri,  an  English 
pilot,  who  by  my  orders  went  to  reconnoitre  those  ports ; 
but  you  must  not  give  their  names  otherwise  than  you  were 
told  in  said  letter,  as  long  as  you  do  not  obtain  their  lib- 
erty, which  you  will  exert  yourself  to  the  utmost  to  secure, 
employing  all  your  skill  and  dexterity  to  prevent  that  king 
from  finding  out  the  purpose  for  which  those  three  men 
went  there,  and  you  will  promptly  report  to  me  what  may 
be  doing  [going  on]." 


CLXXXVII.    MORE  TO  WINWOOD. 
WIN  WOOD  MEMORIALS,  III.   PAGE  309. 

November  — ,  1611.  [Probably  about  the  20th,  as  it  was 
"  received  on  the  29th  of  November,  1611."] 

Extract  from  a  letter  of  John  Moore   in    London  to  Sir 

Ralph  Winwood  at  The  Haghe.  .  .  . 

"  There  are  some  fears  among  the  weaker  sort,  of  some 
foreign  attempts  on  Virginia  and  Ireland,  but  the  State  doth 
not  apprehend  it,  as  appears  by  Lord  Carew's  cashiering 
one  half  of  all  the  Irish  forces.  Neither  is  there  care  taken 
to  supply  Sir  Thomas  Dale  with  the  2000  men  whom  he 
demandeth.  Neither  is  it  likely  indeed  that  the  King  of 
Spain  will  break  so  profitable  a  peace  for  that  which  may 
cost  him  dear  the  getting,  and  much  dearer  the  keeping." 

This  has  been  printed  before  in  this  country  in  "  Collec- 
tions Mass.  Hist.  Soc."  ix.  fourth  series,  1871,  p.  6,  note. 


CHAMBERLAIN  TO  CARLETON.  527 


CLXXXVIII.   VELASCO  TO  PHILIP  III. 

GENERAL  ARCHIVES  OF  SIMANCAS.     DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE, 
VOLUME  2588,  FOLIO  94. 

Copy  of  an  original  letter  of  Don  Alonso  de  Velasco  to  the 
King  of  Spain,  dated  London,  December  14,  1611. 

Sire. 

"  On  the  15'^  [5th]  of  last  month  I  reported  to  Y.  M. 
what  I  had  heard  by  a  vessel  which  came  a  few  da3's  before 
from  Virginia,  touching  the  Caravela  that  went  there  and 
the  three  Spanish  sailors  that  were  left  there  on  shore,  as 
hostage  for  the  pilot,  whom  they  gave  them  so  that  he 
might  guide  them  to  the  mouth  of  the  river  (a  duplicate  of 
lohich  accompanies  tJiis  letter).  Having  received  your  let- 
ter of  November  15'^,  I  expressed  on  the  7*^  of  this  month 
[i.  e.,  November  28,  English],  to  the  Council  here  the  re- 
sentment which  Y.  M.  ordered  me  to  convey  for  the  reten- 
tion of  these  sailors,  and  Count  SaHsbury  replied  to  me, 
that  they  would  at  once  order  them  to  be  brought  here  and 
handed  over  to  me,  we  returning  likewise  their  pilot  to  them. 
Y.  M.  will  be  pleased  to  command  what  I  am  to  reply  to  this 
and  in  the  meantime  I  will  solicit  the  brinofins"  over  of  these 
men,  lest  they  should  perish  in  Virginia  with  the  necessities 
and  the  hard  work  to  which  those  who  are  there  are  sub- 
jected. 

"  May  our  Lord  preserve  the  Catholic  Person  of  Y.  M.  as 
all  Christendon  requires.     London,  Dec""  14.  1611. 

"  Don  Alonso  de  Velasco." 


CLXXXIX.  CHAMBERLAIN  TO   CARLETON. 

BIRCH'S  COURT  AND  TIMES  OF  JAMES  L     VOLUME  L    PAGES 

150,  152. 

Chamberlain  to  Carleton,  November  27,  1611. 

"  The  Spanish  ambassador  went  to  the  king  the  last 
week  at  Newmarket,  without  acquainting  any  of  the  Coun- 
cil, which  is  thought  somewhat  a  strange  course." 


528  PERIOD   III.     NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

December  4,  1611.  "  The  Earl  of  Southampton's  jour- 
ney into  Spain  is  laid  aside,  and  the  ceremony  of  condoling 
[on  the  death  of  the  Queen  of  Spain]  shall  be  left  to  the 
ambassador  resident  there,"  etc. 

"  The  Spanish  ambassador  was  sent  for  lately  before  the 
Council,  where  it  was  roundly  told  him  what  criminal 
wrongs  and  injustice  our  nation  was  still  offered  in  Spain, 
with  this  conclusion,  that  if  there  was  not  present  redress, 
the  king  was  fully  minded  to  recall  his  ambassador,"  etc. 

CXC.   LAWS  FOR  VIRGINIA. 

"  December  IS***  1611  entered,  at  Stationers  Hall,  for 
publication,  under  the  handes  of  Sir  Edward  Cecill,  knight. 
Articles,  Lawes  and  Orders,  dyvyne  pohtique  and  martiall 
for  the  Colonye  of  Virginia ;  first  established  by  Sir 
Thomas  Gates,  Knight  and  Leiftenant  Generall  the  2Jf^  of 
May  1610  ;  exemplified  and  approved  by  the  Right  Honor- 
able Lord  Governor  and  Captayne  General,  the  12^^' of  June 
1610;  agayne  exemplified  and  enlarged  by  Sir  Thomas 
Dale,  knight  and  Deputy  Governor  the  22"^^  of  June  1611^ 

These  laws  were  published  with  the  following  title- 
page : — 

"  For  /  The  Colony  in  Virginea  /  Britannia.  /  Lcaoes 
DivinCf  Morall  and  I  Martiall,  &c. 

Alget  qui  non  Ardet. 
Res  nostrce  suhinde  non  sunt,  quales  quis  ojJtaret, 
sed  quales  esse  j^ossunt. 

Printed  at  London  for  Walter  Burre.     1612." 

The  printed  book  was  probably  sent  to  Virginia  by  the 
John  and  Francis,  which  sailed  February  27,  1612,  or  by 
the  Treasurer,  July  23,  1612. 

These  laws  were  reprinted  by  Peter  Force  (vol.  iii.), 
Washington,  D.  C,  1844.  The  laws  in  this  reprint,  pp. 
9-28  (CII.),  were  sent  from  England  by  Gates  in  June, 
1609,  and  those,  pp.  28-62  (CLIX.),  were  sent  by  Dale  in 
March,  1611 ;  those  on  pp.  9-28  were  first  established  by 


LAWS  FOR  VIRGINIA.  529 

Sii'  Thomas  Gates  May  24,  1610,  and  the  rest  added  by 
Dale  June  22,  1611.  The  whole  body  is  said  to  have  been 
sent  back  to  England  by  William  Strachey,  who  arrived 
late  in  October  or  early  in  November.  They  were  probably 
revised  by  General  Cecil  before  he  entered  them  for  publi- 
cation on  December  13,  1611.  Gates,  Dale,  and  Cecil  had 
all  served  long  in  the  Low  Countries,  and  these  laws  were 
"  cheifely  extracted  out  of  the  Lawes  for  governing  the 
armye  in  the  Low  Contreyes."  They  seem  terrible  to  us 
now ;  but  really  they  were  not  much,  if  any,  more  severe 
than  the  Draconic  code,  which  then  obtained  in  England, 
in  which  nearly  three  hundred  crimes,  varying  from  mur- 
der to  keeping  company  with  a  gypsy,  were  punishable  with 
death. 

The  author  of  "  The  New  Life  of  Virginea "  [CCX.] 
says  :  "  Their  first  and  chiefest  care  was  shewed  in  settling 
Lawes  divine  and  morall,  for  the  honour  and  service  of 
God,  for  daily  frequenting  the  church,  the  house  of  prayer, 
at  the  tolling  of  the  bell,  for  preaching,  catechizing,  and  the 
religious  observation  of  the  Sabbath  day,  for  due  reverence 
to  the  Ministers  of  the  Word  and  to  all  superiours,  for  peace 
and  love  among  themselves,  and  enforcing  the  idle  to  paines 
and  honest  labours,  against  blasphemie,  contempt  and  dis- 
honour of  God,  against  breach  of  the  Sabbath  by  gaming  : 
and  otherwise  against  adulterie,  sacriledge  and  felonie  ;  and 
in  a  word,  against  all  wrongfull  dealing  amongst  them- 
selves, or  injurious  violence  against  the  Indians.  Good  are 
these  beginnings,  wherein  God  is  thus  before,  good  are 
these  lawes,  and  long  may  they  stand  in  their  due  execu- 
tion.^^ 

Other  authorities  of  the  period  approved  of  these  laws, 
and  assert  that  they  were  justified  by  the  circumstances, 
etc.,  but  in  the  bitter  dissensions  in  the  company  in  1622- 
1624,  Sir  Thomas  Smith  was  much  abused  for  having  intro- 
duced these  severe  laws,  and,  in  defending  himself  before 
the  Grievance  Committee  in  Parliament,  he  asserted  that 
"  Lord  De  la  Warre,  Sir  Thomas  Dale,  Sir  Thomas  Gates, 


530  PERIOD  III.    NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

and  Captain  Argall  all  saw  the  necessity  of  such  laws,  in 
some  cases  ad  terror  em,  and  in  some  to  be  truly  executed." 

On  the  7th  of  May,  1623,  the  Sandys  party  drew  up  many 
specific  charges  against  Sir  Thomas  Smythe  ;  among  them  : 
"  That  there  were  few  orders  and  lawes  made  in  Sir  T.  S. 
tyme  for  government  of  the  Company  and  Colony,"  to 
which  he  replied :  "  There  were  Icaoes  for  the  Company 
here,  And  none  for  the  Colony  since,  hut  were  made  then;" 
and,  "  That  Sir  T.  S.  sufPered  a  Book  of  lawes  for  Govern- 
ment of  the  Colony  cheifely  extracted  out  of  the  Lawes  for 
governing  the  armye  in  the  Low  Country es,"  to  Avhich  he 
repHed :  "  This  was  answered  before  the  Lords  arid 
allowed^ 

They  also  asserted,  "That  these  lawes  were  printed  at 
home,  and  with  great  Honour  dedicated  to  Sir  Thomas 
Smith,"  etc.  Smith  does  not  notice  this  charge,  and  Force's 
tract  (reprint)  was  not  dedicated  to  him.  I  have  never 
seen  an  oris'inal.  I  have  never  even  seen  one  advertised 
for  sale ;  but  there  is  one  in  the  John  Carter-Brown  Li- 
brary.    I  have  no  idea  what  an  original  would  be  worth. 

William  Strachey,  who  seems  to  have  been  the  editor, 
gives  a  poetical  dedication  "  To  The  Right  Honorable,  the 
Lords  of  the  Councell  of  Virginia,"  and  a  preface  in  prose, 
"  To  the  constant,  mighty,  and  worthie  friends,  the  Com- 
mitties,  Assistants  unto  his  Maiesties  Councell  for  the 
Colonic  in  Virginea-Britannia." 

This  severe  body  of  "  Lawes "  ends  very  appropriately 
with  a  very  long  "  Praier  "  of  nearly  3,000  words,  which 
was  to  be  "  duly  said  Morning  and  Evening  upon  the  Court 
of  Guard,  either  by  the  Captaine  of  the  watch  himselfe,  or 
by  some  one  of  his  principall  officers." 

CXCI.     DIGBY  TO  SALISBURY. 

December  13,  1611.     Madrid.     Digby  to  Salisbury. 
"  The  Advertisement  I  gave  your  Lordship  concerning 
the   Englishman  that  was  brought  from  Virginia  to  the 


ROBERT  HEATH 

Chit't  Just  ire 


VELASCO  TO  PHILIP  III.  531 

Havana  is  true,  and  I  have  spoken  with  another  English- 
man that  sawe  him  and  spake  with  him  there.  And  the 
man  is  himself  kept  prisoner  in  one  of  the  Gallions  at 
Lisbone.  I  humblie  beseech  yonr  Lordship,  that  I  may 
receave  directions  in  what  manner  I  shall  behave  myself 
herein  :  for  that  I  beleeve  this  accident  of  demaundinjre 
his  hbertie,  will  sett  the  mayne  question  on  foote."  ^ 

CXCIL     VELASCO  TO   PHILIP  III. 

GENERAL  ARCHIVES  OF  SIMANCAS.    DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE, 

VOLUME  S5SS,  FOLIO  99. 

Copy  of  an  original  letter  of  Don  Alonso  de  Velasco  to  the 
King  of  Spain,  dated  London,  December  24,  1611. 

"Sire  — 
"  Having  represented  to  the  Council  here  the  just  resent- 
ment which  Y.  M.  felt  on  account  of  the  3  seamen,  whom 
Englishmen  had  detained  in  Virginia,  the  Earl  of  Salisbury 
replied  that  orders  would  be  issued  to  bring  them  quickly 
here  and  to  hand  them  over  to  me,  if  we  would  return  to 
them  the  pilot  who  guided  the  ship  that  left  them  on  shore, 
as  I  reported  to  Y.  M.  on  the  15'^  inst.  Now  the  king  has 
sent  me  word  through  the  said  Count  that  with  the  first 
ship  that  should  sail  for  Virginia,  he  would  send  orders  to 
the  Governor  to  put  them  on  Spanish  soil  and  leave  them 
entirely  free  —  if  in  like  manner  I  should  use  my  good 
offices  with  Y.  M.  that  you  should  be  pleased  to  order  the 
liberation  of  the  subjects  of  this  crown,  who  may  be  de- 
tained on  the  galleys  and  in  prisons  as  pirates  or  for  other 
crimes.  That  with  such  an  understanding,  the  King  would 
write  to  Y.  M.,  moved  by  the  prayers  and  petitions,  which 
daily  reach  him  from  their  wives  and  kinsmen.  In  case  he 
should  write  this  special  letter,  Y.  M.  will  be  pleased  to  give 
orders  to  inquire  into  the  expediency  of  granting  him  this 
favor,  since  there  may  other  opportunities  present  tliem- 

^  I.  e.,  the  question  of  the  right  of  England  to  form  settlement  in  territory 
claimed  by  Spain. 


532  PERIOD   III.    NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

selves  here,  to  return  such  courtesy  and  to  resort  to  such 
pleasant  interchange  of  kindness. 

"  Our  Lord  preserve  Y.  M.  in  His  CathoHc  Person  as  the 
Church  needs  it. 

"  London.  December  24.  1611. 

"  Don  Alonso  de  Velasco." 

[Mem.  —  I  do  not  know  when  Harley  and  Hobson 
returned  from  their  voyage  to  New  England,  but  they 
"  brought  away  the  Salvadges  from  the  river  of  Canada," 
which  were  "showed  in  London  for  a  wonder"  in  the 
spring  of  1612.] 

CXCIII.     CHAMBERLAIN  TO  CARLETON. 

Chamberlain  to  Carleton,  London,  December  18,  1611. 

..."  Newport  the  Admirall  of  Virginia  is  newly  come 
home,  and  brings  word  of  the  arrival  there  of  Sir  Thomas 
Gates  and  his  Companie ;  but  his  Lady  died  by  the  way  in 
some  part  of  the  West  Indies,  he  hath  sent  his  daughters 
back  againe,  which  I  doubt  is  a  peece  of  a  prognostication 
that  himself  meanes  not  to  tarry  long  after. 

"  The  Lord  Treasurer  [Cecil]  is  well  recovered.  All 
business  betwixt  the  king  and  him  in  his  absence  pass  by 
the  Earl  of  Pembroke,  who  is  communis  terminus  between 
them." 

[Mem.  —  "In  last  December,  Captaine  Newport  in  the 
Starre  and  since  that  [prior  to  May,  1612]  five  other  shippes 
are  arived  heere  from  the  Colonic,"  etc.,  CCX.] 

CXCIV.  DALE  TO  THE  COUNCIL. 

Strachey  (CCXVII.)  gives  the  following  extract  from 
one  of  Dale's  letters.  When  this  letter  was  written  or 
received  in  England  I  do  not  know. 

"  It  would   easihe   raise  a  well-stayed   Judgement   into 


BIARD   TO   THE   PROVINCIAL.  533 

wonder  (as  Sir  Thomas  Dale  liath  writt  sometimes  uiito  his 
Majesty's  Counsell  here  for  Virginia)  to  behold  the  goodly 
vines  burthening  every  neighbour  bush,  and  clymbing  the 
toppes  of  highest  trees,  and  those  full  of  clusters  of  the 
grapes  in  their  kind,  however  dreeped  and  shadowed  soever 
from  the  sun,  and  though  never  pruned  or  manured  "  \_i.  e., 
cultivated]. 

CXCV.     PHILIP   III.   TO  VELASCO. 

GENERAL  ARCHIVES  OF  SIMANCAS.    DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE, 
VOLUME  2571,   FOLIO  302. 

Copy  of  an  extract  from  a  rough  draft  of  a  letter  of  His 
Majesty  to  Don  Alonso  de  Velasco,  dated  Madrid,  Jan- 
uary 6,  1612. 
"  I  shall  order  the.  Virginia  Pilot,  who  is  in  the  Havannah 

to  be  brought  here,  so  that  he  may  be  surrendered  when 

they  hand  over  to  us  the  three  Spanish  sailors,  who  were 

kept  in  Virginia."  .  .  . 


CXCVL     BIARD  TO  THE  PROVINCIAL. 

January  21.  Letter  wi'itten  by  Father  Pierre  Biard  to 
the  Right  Rev.  Provincial  at  Paris.  (Copied  from  the  auto- 
graph preserved  in  the  Archives  of  Jesus  at  Rome.)  Port 
Royal,  January  31,  1612. 

..."  I  have  made  two  voyages  with  M.  de  Biancourt, 
one  lasting  nearly  twelve  days,  the  other  of  a  month  and  a 
half,  and  we  have  examined  the  whole  coast  from  Port  Royal 
as  far  as  Kinibequi,  West-South-West.  We  have  sailed  up 
the  large  rivers  St.  John,  the  Holy  Cross  (Saincte  Croix), 
Pentegoet  and  the  above  mentioned  Kinibequi.  [Kennebec 
or  Sagadahock.]  We  have  visited  the  French,  who  have 
wintered  here  this  year,  in  two  divisions,  on  the  River  St. 
Jean  and  that  of  Sainte  Croix ;  the  Malouins  in  the  river 
St.  Jean,  and  Captain  Plastrier  at  Sainte  Croix.   .   .  . 

"  Two  main  causes  induced  M.  de  Biancourt  to  do  this ; 
the  first  to  obtain  news  about  the  English  and  to  know  if  it 


534  PERIOD   III.    NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

would  be  possible  to  get  the  better  of  them ;  the  second 
to  exchange  '  Armonchiquoys '  wheat  so  as  to  preserve  us 
during  the  winter,  and  keep  us  from  dying  of  hunger,  in  case 
we  should  receive  no  aid  from  France.  In  order  to  under- 
stand the  first  motive,  it  ought  to  be  known  that  shortly 
before,  Captain  Platrier  of  Honfleur,  before  mentioned, 
wishing  to  go  to  Kinibequi,  was  taken  prisoner  by  two 
English  vessels,  that  were  near  an  island,  called  Emmetenic, 
8  leagues  from  aforesad  Kennebec.  He  was  released  by 
means  of  some  presents,  (this  was  the  way  they  mildly  called 
it),  and  the  promise  he  gave  to  comply  with  the  prohibi- 
tions imposed  upon  him,  not  to  trade  along  that  whole 
coast.  For  the  English  claim  to  be  masters  here,  and  in 
support  of  this  they  exhibit  Patents  of  their  King,  which  we, 
however,  believe  to  be  false.  Now  M.  de  Biancourt,  hav- 
ing heard  all  this  from  the  lips  of  Captain  Patrier  himself, 
represented  very  earnestly  to  these  people,  how  important  it 
was  to  him,  an  officer  of  the  Crown  and  a  lieutenant  of  his 
father,  how  important  also  to  every  good  Frenchman,  to  go 
and  prevent  this  usurpation  of  the  English,  which  was  so 
very  contrary  to  the  rights  and  possessions  of  his  Majesty. 

"  For,  said  he,  it  is  well  known  to  all  men  (not  to  speak 
of  higher  views  of  the  matter)  that  the  great  Henry,  whom 
God  may  save  in  His  mercy,  according  to  rights  acquired 
by  him  and  his  predecessors,  bestowed  upon  M.  des  Monts, 
in  the  year  1604,  all  this  country  from  the  40'''  degree  of 
latitude  to  the  46*^^.  Since  this  grant  the  aforesaid  Seign- 
eur des  Monts,  in  his  own  person  and  through  M.  de 
Potrincourt,  my  most  honored  Father,  his  lieutenant,  and 
thro'  others,  has  often  taken  real  possession  of  the  whole 
country  and  this  three  and  four  years  before  ever  the  Eng- 
lish had  set  forth,  or  any  one  had  ever  heard  anything  of 
this  claim  of  theirs.  These  and  several  other  things  the 
aforesaid  Sieur  de  Biancourt  found  out  and  made  known, 
thus  encouraging  his  people. 

"  I,  for  my  part,  had  two  other  motives  which  urged  me 
to  this  same  voyage  :   one,   to  accompany,  as  a  spiritual 


BIARD   TO   THE   PROVINCIAL.  535 

assistant  the  aforesaid  Sieur  de  Biancourt,  and  his  people, 
the  other,  to  find  out  and  to  see  myself  the  disposition  of 
these  nations  to  accept  the  Holy  Gospel.  These,  then,  were 
the  motives  of  our  voyage. 

"  We  arrived  at  Kennebec,  80  leagues  from  Port  Royal, 
on  the  28*''  October,  the  day  of  St.  Simon  and  St.  Jude,  of 
the  same  year  1611.  Immediately,  our  men  went  on  shore, 
desirous  to  see  the  fort  of  the  English ;  [see  LVIII.]  for 
we  had  heard,  on  the  way,  that  there  was  no  one  there. 
Now,  as  at  first  everything  looks  fine,  they  went  to  work 
praising  and  boasting  of  this  enterprise  of  the  English  and 
to  enumerate  the  advantages  of  the  place ;  everybody 
praised  in  it  what  he  valued  most.  But  a  few  days  later 
they  changed  their  views ;  for  there  was  seen  a  fair  chance 
of  raising  a  counter-fort,  Avliich  would  have  imprisoned 
them  and  cut  them  off  from  the  river  and  the  sea ;  item, 
that  even  if  they  had  been  left  there,  they  would  neverthe- 
less not  have  enjoyed  the  commodities  of  the  river,  since  it 
had  several  other  and  finer  estuaries,  at  some  distance  from 
there.  .  .  . 

"  But,  since  I  here  have  made  mention  of  the  English, 
some  one  may  perchance  wish  to  hear  of  their  adventures, 
which  we  were  told  here.  It  is,  therefore,  thus,  that  in  the 
year  1608  the  Enghsh,  began  to  settle  down  at  one  of  the 
mouths  of  this  river  Kennebec ;  as  has  been  said  before. 
They  had  then  as  their  head  a  very  honest  man,  who  got 
along  remarkably  well  with  the  natives  of  the  country. 
They  say,  however,  that  the  Armonche-quois  were  afraid  of 
such  neighbors,  and  on  that  account  murdered  this  Captain, 
of  Avhom  I  have  spoken.  These  people  are  accustomed  to 
this  business,  to  kill  people  by  Magic.  Now,  in  the  second 
year,  1609,  the  English,  under  another  Captain,  changed 
their  policy.  They  repelled  the  natives  most  dishonorably, 
they  beat  them,  and  committed  excesses  of  every  kind,  with- 
out much  restraint ;  hence,  these  poor,  ill  treated  people, 
impatient  with  the  present,  and  fearing  more  from  the 
future,  resolved,  as  the  saying  is,  to  kill  the  whelp  before 


536  PERIOD  III.    NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

he  should  have  more  powerful  claws  and  teeth.  The  op- 
portunity offered  one  day,  when  three  sloops  had  gone  to  a 
distant  place,  in  order  to  fish.  My  conspirators  followed 
them  upon  their  track,  and  drawing  near  with  many  signs 
of  friendship  (for  thus  they  always  are  most  friendly  when 
they  are  nearest  to  treachery)  they  entered  and,  at  a  given 
signal,  each  chose  his  man  and  killed  him  with  his  big  knife. 
Thus  perished  eleven  EngHshmen.  The  others,  intimidated, 
abandoned  their  enterprise  that  same  year,  and  have  not 
continued  it  since,  being  content  to  come  in  the  summer  to 
fish  near  this  island  of  Emetenic,  which,  as  we  mentioned 
before,  was  8  leagues  fi-om  the  fort  they  had  begun. 

"  On  this  account,  therefore,  the  outrage  committed  in 
the  person  of  Captain  Platrier  by  said  Englishmen,  having 
been  perpetrated  on  this  island  of  Emetenic,  M.  de  Bian- 
court  considered  the  expediency  of  going  to  reconnoitre  it 
and  to  leave  there  some  token  of  having  re-claimed  it.  This 
he  did  by  erecting  in  the  harbour  a  very  fine  Cross,  with 
the  arms  of  France.  Some  of  his  people  suggested  to  him 
to  burn  the  sloops  which  he  found  there,  but  as  he  is  gen- 
tle and  humane,  he  would  not  do  it,  considering  that  they 
were  not  men-of-war  but  fishing  vessels. 

"^  From  there  since  the  season  pressed  us,  for  it  was  al- 
ready November  6*^  we  made  sail  to  return  to  Port-Royal. 
Stopping  at  Pentegoet,  as  we  had  promised  the  Sav- 
ages. .  .  . 

"  From  Port-Royal  the  last  of  January  1612. 

"Pierre  Biard." 


CXCVII.     DIGBY  TO   SALISBURY. 

February  2,  1612.  Madrid.  Sir  John  Digby  to  Sahs- 
bury. 

..."  Departure  of  800  men  out  of  Portugal  and  the 
transporting  of  3200  more  so  that  the  whole  number  of 
men  to  be  sent  is  4000.  All  which  though  I  conceive  are 
to  be  carried  into  Flanders,  yet  I  am  advertized  from  one 


PHILIP  III.   TO   VELASCO.  537 

that  I  appointed  to  be  amongst  them,  that  divers  of  the 
Masters  of  the  Ships  are  discontented,  and  that  they  suspect 
they  shall  be  forced  to  a  far  longer  journey.  The  which  if 
it  be  so,  I  can  only  suspect  some  enterprize  of  thehs  ao-ainst 
Virginia,  the  which  I  do  not  think  Hkely,  but  in  regard 
that  divers  write  unto  me,  though  uncertainly,  that  there  is 
something  now  in  hand  against  it,  I  omit  not  to  advertise  it 
unto  your  Lordship."  ♦ 


CXCVIII.     CHAMBERLAIN  TO  CARLETON. 

Chamberlain  to  Carleton,  London,  February  12,  1612. 

..."  We  heard  yesterday  of  nine  ships,  wdth  1500 
Spaniards,  come  into  the  Downs,  and  going  into  the  Low 
Countries  to  reinforce  their  garrisons.  The  Spanish  am- 
bassador's sister  and  daughter-in-law,  whom  you  met  upon 
Barham  Downs,  went  away  the  last  week  towards  Brussels, 
without  taking  leave,  or  bidding  the  Queen  Farewell.  .  .  . 
There  is  a  lotterie  in  hand  for  the  furthering  of  the  Vir- 
ginia Voiage,  and  an  under-companie  erecting  for  the  trade 
of  the  Bermudes,  which  have  chaunged  theyre  name  twise 
within  this  moneth,  beeing  first  christned  Virginiola  as  a 
member  of  that  plantation,  but  now  lastly  resolved  to  be 
called  Sommer  Hand  as  well  in  respect  of  the  continuall 
temporal  ayre,  as  in  remembrance  of  Sir  George  Somraers 
that  died  there."  ... 


CXCIX.     PHILIP  HI.   TO  VELASCO. 

GENERAL  ARCHIVES  OF  SIMANCAS.     DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE, 
VOLUME  2571,   FOLIO  S09. 

Copy  of  an  extract  from  a  deciphered  letter  of  His  Majesty 
to  Don  Alonso  de  Velasco,  dated  Madrid,  February  25, 
1612. 
"  What  you  report  on  the  subject  of  Virginia  has  been 

received;  also  what  you  say  of  the  people  they  send  out 


538  PERIOD   III.     NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

there,  the  merchandise  for  which  this  crowd  of  men  hastens 
thither  (as  you  state)  —  and  I  shall  be  pleased  if  you  will 
most  carefully  try  to  find  out  whatever  else  may  appear  on 
that  subject,  and  to  report  to  me  the  day  on  which  the 
ships  will  sail  —  on  board  which  those  aforesaid  people  will 
sail  —  and  whatever  else  they  carry  and  whether  in  any 
suitable  way  some  trustworthy  person  [see  CLXIX.]  might 
be  put  among  them.  This  AW)uld  be  very  important  and 
therefore  I  order  you  to  arrange  it  so,  since  this  seems  to 
be  the  best  way  to  ascertain  the  nature  of  that  enterprise 
—  this  said  person  coidd  then  return  in  the  ships  which 
may  come  back  from  Vu'ginia  to  England  —  also  the  ex- 
change of  prisoners  who  are  still  there  is  to  be  carried  out 
as  you  have  been  ordered." 

[Mem.  —  February  24,  1612,  Master  Welby  entered  at 
Stationers'  Hall  for  pubHcation  "  under  the  handes  of  Sir 
Thomas  Smithe  and  Mr.  Lownes,  warden.  A  booke  or 
thinge  called  the  Publicacon  of  the  Lottery  for  Virginia." 

No  copy  of  this  publication  is  now  known  to  be  in  exist- 
ence. CXCVIII.  mentions  that  the  "  lottery  was  in  hand," 
and  the  charter  (already  granted)  which  passed  the  seals 
March  12,  1612,  authorizes  these  lottery  pubHcations.] 


CC.   LETTER   TO   THE   GOVERNOR   AND   COMPANY   OF 
VIRGINIA,  FEBRUARY,  1612. 

"  A  Letter  to  the  Governor  and  Company  for  Virginia 
affairs  to  suffer  Daniell  Tucker  who  hath  ben  a  personall 
adventurer  ever  since  the  first  plantation  there  to  pass  by 
the  next  Shipp  that  shall  come  for  England. 

"  Subscr.  and  procur.  by  Mr.  May." 

The  letter  referred  to  in  this  minute  is  now  missing  ;  it 
was  probably  sent  to  Virginia  by  the  John  and  Francis, 
which  sailed  February  27,  1612. 


FROM  THE  TRINITY  HOUSE   RECORDS.  539 

CCI.   DIGBY  TO  SALISBURY. 

March  9,  1612.     Madrid.     Digby  to  Salisbury. 

"  My  L**.  I  am  not  hasty  to  advertise  anything  upon 
bare  rumors,  which  hath  made  me  hitherto  to  forbeare  to 
write  what  I  had  generally  heard,  of  their  intents  against 
Virginia,  but  now  I  have  been  from  good  P.*®  advertised 
that  without  question  they  will  speedily  attempt  against  our 
plantation  there.  And  that  it  is  a  thing  resolved  of,  that 
ye  King  of  Spaine  must  runne  any  hazard  with  England 
rather  than  permitt  ye  English  to  settle  there :  for  upon 
Late  consultation,  I  assure  your  Lordship  they  apprehend 
it  to  be  of  much  more  danger  to  their  West  Indies  than  I 
conceave  it.  especially  for  ther  returne  of  ye  West  Indian 
Fleete,  &  therupon  (as  I  am  informed)  have  determined, 
that  since  ye  buisines  of  itselfe  hath  not  fallen  as  they 
expected,  they  must  with  speed  prevent  ye  further  growing 
of  it.  Whatsoever  is  attempted,  I  conceive  will  be  from  ye 
Havana,  where  ye  rendevous  shall  be  of  all  those  provisions 
&  shipps,  which  for  that  effect  goe  from  ye  severall  ports 
of  Spaine.  In  Sevil  they  prepare  shipping,  but  that  is 
as  your  Lordship  knoweth,  under  color  of  ye  West  Indian 
Fleete.  In  Portugal  likewise  there  is  order  for  ye  making 
ready  speedily  of  two  Gallions.  At  ye  Passo  by  St.  Sebas- 
tians in  all  hast  they  make  ready  foure.  And  there  are  two 
shipps  built  by  ye  Marchants  of  foure  or  five  hundred  tun 
a  peece  which  I  heare  ye  King  will  Hkewise  buye.  As  I 
shall  herein  come  to  ye  knowledge  of  more  particulars  your 
Lordship  shall  receeve  advertisement." 

ecu.    EXTRACT  FROM  THE  TRINITY   HOUSE    RECORDS. 

"March  IV"  1611  [0.  S.].  Letter  from  Sir  Thomas 
Smyth  to  The  Trinity  House,  asking  for  payment  of  the 
second  of  the  three  years'  subscription  to  the  Virginia 
Adventure."     Extract. 


540  PERIOD   III.     NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

"March — ,1611  [0.  S.].  A  bill  of  adventure  issued 
to  The  Trinity  House.  Agreement  that  The  Trinity  House 
shall  have  rateably  according  to  their  adventure  for  Vir- 
ginia their  full  part  of  all  such  lands  as  shall  be  recovered, 
planted  and  inhabited,  and  of  such  mines  and  minerals  of 
gold  and  silver,  and  other  metals  or  treasure,  pearls,  pre- 
cious stones  or  other  kind  of  wares  which  shall  be  obtained 
or  gotten  in  the  said  voyage." 

[Mem.  —  Chamberlain  to  Carleton,  March  11,  1612. 
,  .  .  "There  is  a  Httle  Treatise  of  the  North-West  Pas- 
sage, written  by  Sir  Dudley  Digges.  .  .  .  Some  of  his  good 
friends  say  he  had  better  have  given  five  hundred  pounds 
than  published  such  a  pamphlet.  But  he  is  wonderfully 
possessed  with  the  opinion  and  hopes  of  that  passage." 

The  title  of  Dio:2:es'  tract  I  believe  was  "  A  Discourse 
concernina-  the  circumference  of  the  earth,  or  a  North- West 
passage.     1612."] 

CCIII.   THE   THIRD  CHARTER.^ 

"  A  third  charter  of  King  James  to  the  Treasurer  and 
Company  for  Virginia." 

Article  I.   [Recital  of  former  charters.] 
II.  [Former  boundaries  recited.] 

"  III.  Now,  forasmuch  as  we  are  given  to  understand, 
that  in  those  seas,  adioininof  to  the  said  coast  of 

Preamble  __.       .    .  i       •  i  i  pi 

Virgmia,  and  "v^^thout  the  compass  ot  those  two 
hundred  miles,  by  us  so  granted  unto  the  said  Treasurer 
and  Company,  as  aforesaid,  and  yet  not  far  distant  from  the 
said  colony  in  Virginia,  there  are,  or  may  be,  divers  islands, 
lying  desolate  and  uninhabited,  some  of  which  are  already 
made  known  and  discovered,  by  the  industry,  travel,  and 
expences  of  the  said  company,  and  others  also  are  supposed 
to  be  and  remain,  as  yet,  unknown  and  undiscovered,  all 

^  This  document  was  drawn  np,  I  first  published  by  the  Rev.  William 
suppose,  by  Sir  Edwin  Sandys  ;  it  was     Stith  in  1747.    (See  Preface,  vii.) 


PHILIP  HERBERT 
First  Earl  of  Monlffnim-rY 


/ 


THE   THIRD   CHARTER.  541 

and  every  of  which  it  may  import  the  said  colony,  both  in 
safety  and  pohcy  of  trade,  to  populate  and  plant,  in  regard 
whereof,  as  well  for  the  preventing  of  peril,  as  for  the  bet- 
ter commodity  and  prosperity  of  the  said  colony,  they  have 
been  humble  ^  suitors  unto  us,  that  we  would  be  pleased  to 
grant  unto  them  an  enlargement  of  our  said  former  letters 
patents,  as  well  for  a  more  ample  extent  of  their  limitts  and 
territories  into  the  seas,  adjoining  to  and  upon  the  coast  of 
Virginia,  as  also  for  some  other  matters  and  articles,  con- 
cerning the  better  government  of  the  said  Company  and 
Colony,  in  which  point  our  said  former  letters  patents  do 
not  extend  so  far,  as  time  and  experience  hath  found  to  be 
needful  and  convenient :  —  " 

IV.  [Extension  of  boundaries,  so  as  to  include  all  the 
islands  lying  within  three  hundred  leagues  of  the  continent, 
"and  being  within  or  between  the  one  and  fortieth  and 
thirtieth  degrees  of  northerly  latitude,"  and  "provided 
always,  that  the  said  Islands  &c,  be  not  actually  possessed 
or  inhabited  by  any  other  Christian  Prince  or  estate,  nor  be 
within  the  bounds,  limits,  or  territories  of  the  Northern 
Colony  heretofore  by  us  granted  to  be  planted  by  divers  of 
our  loving  subjects,  in  the  north  parts  of  Virginia  "  etc.] 

"  V.  And  further,  our  will  and  pleasure  is,  and  we  do, 
by   these  presents,   grant   and    confirm,   for  the 
good  and  weKare  of  the  said  plantation,  and  that   adventurers 
posterity  may  hereafter  know  who  have  adven- 
tured and  not  heen  sparing  of  their  purses  in  such  a  noble 
and  generous  action  for  the  general  good  of  their  country, 
and  at  the  request,  and  with  the  consent,  of  the  Company 
aforesaid,  that  our  trusty  and  well  beloved  subjects, 

^  George  [Abbot]  Lord  Archbishop  of  Canterbury 

^  I  have  not  found  this  petition.    It  must  have  been  considerable  delay  in 

was  presented  to  the  king  some  time  obtaining  the  additional   adventurers, 

in  the  year    1611,    I    suppose.      The  whose  names  were  to  be  inserted  be- 

charter   had    certainly   been    granted  fore  it  was  signed  and  sealed  by  the 

before  February  12,  1612,  and  possi-  king.     See  CLXXIV. 

bly  a  considerable  time  before,  as  the  ^  A  complete  list   of   these    names 

outlook  was  not  promising,  and  there  has  never  been  published.     Stith  only 


542  PERIOD  III.    NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

Gilbert  [Talbot]  Earle  of  Slirewsbury, 

Mary  [Cavendish-Talbot]  Countesse  of  Shrewsbury, 

Elizabeth  [Vere-Stanley]  Countesse  of  Derby, 

Margarette  [Russell-Clifford]  Countesse  of  Cumberland, 

Henry  [Hastings]  Earle  of  Huntingdon, 

Edward  [Russell]  Earle  of  Bedford, 

Lucy  [Harrington-Russell]  Countesse  of  Bedford, 

Mary  [Sidney]  Countesse  of  Pembroke, 

Richard  [Bourke]  Earl  of  Clanricard, 

Lady  Elizabeth  Graie, 

William  [Cecil]  Lord  Viscount  Cranborne, 

William  [James]  Lord  Byshopp  of  Duresme, 

Henry  [Parry]  Lord  Byshopp  of  Worseter, 

John  [Bridges]  Lord  Bishop  of  Oxenford, 

William  Lord  Pagett, 

Dudley  Lord  North, 

Francis  Lord  Norreis, 

William  Lord  Knollys, 

John  Lord  Harrington, 

Robert  Lord  Spencer, 

Edward  Lord  Denny, 

William  Lord  Cavendishe, 

James  Lord  Hay, 

Elian  or  Lady  Carre, 

Maistres  Elizabeth  Scott,  widdow, 

Edward  Sackvill  Esqre. 

Sir  Henry  Nevill  of  Abergavenny,  Knight, 

gives   "  George,   Lord   Archbishop  of  ter,  while  three  fourths  of  these  belong 

Canterbury,  Henry,  Earl  of  Hunting-  to  the  gentry  ;  but  the  gentry  did  not 

ton,  Edward,  Earl  of  Bedford,  Rich-  pay  their  subscriptions  so  well  as  the 

ard,  Earl  of  Clanrickard,"  etc.  merchants.     Of    the    names    in    this 

Tliis  charter  contains  the  names  of  charter  about   125  paid  £37    10s.  or 

six  corporations  and  325  persons,  of  more,  about  83   paid   less  than    £37 

whom  about  25  were  in  the  peerage,  10.,    and    about    117     paid    nothing. 

Ill    knights,    10    doctors,    ministers.  About  120  of  them   served  at   some 

etc.,  66  esquires,  30  gentlemen,   and  time  in  the  House  of   Commons  ;  of 

83  citizens  and  others  not  classified,  these  about  60  were  members  of  the 

but    mostly   merchants.     The    trades,  first  Parliament  of  King  James  I. 
etc.,  predominated  in  the  second  char- 


THE  THIRD  CHARTER.  543 


Sir  Robert  Riche, 

Knight, 

"  John  Harrington, 

(( 

"  Raphe  Winwood, 

a 

"  John  Graie 

ti 

"  Henry  Riche 

iC 

"  Henry  Wotten 

<c 

Peregrine  Berty  Esqre, 

Sir  Edward  PhelHpps,  Master  of  the  Rolls, 

"  Moile  ffinch 

Knight, 

"  Thomas  Mansell 

a 

"  John  St  John 

u 

"  Richard  Spenser 

tc 

"  ffrancis   Barrington 

it 

"  George  Carie  of  Devonshire,  Knight, 

"  William  Twisden 

Knight, 

*'  John  Leveson 

i( 

"  Thomas  Walsingham 

a 

"  Edward  Carre 

ie 

^'  Arthur  Manwareing 

(( 

"  Thomas  Jermyn 

(( 

*'  Valentine  Knightley 

(( 

"  John  Dodderidge 

a 

"  John  Hungerford 

(t 

"  John  Stradlinge 

<6 

"  John  Bourchier, 

iC 

"  John  Bennet, 

tc 

"  Samuell  Leonard, 

Ci 

"  ffrauncis  Goodwin, 

« 

"  Wareham  St  Leiger 

i( 

"  James  Scudamore 

tc 

"  Thomas  Mildmay 

iC 

*'  Percivall  Willoughby 

a 

"  ffrauncis  Leigh 

i( 

*'  Henry  Goodere 

u 

"  John  Cutts 

u 

"  James  Parrett 

<( 

"  William  Craven 

« 

544  PERIOD  III.    NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 


Sir  John  Sames                   K 

jiigt 

"  Carew  Raleigh 

(( 

"  WiUiam  Maynard 

it 

"  Edmund  Bowyer 

a 

"  William  Cornewallis 

a 

"  Thomas  Beomont 

it 

"  Thomas  Cunningsby 

cc 

"  Henry  Beddingfield 

a 

"  David  Murray 

u 

"  William  Poole 

ti 

"  William  Throgmorton 

i( 

"  Thomas  Grantham 

(( 

"  Thomas  Stewkley 

(( 

"  Edward  Heron 

a 

"  Raphe  Shelton 

« 

"  Lewis  Thesam 

iC 

"  Walter  Aston 

66 

"  Thomas  Denton 

66 

"  Ewstace  Hart 

66 

"  John  Ogle 

66 

"  Thomas  Dale 

66 

"  William  Boulstrode 

66 

"  William  ffleetwood 

li 

"  John  Acland 

66 

"  John  Hanham 

66 

"  Robert  Millor 

66 

"  Thomas  Wilford 

66 

"  WilHam  Lower 

66 

"  Thomas  Leedes 

66 

''  ffrauncis  Barneham 

16 

"  Walter  Chute 

66 

"  Thomas  Tracy 

66 

"  Marmaduke  Darrell 

66 

"  William  Harrys 

66 

"  Thomas  Gerrard 

« 

"  Peter  ffreetchville 

U 

"  Richard  Trevor 

66 

THE  THIRD  CHARTER.  545 

Sir  Amias  Bamfield  Knight, 

"  William  Smyth  of  Essex    " 

"  Thomas  Hewit  " 

"  Richard  Smith  " 

"  John  Heyward  " 

'*  Christopher  Harris  *' 

«  John  Pettus  " 

"  WilHam  Strode  " 

"  Thomas  Harfleets,  " 

"  Walter  Vaughan,  " 

"  William  Herrick  " 

"  Samuell  Saltonstall  " 

"  Richard  Cooper  " 

"  Henry  ffane  '* 

"  ffrauncis  Egiok  '' 

"  Robert  Edolph  " 

"  Arthur  Harris  " 

"  George  Huntley  " 

"  George  Chute  '' 

"  Robert  Leigh  " 

''  Richard  Lovelace  " 

"  William  Lovelace  " 

"  Robert  Yaxley  " 

"  ffrancis  Wortly  " 

"  ffrancis  Heiborne  " 

"  Guy  Palme  " 

"  Richard  Bingley  " 

"  Ambrose  Turville  " 

*'  Nicholas  Stoddard  " 

"  William  Gee  " 

"  Walter  Coverte  " 

"  Thomas  Eversfeild  " 

«  Nicholas  Parker  " 

"  Edward  Culpeper  " 

"  William  AylifPe  "  and 

"  John  Keile  "     . 
Doctor  George  Mountaine,  Deane  of  Westminster, 


546 


PERIOD   III.     NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 


Lawrence  Bohun  Docktor  in  pliisick, 
Anthony  Hinton,  Docktor  in  Phisick. 

John  Pawlett,  Arthur  Ingram 

Anthony  Irby, 
John  Walter, 


[Esquires] 


Anthony  Dyott, 
Thomas  Warre, 
Lawrence  Hide, 
Thomas  Stevens, 
Thomas  Coventry, 
Robert  Askwith, 
Francis  Jones, 
Henry  Cromewell, 
John  Culpeper, 
Walter  FitzWilliams, 
Wilham  Roscarrock, 
Edward  Carne, 
Nicholas  Lickfeild, 


John  Weld, 
John  Harris, 
Wm.  Ravenscrofte, 
William  Hackwell, 
Nicholas  Hide, 
ffrauncis  Tate, 
John  Hare, 
George  Sandys, 
Tho^  Wentworth 
John  Arundell, 
John  Hoskins, 
Walter  Kirkham, 
Richard  Carmerden 
Thomas  Merry 


John  Middleton, 
John  Smith  and  Thomas  Smith  the  sonnes  of  Sir  Thomas 
Smith, 

George  Gerrard, 

John  Drake, 

Oliver  Nicholas, 

John  Vaughan, 

Lamarock  Stradling, 

John  Kettleby, 

Lionell  Cranfeild, 

William  Litton, 

George  Thorpe, 
Henry  Sandys  and  Edwin  Sandys  the  sonnes  of  Sir  Edwin 

Sandys, 
Thomas  Conway  Captaine,      Owinn  Gwin  Captaine, 
Giles  Hawkridge,  Edward  Dyer, 

Richard  Connock,  Benjamin  Brand, 

Richard  Leigh  and  Thomas  Pelham  Esquires. 
Thomas  Digges  and  John  Digges  Esquires,  the  sonnes  of 
Sir  Dudley  Diggs,  Knight. 


Peter  Franke, 
Gregory  Sprinte, 
Roger  Puleston, 
Richard  Monyngton, 
John  Evelin, 
John  Riddall, 
Warren  Towneshend 
Edward  Salter, 
Humfrey  May, 


THE  THIRD  CHARTER. 


547 


[Ministers] 


ffrauncis  Bradley,  Richard  Buck, 

ffrauncis  Burley,  John  Prockter, 

Alexander  Whitaker,  Thomas  tfrake  the  elder,  and  Henry 

tfreake  the  elder  j\Ilnisters  of  God's  Woi'd. 
The  Maior  and  Cittizens  of  Chichester,  [Corpora- 

The  Maior  and  Jurates  of  Dover,  *^°°"J 

The  Bayliffes,  Burgesses  and  Cominalty  of  Ipswich, 
The  Maior  &  Cominalty  of  Lyme  Regis, 
The  Maior  and  Cominalty  of  Sandwich, 
The  Wardens   Assistants   and    Companie  of  The  trinity 

House. 


Thomas  Martin, 

Augustine  Steward, 

Humfrey  Jobson, 

Robert  Barkley, 

Edward  Barkley, 

Henry  Wolstenholme, 

George  Tucker, 

Thomas  Gouge, 

Wniiam  Hall, 

George  Sams, 

WiUiam  Tucker, 

William  Hodges, 

Phineas  Pett  Captaine, 

William  Beck, 

ffrauncis  Heiton  and  Samuell  Holliland  Gents. 

Richard  Chamberlaine,  George  Chamberlaine, 


[Gentlemen] 


ffrauncis  Smallman, 

Richard  Tomlms, 

John  Legats, 

John  Crowe, 

WilHam  Ffleet, 

Edmund  Alley ne, 

ffrauncis  Glanville, 

John  Evelin, 

John  Smithe, 

John  Robinson, 

John  Wolstenholme  Esquire, 

Jonathan  Nuttall, 

John  King  Captaine, 

Giles  Alington, 


Hewett  Staper, 
Raph  ffreeman, 
Richard  Piggott, 
Roger  Harris, 
Edward  Baber, 
Thomas  Shilds, 
Robert  Garsett, 
William  Bright, 
Peter  Bartley, 
Humfrey  Smith, 


Humfrey  Handford, 
George  Swinhoe, 
Elias  Roberts, 
De\  ereaux  Wogan, 
William  Greenewell, 
Nicholas  Hooker, 
Thomas  Cordell, 
John  Reynolds, 
John  Willet, 
Roger  Dye, 


[Merchants 
and  citizens 
of  London] 


548 


PERIOD   III.     NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 


Nicholas  Leate, 
Lewes  Tate, 
Robert  Peake, 
Sebastian  Vittars, 
Richard  Warner, 
Warner     .     .     .    , 
Andrew  Throughton, 
Thomas  Hodges, 
Richard  HarjDcr, 
WilliaA  Haselden, 
WiUiam  Burrell, 
Richard  ffishborne, 
Edward  Cooke, 
Richard  Hall  ankersmith, 
Richard  ffranckline, 
John  Britton, 
Edmund  Pond, 
Robert  Bell, 
William  fferrers 
Anthony  Abdy 
Benjamyne  Decrowe, 
Humfrey  Basse, 
Richard  Moorer, 
Richard  Pontsonne, 
John  Beomont,  clothier, 


Thomas  Wale, 
Humfrey  Merrett, 
Powell  Isaackson, 
Jarvis  Mundes, 
Gresham  Hogan, 
Daniell  Dernley, 
William  Barrett, 
John  Downes, 
Thomas  ffoxall, 
James  Harrison, 
John  Hodsall, 
John  Miller, 
Richard  Hall  marehant, 
John  Delbridge, 
Edmund  Scott, 
Robert  Strutt, 
Edward  James, 
Richard  Heme, 
William  Millet, 
Robert  Gore, 
Henry  Tunberly, 
Abraham  Speckart, 
William  Compton, 
William  Wolaston, 
Alexander  Childe, 


WilHam  ^d\Ao,ffishmonger,   ffrauncis  Baldwine, 


John  Jones,  marchant, 
Edward  Plomer  marchants. 
John  Stoickden, 
Peter  Erundell, 
Thomas  Hampton  and 


Thomas  Plomer,  and 


Robert  Tindall, 
Ruben  Bourne, 
ffrauncis  Carter 

Cittizens  of  London,  who  since  our  said  last  letters  patents 

are  become  adventurers,  etc.  etc. 

Additional         "  ^^-  ^^^  ^^  ^^®  further  pleased,  and  we  do, 
Councillors.    \,y  thesc  prescuts,  grant  and  confirm,  thdt 
^  Philip  [Herbert]  Earle  of  Montgomery, 

*  A  complete  list  of  these  has  not  been  published.     Stith  only  gives  three 


THE  THIRD   CHARTER.  549 

William  Lord  Paget, 
Sir  John  Harrington,  Knight, 
'    "  William  Cavendish,   " 
"  John  Sammes,  " 

"  Samuel  Sandys,  " 

"  Thomas  ffreke,  " 

"  William  St  John,  " 
"  Richard  Grobham,  " 
"  Thomas  Dale  " 

"  Cavalliero  Maycott,    " 
Richard  Martin,  Esquire, 
John  Bingley,  " 

Thomas  Watson  " 
and  Arthur  Ingram  " 
whom  the  said  Treasurer  and  Company  have,  since  the  said 
last  letters  2^atents,  nominated  and  set  down  as  worthy  and 
discreet  persons,  fit  to  serve  us  as  Counsellors,  to  be  of  our 
Council  for  the  said  plantation,  shall  be  reputed,  deemed 
and  taken  as  persons  of  our  said  Council  for  the  said  first 
Colony,  in  such  manner  and  sort,  to  all  intents  and  pur- 
poses, as  those  who  have  been  formerly  elected  and  nomi- 
nated, as  our  Counsellors  for  that  Colony,  and  whose  names 
have  been  or  are  inserted  and  expressed  in  our  said  for- 
mer letters  patents." 

VII.   ['  Courts  or  meetings  of  the  treasurer  and  company 
to  assemble  "  once  every  week  or  oftener^^  to  be  constituted 


names,  and  one  of  these  he  gives  in-  to  convey  an  idea  of  the  article  num- 

correctly,  viz. :  "  Philip.  Earl  of  Mont-  bered,  as  this  seems  to  answer  all  pur- 

goraery,  William  Lord  Paget,  Sir  John  poses. 

SStarrington,  Knt.,"  etc.      Starrington         No   one   was   admitted   to  share  in 

should  be  Harrington.  the  Virginia  colony  for  a  less  sum  than 

^  In  the  copy  made  for  me  at  the  £12  10s.  This  amount  finally  entitled 
British  Museum,  the  name  of  "  Sir  the  payer  to  a  share  of  not  less  than 
William  Cavendish,  Knight,"  does  not  100  acres  in  Virginia.  Of  those  who 
appear  ;  but  this  may  be  an  oversight  paid  their  subscriptions  and  took  there- 
of the  copyist,  as  the  name  is  found  in  for  bills  of  adventure,  it  may  be  stated, 
the  list  as  copied  for  me  from  the  Kim-  as  approximately  correct,  that  about 
bolton  manuscripts.  one  third  came  to  Virginia  themselves 

2  The  words  in  [  ]  are  only  intended  and  settled  on  their  lands  ;  about  one 


550  PERIOD   III.     NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

of  not  less  than  five  members  of  his  majesty's  council  for 
the  first  colony  in  Virginia  (of  which  the  treasurer,  or  his 
deputy,  to  be  always  one)  and  not  less  than  fifteen  "  of  the 
generality  of  the  said  Company  "  shall  be  a  sufficient  court 
for  handling  casual  occurrences,  etc.] 

VIII.  [For  matters  of  greater  weight,  such  as  concern 
the  weal  publick,  etc.  Four  great  and  general  courts  were  to 
be  held  yearly  upon  the  last  Wednesday  save  one  of  Hillary 
(Winter)  term,  Easter  (Spring),  Trinity  (Summer),  and 
Michaelmas  (Fall)  terms.  These  courts  had  power  to  regu- 
late the  government  (appoint  or  remove  officers,  make  laws, 
etc.)  of  the  colony  in  Virginia,  to  dispatch  the  affairs  of  the 
said  company,  to  expulse  from  the  company  all  persons  who 
failed  to  pay  their  dues  as  adventurers,  subscribers,  etc.] 

IX.  [The  judges  at  Westminster  and  elsewhere  to  favor 
suits  brought  by  the  company  against  non-paying  sub- 
scribers.] 

X.  [The  treasurer  and  company  may  admit  new  mem- 
bers, etc.] 

XI.  [May  encourage  migration.  May  send  things  neces- 
sary for  the  plantation  free  of  duty  for  seven  years  from 
12th  March,  1612.] 

XII.  [The  oath  of  supremacy  and  allegiance  to  be  ad- 
ministered to  every  one  going  to  Vu-ginia.] 

XIII.  [Certain  oaths  to  be  administered  to  the  officers  of 
the  colony  for  faithfully  discharging  the  matters  committed 
to  them  for  the  good  of  said  colony.] 

XIV.  [Whereas  divers  persons,  having  received  wages, 
etc.,  from  the  company,  and  agreed  to  serve  the  colony,  have 
afterwards  refused  to  go  thither;  and  divers  others  who 
have  been  employed  in  Virginia  by  the  Company,  and  hav- 
ing there  misbehaved  themselves  by  mutinies,  sedition,  or 
other  notorious  misdemeanors,  have  come  back  to  England 

third  sent  over  their  agents,  or  finally  the   lands.      These   classes   were    the 

their  heirs,  to  occupy  theirs  ;    while  landed  gentry,  and  they  brought,  or 

the  remaining  third  sold  their  shares  sent,  over  another  class  as  servants, 

to  others,   who  generally   settled   on  etc. 


WILLIAM   HERBERT 
Third  Earl  of  Peiitbrokc 


THE   THIRD   CHARTER.  551 

in  some  treacherous  way,  or  by  stealth,  or  without  licence 
from  the  governor  of  Virginia,  or  having  been  sent  hither 
as  misdoers  and  offenders,  have  shown  no  respect  to  the 
Council  of  the  Company ;  and  others  for  the  colouring  of 
their  lewdness  and  misdemeanors  committed  in  Viririnia, 
have  endeavored,  by  most  vile  and  slanderous  reports  of  the 
country,  of  the  government  and  estate  of  the  colony,  to 
bring  the  plantation  into  disgrace  and  contempt,  whereby 
"  the  utter  overthrow  and  ruin  of  the  said  enterprise  hath 
been  greatly  endangered,  which  cannot  miscarry  without 
some  dishonour  to  us  and  our  kingdom.] 

XV.  ["  Now,  forasmuch  as  it  appeareth  unto  us,  that 
these  msolences,  misdemeanors,  and  abuses,  not  to  be  toler- 
ated in  any  civil  government,  have,  for  the  most  part," 
proceeded  from  the  fact  that  said  council  have  not  had 
authority  to  correct  and  chastise  such  offenders ;  we  there- 
fore, for  the  speedy  reformation  of  so  great  and  enonnous 
abuses  and  misdemeanors  heretofore  practised  and  com- 
mitted, and  for  the  prevention  of  the  like  hereafter,  do,  by 
these  presents,  authorize  the  said  Council  or  any  two  of 
them  (whereof  the  Treasurer,  or  his  deputy,  to  be  always 
one),  by  warrant  under  their  hands,  to  cause  to  be  appre- 
hended any  person  hereafter  guilty  of  said  offences,  to 
examine  them,  and  if  found  guilty  upon  just  proof  made  by 
oath,  the  said  Council,  or  any  two  of  them,  shall  have  full 
power  and  authority  either  here  to  bind  them  over  with 
good  sureties  for  their  good  behavior,  and  further  therein 
to  proceed,  to  all  intents  and  purposes,  as  it  is  used,  in  other 
like  cases,  within  our  realm  of  England ;  or  else,  at  their 
discretion,  to  remand  and  send  them  back  to  the  said  colony 
in  Virginia,  there  to  be  proceeded  against  and  punished,  as 
the  governor,  deputy,  or  council  there  shall  think  meet,  etc.] 

"  XVI.  And  for  the  more  effectual  advancing  of  the  said 
plantation,  we  do  further,  for  us,  our  heirs,  and    L^^j^^gj^gg 
successors,  of  our  especial  gfrace  and  favour,  by    authorized 

„  ^  .  ^    ^  '      "^      for  the  bene- 

virtue  or  our  prerogative  royal,  and  by  the  assent   fit  of  the 
and  consent  of  the  Lords  and  others  of  our  privy     °  ^"^' 


552  PERIOD   III.    NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

council,  give  and  grant  unto  the  said  treasurer  and  company 
full  power  and  authority,  free  leave,  liberty,  and  licence,  to 
set  forth,  erect,  and  pubhsh,  one  or  more  lottery  or  lotteries, 
to  have  continuance,  and  to  endure  and  be  held,  for  the 
space  of  one  whole  year,  next  after  the  opening  of  the  same ; 
and  after  the  end  and  expiration  of  the  said  term,  the  said 
lottery  or  lotteries  to  continue  and  be  fm^ther  kept,  dur- 
ing our  Avill  and  pleasure  only,  and  not  otherwise.  And 
yet  nevertheless,  we  are  contented  and  pleased  for  the  good 
and  welfare  of  the  said  plantation,  that  the  said  treasurer 
and  company  shall,  for  the  dispatch  and  finishing  of  the  said 
lottery  or  lotteries,  have  six  months  warning  after  the  said 
year  ended,  before  our  will  and  pleasure  shall,  for  and  on 
that  behalf,  be  construed,  deemed  and  adjudged,  to  be  in 
anywise  altered  and  determined. 

"  XVII.  And  our  further  will  and  pleasure  is,  that  the 
Where  Said  lottery  and  lotteries  shall  and  may  be  opened 

opened.  ^^^  held,  witliiu  our  city  of  London,  or  in  any 

other  city  or  town  or  elsewhere,  within  this  our  realm  of 
England,  with  such  prizes,  articles,  conditions,  and  limita- 
tions, as  to  them,  the  said  Treasurer  and  Company,  in  their 
discretion  shall  seem  convenient : 

"  XVIII.  And  that  it  shall  and  may  be  lawful,  to  and 
^  for  the  said  Treasurer  and  Company,  to  elect  and 

Ireasiirer  .  .  i        ^  ^ 

and  Com-  clioosc  rcccivcrs,  auditors,  surveyors,  commission- 
appoint  offi-  ers,  or  any  other  officers,  whatsoever,  at  their  will 
du^cVthe°°  ^^^^  pleasure,  for  the  better  marshalling,  dispos- 
Lotteriesand  {^10-   ffuidinsf,  and  ffoverninof  of  the  said  lottery 

administer  ©-"o  .  .  ,  . 

oaths  to  and  lotteries  ;  and  that  it  shall  likewise  be  lawful, 

to  and  for  the  said  Treasurer  and  any  two  of  the 
said  council,  to  minister  to  all  and  every  such  person  so 
elected  and  chosen  for  officers,  as  aforesaid,  one  or  more 
oaths,  for  their  good  behaviour,  just  and  true  dealing,  in 
and  about  the  said  lottery  or  lotteries,  to  the  intent  and 
purpose,  that  none  of  our  loving  subjects,  putting  in  their 
names,  or  otherwise  adventuring  in  the  said  general  lottery 
and  lotteries,  may  be,  in  any  wise,  defrauded  and  deceived 


PHILIP  III.   TO  VELASCO.  553 

of  their  said  monies,  or  evil  and  indirectly  dealt  withal  in 
their  said  adventures. 

"  XIX.  And  we  further  grant  in  manner  and  form 
aforesaid,  that  it  shall  and  may  be  lawful,  to  and  May  publish 
for  the  said  treasurer  and  company,  under  the  seal  orthdr  Lot- 
of  the  said  council  for  the  plantation,  to  publish,  *«"<^3- 
or  to  cause  and  procure  to  be  published,  by  proclamation  or 
otherwise  (the  said  proclamation,  to  be  made  in  their  name, 
by  virtue  of  these  presents)  the  said  lottery  or  lotteries  in 
all  cities,  towns,  boroughs,  and  other  places  within 

our  said  realm  of  England ;  and  we  will  and  command  all 
mayors,  justices  of  peace,  sheriffs,  baihffs,  constables,  and 
other  ofiicers  and  loving  subjects,  whatsoever,  that,  in  no 
wise,  they  hinder  or  delay  the  progress  and  'proceedings  of 
the  said  lottery  or  lotteries,  but  be  therein  touching  the 
premises,  aiding  and  assisting,  by  all  honest  good  and  law- 
ful means  and  endeavours." 

XX.  [Construction  of  charters  to  be  made  in  the  most 
ample  and  beneficial  manner  for  the  company.] 

XXI.  [Former  privileges  confirmed,  etc.]  "  In  witness 
whereof  we  have  caused  these  our  letters  to  be  made  patents. 
Witness  ourself,  at  Westminster,  the  twelfth  day  of  March, 
in  the  ninth  year  of  our  reign  of  England,  France,  and  Ire- 
land, and  of  Scotland  the  five  and  fortieth.'* 


CCIV.     PHILIP  TIL   TO  VELASCO. 

GENER^iL  ARCHIVES   OF  SHfANCAS.    DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE, 
VOLUME  2571,  FOLIO  312. 

Copy  of  a  rough  draft  of  a  letter  of  His  Majesty  to  Don 
Alonso  de  Velasco,  dated  Madrid,  April  1,  1612. 
"  In  a  letter  of  February  25'^  I  ordered  you  to  write  to 
me  in  matters  relating  to  Virginia,  what  you  may  have 
learned,  and  since  afterwards  the  subject  has  again  been  dis- 
cussed on  account  of  a  paper  presented  by  a  person  zealous 
to  serve  me,  which  treats  of  the  serious  troubles  likely  to 
arise  if  the  English  get  a  footing  in  that  region,  and  pro- 


r)D4:  PERIOD   III.     NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

poses  the  way  and  the  means  which  might  be  employed  in 
order  to  drive  them  out  from  there.^  I  order  you  and  charge 
you  to  proceed  most  carefully  in  ascertaining  the  precise 
condition  of  things  there  and  to  report  to  me  —  also  that 
the  pilot  [Clark]  who  now  is  in  the  Havannah  comes  over 
promptly  for  the  purposes  of  the  exchange,  which  you  know 
—  and  you  will  act  with  dispatch  in  all  that  concerns  this 
matter." 

CCV.    VELASCO  TO  PHILIP  III. 

GENERAL  AECHIVES  OF  SIMANCAS.    DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE, 
VOLUME  25S9,  FOLIO  25. 

Copy  of  a  deciphered  letter  of  Don  Alonso  de  Velasco  to  the 
Eang  of  Spain,  dated  London,  April  M,  1612. 

"  Sire.  — 

"On  the  8*'*  of  last  month  [February  27]  two  ships ^ 
sailed  from  here  with  the  first  assistance  which  I  reported 
to  Y.  M.,  was  preparing  for  Virginia,  they  took  not  more 
than  100  men,  and  the  second  is  understood  not  to  reach 
1000,  they  will  sail  from  here  in  eight  ships  in  the  last 
days  of  this  month.  It  is  however,  still  doubted  whether 
Lord  de  la  Warre,  the  former  Governor  there,  will  go  with 
the  expedition  as  had  been  reported.  Those  who  are  inter- 
ested in  this  Colony  show,  however,  that  they  wish  to  push 
this  enterprise  very  earnestly  and  the  Prince  of  Wales 
lends  them  very  warmly  his  support  and  assistance  towards 
it.  If  a  suitable  person  could  be  found,  he  [  I  ]  would 
send  him  with  these  vessels  to  establish  friendly  relations 
with  all  [i.  e.  while  really  acting  the  spy]  as  Y.  M.  com- 
mands me  in  the  letter  of  February  25  [15],  [CLXIX. 
and  CXCIX.] 

"  May  our  Lord  "  etc. 

*  This  important  paper  has  not  been        ^  The   John  and   Francis  and  the 
found.      Was    this    an    Entrlishman,     Sarah,  I  suppose, 
who  was  so  anxious  to  serve  Philip  III. 
of  Spain  ? 


SANDYS  TO  THE  MAYOR  OF  SANDWICH.  555 

CCVI.    SANDYS  TO  THE  MAYOR  OF  SANDWICH. 

FROM    "  VIRGINIA   AND    VIRGINIOLA,"    BY  REV.  E.  D.   NEILL, 

187S,  PAGE  U- 

"  To  the  Right  Worthie,  my  very  loviiig  friends,  The  Mayor 

and  Jurates  of  Sandwich  :  — 

"  Gentlemen.  —  I  am  required  by  his  Majesties  Counsel 
for  Virginia,  to  call  on  you  for  the  twenty  five  pounds  which 
long  since  you  promised  to  adventure  with  them,  towards 
the  furthering  of  that  plantation.  And  have  received  from 
them  a  Bill  of  adventure  under  their  scale  to  be  delivered 
unto  you  upon  paiment  of  that  sum,  which  Bill  I  have  sent 
you^  by  M"  Parke  to  be  disposed  accordingly. 

*'  I  am  also  in  their  names  very  earnestly  to  pray  your  fur- 
therance towards  the  furthering  of  a  Lotterie  lately  granted 
to  them  by  his  Majestic.  The  use  and  nature  thereof  you 
shall  perceive  by  the  proclamation  concerning  it,^  which  I 
have  also  sent.  And  Mr.  Mayor  of  Sandwick  is  particularly 
desired  to  receive  and  return  such  monies  as  men  shall  be 
disposed  to  adventure  in  it,  according  to  such  instructions  as 
are  contained  in  a  book,^  sent  to  you  for  that  purpose :  pre- 
suming greatly  of  you  affectionate  rediness  to  aid  and 
advance  so  worthie  an  enterj^rise  tending  so  greatly  to  the 
enlargement  of  the  Christian  truth,  the  honor  of  our  nation, 
and  benefit  of  English  peojjle,  as  by  God's  assistance  the 
sequell  in  short  time  will  manifest.  The  example  also 
hereof,  how  beneficiall  in  your  best  and  most  needful  occa- 
sions, it  may  prove  unto  yourselves.  I  know  in  your  wis- 
dome  you  will  easily  see  and  consider.  So  with  my  very 
hartie  salutations  I  commend  you  to  the  divine  tuition  and 
rest.  Y'^  Very  loving  friend. 

"Edwin  Sandys. 

"  Northborn,  8  Aprile,  1612." 

^  2  ^  These  documents  are  not  now     "  Booke   or  tliinge  ' '  entered  at   Sta- 
preserved   among   the   muniments  of     tioners'  Hall,  February  24,  1611. 
Sandwich,      *  or  ^  was   probably  the 


556  PERIOD  III.    NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

CCVII.     DIGBY  TO   SALISBURY. 

Madrid,  April  18,  1612.  Sir  John  Digby  to  my  Lord 
Salisbury. 

An  extract  from  a  letter  indorsed :  "  Touching  our  Re- 
nouncins:  the  Plantation  in  Virgfinia." 

"  It  is  thought,  he  [Don  Pedro  de  C'uniga  ^]  will  be 
directed,  to  use  many  Instances  unto  his  Majesty,  for  the 
Removing  of  the  Plantation  in  Virginia,  and  which  they 
thinke  fit  first  to  assay  by  fayre  meanes  and  Intreaty  to  his 
Majesty,  tho'  I  should  be  sorry,  in  the  meane  tyme,  they 
should  be  trusted ;  ffor  that  I  know,  they  have  had  many 
consultations  for  the  supplanting  of  our  men.  But  I  cannot 
learne,  that  there  is  any  particular  Resolution  taken  therein, 
but  that  in  generall  it  is  concluded,  that  our  setling  there 
is  not  to  be  permitted." 

[Mem.  —  The  deserters  of  Captain  Hudson,  after  their 
return  to  England  in  October,  1611,  convinced  many  that 
they  had  found  the  long  looked  for  and  greatly  desired 
northwest  passage,  and  in  April  or  May,  1612,  an  expedi- 
tion was  sent  out,  consisting  of  two  ships  under  the  command 
of  Captain  Thomas  Button,  namely,  the  Resolution,  Francis 
Nelson,  master,  and  the  Discovery,  Captain  John  Ingram, 
to  explore  the  said  passage  and  with  special  instructions  to 
search  for  Hudson  and  his  friends.  Robert  Byleth,  one  of 
those  who  had  deserted  him  in  the  summer  of  1611,  was 
sent  along  to  aid  in  the  search.  Henry,  Prince  of  Wales, 
who  took  especial  interest  in  Hudson's  fate,  drew  up  the 
instructions  for  this  expedition.] 

1  Zuniga  was  sent  to  England  at  this  came  to  offer  the  hand  of  Philip  III. 

time  as  ambassador  extraordinary,  for  himself   to  the  Princess  Elizabeth  of 

special    purposes.     Velaseo   was   still  England.      See  Gardiner's  History  of 

the     resident     ambassador.      Among  England,  vol.  ii.  p.  151. 
other    pieces    of    diplomacy,    Zuiiiga 


EXTRACT  FROM  THE  GROCERS'   RECORD.  557 

CCVIII.    MOORE'S  COMMISSION. 

April  27,  1612.  "  A  Commission  graunted  by  us  the 
undertakers  for  the  Plantacon  of  Somer  Islands  unto  our 
welbeloved  f rend  M"^  Richard  Moore  and  the  rest  of  the  men 
and  mareniers  imployed  upon  the  said  voyage  whome  wee 
beseeche  God  to  preserve."     Commencing  :  — 

"  Imprimis.  1.  Whereas,  we  whose  names  are  hereunder 
written  togfeather  with  divers  others  have  to  the  gflorie  of 
God  and  good  of  our  Countrye  undertaken  the  Plantacon  of 
Somer  Islands  (some  times  called  Bermudaes)  "  etc. 

The  document  is  given  in  Lefroy's  "  Memorials  of  the 
Bermudas,"  vol  i.  pp.  58-63.  Moore  was  to  be  governor 
for  three  years.  Among  his  assistants  were  Mr.  George 
Keth,  preacher  of  the  word,  and  Mr.  Edwin  Kendall.  The 
ship  in  which  he  sailed,  the  Plough,  was  commanded  by 
Captain  Robert  Daviss.  They  sailed  April  28th.  Their 
seal  was  "  a  Scale  Ring  with  Sir  Thomas  Smythes  Amies 
engraven." 

[Mem.  —  Howes  in  his  Chronicle  says,  "In  the  Spring 
of  1612  there  were  sent  to  Virginia  more  supplies  [by  the 
John  and  Francis  and  the  Sarah  ?]  besides  a  particular  sup- 
ply for  the  English  in  the  Bermodes."] 

CCIX.     EXTRACT  FROM  THE  GROCERS'  RECORDS. 

"  Court  of  Assistants.  Grocers  Company.  Tent  die 
Mercurii  xxix  die  Aprilis  1612. 

"  Present :  —  Sir  Stephen  Soame,  Sir  Tho^  Middleton  K'\ 

"M^  Nicholas  Stile,  M'  George  BoUes,  and  M'  Richard 
Pyott.  Aldermen. 

"  M'  Richard  Burrell,  M-"  Robert  Morer  and  M'  Wm. 
Pennifather,  Wardens. 

M'  Robert  Sandy.  M'  George  Holman. 

"    John  Newman.  "    Hugh  Gold. 

"    Rich*^  Denman.  "    Robert  Cox. 


558  PERIOD  III.    NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

M""  Humphrey  Walcott.  M""  Gyles  Parslowe. 

"    Rich*^  Aldworth.  "    Rob*  Bowyer. 

"    Richard  Cox.  "    Thomas  Nutt. 

"    Anthony  Soda.  "    Roger  Gwyn. 

"    Thomas  Longston.  "    Tho*  Westraw. 

"  This  day  upon  the  special  motion  and  request  of  Sir 
Thomas  Smyth  K*  it  is  consented  and  agreed  that  this 
Company  will  adventure  £62, 10.  for  Yi^  lotts  in  the  Lotterye 
for  Virginia,  and  that  the  sayd  adventure  shall  be  made  by 
Wardens  with  the  Comen  Goodes  of  this  House  and  that 
the  benefitt  happening  shall  be  whoUye  employed  to  the  use 
of  this  House  &  Companye."   .  .  . 

[Mem.  —  May  16, 1612,  Master  Welby  entered  for  publi- 
cation at  Stationers'  Hall,  "  under  the  handes  of  Sir  Thomas 
Smithe,  &c.  A  publication  by  his  Maiesties  Councell  of  Vii-- 
ginea,  touchinge  the  deferringe  of  the  Lotterye." 

No  copy  of  this  pubHcation  is  known  to  be  in  existence.] 


CCX.     THE  NEW   LIFE  OF  VIRGINIA. 

May  1,  1612,  Master  Welby  entered  at  Stationers'  Hall 
for  publication,  "  under  the  handes  of  Sir  Thomas  Smith, 
Sir  Dudley  Digges,  Master  Robert  Johnson  and  the  War- 
dens. The  Lotterys  best  prize,  declaring  the  former  suc- 
cesse  and  present  estate  of  Viriginia's  Plantation."  The 
tract  is  dedicated  "  to  The  Right  worshipfuU  Sir  Thomas 
Smith,"  by  R.  I.  It  was  reprinted  by  Peter  Force,  at  Wash- 
ington, in  1836  [No.  7  in  vol.  i.]  ;  and  also  m  vol.  viii.  2d 
series,  Mass.  Hist.  Collections. 

Originals,  which  are  worth  about  $160  each,  are  pre- 
served in  the  Library  of  Congress,  of  Harvard  College,  of 
John  Carter-Brown,  and  of  Mr.  Kalbfleisch. 

It  was  published  with  the  following  title-page :  — 


THE  NEW  LIFE  OF  VIRGINIA. 


559 


THE 

NEW  LIFE 

of  Virginea: 
DECLARING    THE 

FORMER    SVCCESSE    AND   PRE- 

fent  eftate  of  that  plantation  being  the  fecond 
part  of  Naua  Britannia. 

Publifhed  by  the  authoritie  of  his  Maieflies 

Counfell  of  Virginea, 

L  0  ND  0  N, 

Imprinted  by  Felix  Kyngston    for    William    JVelby^    dwelling  at  the 

figne  of  the  Swan  in  Pauls  Churchyard,     i  6  i  2. 


560  PERIOD  III.     NOVEMBER,  1609-JULy,  1614. 


CCXI.     FROM  THE   MERCERS'   RECORDS. 

At  a  court  of  the  Mercers'  Company  held  on  May  20, 
1612,  it  was  agreed  at  the  request  of  Sir  Thomas  Smith, 
knight,  that  the  company  shoidd  adventure  £50  in  this  pres- 
ent lottery  for  Virgmia. 


CCXII.     PHILIP  III.  TO  VELASCO. 

GENERAL  ARCHIVES  OF  SIMANCAS.    DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE, 
VOLUME  2571,  FOLIO  317. 

Copy  of  an  extract  from  a  deciphered  letter  of  His  Majesty 
to  Don  Alonso  de  Yelasco,  dated  Madrid,  June  6,  1612. 
"  I  approve  of  your  plan  to  send  to  Virginia  in  the  first 
vessels  that  should  sail  some  trustworthy  person,  who  should 
brino-  a  reliable  account  of  how  matters  stand  there  —  and 
as  to  the  matter  of  Don  Roberto  Sirley,  nothing  more  is  to 
be  done  than  to  report  to  me  whatever  else  may  present 
itself." 

CCXIII.    VELASCO  TO  PHILIP  IIL 

GENERAL  ARCHIVES   OF  SIMANACS.    DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE, 
VOLUME  2589,  FOLIO  50. 

Copy  of  a  deciphered  letter  of  Don  Alonso  de  Velasco  to 
the  King  of  Spain,  dated  London,  June  18,  1612. 

"  Sire.  — 

"  In  order  to  encourage  the  settlement  of  Virginia  and  to 
progress  there  with  a  more  solid  foundation  they  have 
determined  here  to  send  and  estabHsh  a  post  in  the  Ber- 
muda, for  which  purpose  they  are  preparing  300  men  and 
60  women,  who  will  sail  certainly  during  the  month  of  July 
in  a  ship  which  will  also  take  out  whatever  is  necessary  to 
erect  a  fort,  where  they  can  secure  a  better  footing  and  con- 
tinue more  conveniently  in  their  design. 

"  God  grant "  etc. 


SIR   vVILLIAM   HERICKE 


FROM  THE  GROCERS'  RECORDS. 


561 


CCXIV.  DIGBY  TO  CARLETON. 

Madrid,  June  20, 1612.     Digby  to  Carleton. 

..."  Thei  are  very  much  displeased  with  our  new  dis- 
coverie  of  the  North-Weste  passage ;  but  more  particularly 
with  our  plantation  in  Virginia.  Which  thei  stick  not  now 
to  say,  that  yf  his  Majestie  will  not  cause  yt  to  bee  recalled, 
this  King  will  bee  forced  by  a  strong  hande  to  assay  ye 
removall  of  yt.  And  I  heare  that  Don  Pedro  de  Cunega 
liathe  commission  to  move  his  Majestie  that  his  subjects  may 
desiste  from  any  farther  proceeding  therein.  If  hee  have, 
I  doubt  not  but  hee  will  receive  a  cold  answeare.  And  for 
their  doing  anything  by  ye  way  of  hostihtie,  I  concive  thei 
will  be  very  slowe  to  give  England  (who  is  very  apte  to  lay 
holde  on  any  occasion)  so  juste  a  pretence  to  bee  doing  with 
them." 


Under 


Wardens   of    the   Misterie  of   the 
Grocerie  of  the  Cittie  of  London. 


CCXV.  FROM  THE  GROCERS'  RECORDS. 

From    Wardens'   Accounts,   Grocers'   Company, 
head  of  "  Casual  paymentes  "  in 
*^  Th'  accompte  and  Reconing  of 
Richard  Burrell, 
Robert  Morer, 
W"  Pennyfather, 
From  22.  July  a.  d.  1611  to  20  July  1612. 

"  Paid  to  Sir  Thomas  Smyth  K*  23^*^  day  of 
June  1612  for  the  Companys  adventure  for 
5  lottes  in  the  presente  Lottery  for  Planta- 
tion in  Viroinia  according-  to  an  order  of 
Court  made  24.  April  1612,  as  by  acquit- 
tance may  appeare." 


(■ 


LXij.  X. 
[£62  10.] 


562  PERIOD  III.    NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 


CCXVI.     STRACHEY'S  VIRGINIA. —I. 

Stracliey's  "  Virginia  "  —  Asbmole  MS.  1758.^  Collated 
and  extracted  by  G.  Parker,  Bodleian  Library,  August  25, 

1885. 

[£ol.  1.]  Tbe^  First  Booke  of  tbe  First  Decade  con- 
tayning  tbe  Historic  of  Travaile  into  Virginia 
Britania,  expressing  togitber  witb  tbe  conditions,  manners 
and  Quallities  of  tbe  Inbabitauntes,  Tbe  CosmogTapbie,  & 
commodities  of  tbe  Country :  obtayned  and  gatbered  by 
Wilbam  Stracbey  gent,  tbree  yeares  tbetber  Imployed, 
Secretarie  unto  tbe  State,  and  of  Counsell,  witb  tbe  Rigbt 
Hono:**^^  tbe  Lord  La  Warre,  bis  Ma:*'^^  Lord  Governour 
and  Captayne  Generall  for  tbe  Colonic./ 

"  Alget,  quj  non  ardet.  /  W  St :  / 
[fob  2.]      ^  "  To  tbe  rigbt  wortbie  and  noble  gent,  covet- 
ous of  all  knowledge,  Sir  Allen  Apsley  Knigbt 

Purveyor  for  His  Majesties  Navie  Roy  all. 
"Wortby  Sir. 

"  It  is  common,  if  not  natural!  to  worldlings,  wbere  tbings 
succeed  not  according  to  tbe  beat  of  tbeir  large  expecta- 
tions, not  only  to  fall  from  tbeir  resolutions  (in  a  Busines 

1  There  are  two  copies  of  the  MS.  ^  xhe  Sloane  (CCXVII.)  title-page 

of  Strachey's  Virginia  ;  the  one  in  the  is  somewhat  different. 

Bodleian  Library  at  Oxford  which  has  ^  There  has  been  some  doubt  as  to 

never  been  printed  —  from  which  I  am  when  this  treatise  was  written  ;   but 

now  giving  these  extracts  ;  the  other  it  seems  very  evident  to  me  that  the 

(CCXVII.)   in  the  British   Museum,  original  was  written  between  the  date 

Sloane    Collection,    No.    1622,    which  of   Strachey's    return    from   Virginia 

was  published  by  the   Hakluyt  Soci-  and   July   23,    1612    (before    Captain 

ety  of  London,  England,  in  1849.     At  Argall  sailed  for  Virginia),  and  that 

the  request  of  Mr.  Kingdon  of  Lon-  the  Ashmolean  copy  was  presented  to 

don,  Mr.  Parker  of  the  Bodleian  Li-  Sir  Allen  Apsley  before  the  death  of 

brary  compared  the  Ashmole  MS.  1758  Henry,  Prince  of  Wales  (November  6, 

with  the  Hakluyt  publication  for  me,  1612).    The  original  Sloane,  evidently 

and  I  have   given   in  this   document  written   about    the    same    time,    was 

most  of  the  differences  of  any  conse-  afterwards  presented  to  Lord  Bacon 

queuce.      The   text  in  each  is  nearly  in  1618  (after  July  11),  with  several 

identical.     I  also  had  the  Sloane  MS.  alterations  in  the  text,  rendered  neees- 

1622  examined  at  the  Museum.  sary  by  the  lapse  of  time.    See  note 

1,  page  565. 


STRACHEY'S  VIRGINIA.  563 

how  well-weyed  soever  in  Counsaile,  or  full  o£  fame,  honour, 
or  goodnes,)  and  first  grounds  ;  but  to  quarrell  all  meanes 
that  gave  heart  (almost  connivaunce)  to  the  setting  on : 
so  testy  is  the  insatiate  passioun  and  that  ymmeasurable 
hope  which  will  needes  convert  ytselfe  into  deluding  assur- 
aune :  as  low  Hillocks,  such  are  such  men,  covered  with 
snow,  let  the  least  sunn  or  Wind  give  them  up  naked 
though  no  worse  thenn  they  were,  yet  the  mountannous 
Imagynatioun  not  satisfied  turnes  into  such  a  Laughter  as 
mad-men  take  up,  an  unkindly  and  bastard  Laughter,  lit- 
tle different  from  madnes  ytselfe  :  I  confesse  I  would  ever 
be  free  from  the  fury  of  such,  yet  what  I  can  speak  of 
goodnes  I  must  not  be  ashamed  nor  feare,  and  all  good 
Angells  deceave  me,  if  any  Aviso  in  that,  returne  the 
Reader  distraction,  or  me  a  chiding :  and  can  my  voice  be 
exalted  in  any  tune  more  full  of  pietie  and  happines  tlien^ 
in  the  Busines  for  Virginia  ?  Which  was  once  a  thing  so 
full  of  expectaunce  (and  that  not  above  three  years  since  ^) 
as  not  a  yeare  of  a  romain-jubile,  no  nor  the  Ethnick- 
Queene  of  Ephesus,  can  be  said  to  have  beene  followed 
with  more  heate  and  zeale ;  the  discourse  and  visitatioun  of 
yt  tooke  up  all  meetings,  times,  termes,  all  degrees,  all 
purses,  and  such  throngs  and  concourse  of  personall  under- 
takers, as  the  aire  seemed  not  to  have  more  Lights  thenn 
that  holie  Cause  inflamed  Spiritts  to  partake  with  yt,  almost 
every  religious  Subject  that  stood  sound  indeed  at  the 
coare  within  to  Loialtie  and  to  the  professioun  of  the  present 
Faith  brought  his  Free-will-offring,  and  professed  thenn  to 
throw  his  bread  upoun  those  waters,  however,  (alas)  now  in 
these  tymes  the  back  and  worse  face  of  Janus  with  the  repy- 
ning  eye,  and  tongue  of  slaunder,  hath  bene  turned  upoun 
yt.  When  yet  yt  transcends  the  Reach  of  such  who  both 
will  and  doe  understand  yt,  what  rubbish  Interpositioun 
should  so  straungely  chaunge  her  former  concey ved  felicity, 
or  whie  the  Plenulune  and  fulnes  of  her  hopes  should  suffer 
under  so  many  petulent  new-Feares,  and  falce  Freinds. 

^  This  is  a  reference  to  the  great  rush  for  Virginia  in  the  spring  of  1609. 


564  PERIOD  III.    NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

"  I  will  councell  no  man?i  in  the  waies  of  the  world,  but 
where  my  reasoun  may  tell  me,  that  I  maie  advise  of  prof- 
fitt,  since  interposing  hazardes  maie  meete  (there  being  on 
permanent  or  reall  happines  under  the  Sun?i)  and  thenn 
maie  I  be  well  assured  of  hastie  and  sinister  judgment,  cen- 
sured a  partie  to  the  least  losse  though  no  Competitour  in 
any  gaine :  only  yet  let  me  dare  to  publish  to  any  one  that 
hath  adventured  in  this  sprightly  and  pious  actioun,  espe- 
cially [fob  2^]  to  such  who  have  assumed  that  for  their  rav- 
isht  love  to  faire  vertue,  that  the  Former  endes  and  first 
motives  to  the  undertaking  stand  yet.  as  apparant  and  prof- 
itable as  at  first,  whether  be  respected  a  natioun  to  blesse 
with  knowledge,  a  fruictfuU  and  pleasant  country  to  seat 
and  settle  the  swarmes  of  our  ranck  multitude,  who  tast  in 
this  our  owne  clyme  nothing  but  of  Idlenes,  Prophannes, 
and  want ;  or  wliither  be  respected  a  secure  and  necessary 
Retreyt  for  our  manie  sliipps,  when  the  insolent  Enemy  of 
those  Seas  shall  at  any  tyme  quarrell  us ;  or  wliither  be  re- 
spected, the  commodities  and  materialls  for  shipping,  so 
much  exhausted,  and  so  dearely  obteyned  from  the  easterly 
Countries,  as  Flax  for  Cordage,  Pitch  and  Tarr,  Pine  and 
Firre  for  mastage,  &c,  or  whither  be  respected  the  hopes 
of  the  upland-country  amongest  the  mountaynes,  we  con- 
ceave  of  many  sorts  of  mineralls,  fynding  alreddy  in  the 
surface  and  upper  crust  the  sparre  of  good  proufe,  and 
worthie  the  expence  of  Triall ;  or  lastly  whither  be  re- 
spected that  more  thenn  likelyhood  of  the  discovery  that 
waie,  westerly  the  great  and  hopefull  discent  into  the  mar 
del  Ziir  or  South-Sea,  of  which  the  late  discourse  pub- 
lished in  print  by  an  able  and  understanding  gentleman/i 
of  Qualitie,  of  the  Nor-West  passadge,^  gives  so  chere  and 
undoubted  Testimonie. 

"  But  worthie  S""  I  doe  forget  myself  to  openn  a  Book 
unto  your  knowledge  which  is  full  of  Love  and  understand- 
ing of  the  true  endes  of  this  great  action,  yet  so  yt  maie  be 
that  these  geathered  observations  thus  bungled,  bound  up, 

1  Written  by  Sir  Dudley  Digges,  see  March  11,  1612. 


STRACHEY'S   VIRCxINIA.  565 

and  to  your  view  alone  intended  hy  me  male  fall  into  such 
liandes  c>,s  male  put  some  doubtes  which  even  this  entraunce 
may  resolve  them  in,  and  so  begett  towards  the  further 
reading  hereof  a  better  opinion  :  Be  yt  only  your  honour  to 
pardoun  me  the  appealing  of  you  from  your  more  serious 
affaires  to  the  perusall  of  these  infirme  and  scatterd  collec- 
tions, since  yf  I  have  offended,  the  noblenes  &  Bountie  of 
your  faire  Disposicioun  (expressed  evenn  in  my  knowledge 
to  manie  of  my  best  Freindes)  makes  me  presume  that  I 
cannot  (in  any  actioun,  which  hath  reUsh  of  virtue  and 
goodnes)  too  much  challenge  or  provoak  your  patience. 

"  And  so  not  striving  to  be  unnecessarily  troublesome  I 
wish  unto  you  the  iust  accompUshment  of  your  owne  ver- 
tuous  desires :  by  him  who  is  truly  to  you  divoted. 

"  William  Strachey. 

"  ECCLESIAE,  ET  REIPUB :  ffol.  3.1 

Wild  as  they  ar,  accept  them,  so  were  wee : 
To  make  them  civil,  will  our  Honour  be  : 
And  if  good  workes,  be  the  effects  of  myndes, 
That  like  good-angells  be,  let  our  Designes, 
As  we  ar  Angli,  make  us  angells  too : 
No  better  worck,  can  church,  or  statesman  do. 

W.  St. 

"  We  call  Cape  Henry,  in  honour  of  our  most  [fol.  16.] 
royall  prince.*  .  .  . 

"  We  call  Cape  Charles  in  honour  of  our  [fol.  16^.] 
princely  Duk  of  York.*  .  .  . 

"  Yt  being  the  place  wherein  our  aboad  and  habitatioun 
hath  now  (well  neere)  six  yeares  consisted.* 

now  at  that  tyme 

*  These    passages   were    originally     "in   honour   of    our^princely^Duk   of 

written  in  the  same  way  in  the  Sloane     York."        .         .  .  ... 

MS.  ;  but  before  presentation  to  Ba-     «  Our  aboad  &  habitation  hath   now 

con  it  was  necessary  to  correct  them,      ,     .,  .    V-  •  ^    i  » 

J    .,  "^      •     i.1    ..  ivrc!  (well  neere)  «i  yeares  consisted, 

and  they  now  appear  m  that  Mb.  as'^^^,^  .,.,        e 

o  ,y  ["I     have    copied    the     foregouig 

aetly  as  they  occur  in  the  MS.    The 
rrections  are  most  certainly  in  a  dif- 
ferent handwriting  from  that  of  the 


folio 


ws 


that  our  d.cca.ed  Bxactly  as  they  occur  in  the  MS.    The 

"  in  honour  of  ^s?  most  royall.prince."     corrections  are  most  certainly  in  a  dif- 


566 


PERIOD   III.     NOVEMBER,  1609-.1ULY,   16 


[fol.  56.]       "The^  Second  Book  of  the  F. 

the  Historie  of   Travaile  into  Vi 
expressing  the  severall  voyages,  and  Coloni'^ 
these  partes  of  America,  now  by  us  inti 
whose    Chardges    first    undertaken,    an' 
therein    imployed,    with   what    their    s 
adventures  ;  gathered  by  William  Str 

"  Alget,  qui  non  ardet."  / 

"  Wee  seek  not  yours,  but  you  : 

"  Res  nostrae  sub  inde  non  su 
quales  esse  possunt.'  / 


i 

.la, 

into 

iia,  at 

ptaines 

dlKes   & 

&c./ 


s  optaret,  sed 


"W.  St. 


[fol.  57.]  «CaT..  T 

"  A  collection,  necessarily  the  most 

matteriall  perticulers,  of  evury  oevervtii  Colonic,  &  voyage 
addressed  by  the  English  '  -mj  tym^,  into  these  partes  of 
America  which  hath  gotten  tii;»  Donjmination  of  Virginia.  / 
"  Whether  that  ever  famous  Ge^ioese  Christopher  Colum- 
bus," etc.  [about  as  in  the  Hakluyt  volume ;  but  with  the 
marginal  note,  "  Of  the  first  finders  out  of  Virginia,  the 
Captaynes  thether  Imployed,  &  by  whom,"  etc.] 


CCXVI.  has  also  the  following  introduction  to  the 
"  Dictionary  of  the  Indian  Language,"  which  is  not  given 
in  CCXVII.  (See  Hakluyt  Society  volume  for  1849,  pp. 
181-196.) 


text,  and  are  written  by  the  same  per- 
son who  added  the  marginal  notes  ; 
but  possibly  these  corrections  were 
made  at  a  later  day  by  the  original 
writer  of  the  MS."  E.  Salmon,  Brit. 
Mus.  April  17,  1884.] 

^  The  Sloane  title  is  different 
(CCXVII.). 

^  These  same  mottoes  were  used  by 
Strachey  on  the  title-page  of  Lawes 
Divine,  Morall  and  Martiall,  etc. 
(CXC).  The  Sloane  motto  is  the 
same  on  both  title-pages ;  namely : 
Psalm  cii.   ver.  18. 

The  Prsemonition  to  the  reader,  of 


about  7,000  words,  defends  the  enter- 
prise against  the  claims  of  Spain, 
etc.  The  first  book,  containing  about 
35,000  words,  is  mainly  descriptive  ; 
but  it  also  gives  something  of  events 
in  Virginia  from  April,  1G07,  to  about 
August,  1611.  Tlie  second  book,  con- 
taining about  14,000  words,  goes  over 
American  discoveries,  etc.,  from  1492 
to  1606,  and  then  gives  an  account  of 
the  Northern  Colony  (1607-8)  nearly 
as  in  XXXVI.  Then  there  is  a  Dic- 
tionarie  of  the  Indian  Language,  The 
second  book  was  published  in  Mass. 
Hist.  Soc.  Coll.  4th  series,  vol.  i.  1852. 


STRACHEY'S  VIRGINIA.  567 

"  A  Short  Dictionary,  added  unto  the  former  Discourses, 
of  the  Indian  Language,  used  within  the  Chessiopioch  Bay ; 
more  perticiderly  about  the  Tract  and  amongst  the  Inhabi- 
taunts  of  the  first  River,  called  by  them  Powhaton,  and  by 
us,  the  Kings  River,  wherin  as  yet  our  Townes,  and  Fortes, 
ar  seated.  By  which,  such  who  shall  be  Imployed  thether 
may  know  the  readyer  how  to  confer,  and  how  to  truck  and 
Trade  with  the  People." 


CCXVII.   STRACHEY'S   VIRGINIA.  —  II. 

The  Strachey  MS.  in  the  Sloane  Collection,  No.  1G22, 
already  referred  to  in  my  notes  on  CCXVI.,  was  published 
by  the  Hakluyt  Society  of  London  in  1849,  to  which  pub- 
lication the  reader  is  referred. 

The  following  are  the  title-pages  of  the  two  books :  — 
''The  First  Booke  of  The  Historic  of  Travaile  into  Vir- 
ginia Britannia,  expressing  The  Cosmographie  and  Como- 
dities  of  The  Country,  Togither  with  the  Manners  And 
Customes  of  The  People :  —  Gathered  And  Observed  As 
Well  By  Those  who  went  First  Thither,  As  Collected  By 
William  Strachey,  gent.,  Three  yeares  thither  Imployed 
secretarie  of  State,  And  of  Counsaile  with  the  Right  Hon- 
orable The  Lord  La-Warre,  His  Majesties  Lord  Governor 
and  Capt.  Generall  of  The  Colony.  Psalm.  CII.  Ver.  18. 
This  shalbe  written  for  the  generation  to  come  :  and  The 
people  which  shalbe  created  shall  praise  the  Lord." 

"  The  Second  Book  of  The  First  Decade  of  The  Historic 
of  Travaile  into  Virginia-Britannia,  entreating  of  the  First 
Discoverie  of  The  Country,  and  of  the  first  Colonic,  Trans- 
ported by  Sir  Richard  Greenville,  Knight,  upon  the  Island 
of  Roanoak,  at  the  Expence  and  charge  of  Sir  Walter  Ral- 
eigh, knight. 

"  As  also  of  the  Northern  Colonic,  seated  upon  the  River 
of  Sachadehoc,  Transported  Anno  1585,  [1607  ?],  at  the 
charge  of  Sir  John  Popham,  Knight,  Late  Lord  Chiefe 
Justice  of  England,  gathered  by  William  Strachey,  gent. 


568  PERIOD  III.    NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

"  Psalm  CII,  Ver.  18.  This  shalbe  written  for  the  gen- 
eration to  come ;  and  the  people  which  shalbe  created  shall 
praise  the  Lord." 

I  think  Straehey  refers  to  this  compilation  in  his  prose 
preface  to  CXC,  where  he  promises  in  the  course  of  time  to 
submit  to  the  views  of  "The  Committies,"  etc.,  "  The  full 
Star  ley  ^  both  of  Virginia  and  the  Bermudas.  He  evidently 
planned  a  large  work,  but  whether  his  plan  was  carried  out 
or  not  is  uncertain.  Only  the  manuscript  of  the  first  and 
second  books  of  the  first  decade  has  been  found.  It  was 
evidently  a  personal  venture,  and  Straehey  certainly  met 
with  no  encouragement  in  publishing  such  a  work  at  this 
time,  from  The  Committies  of  the  Company,  and  after  sev- 
eral trials  he  failed  to  find  a  patron  elsewhere.  We  know 
but  little  of  Straehey ;  his  command  of  language  seems  to 
me  very  striking,  and  his  initials,  W.  S.,  are  the  most  inter- 
esting of  the  period. 


CCXVIII.  FROM  STOWS  CHRONICLE. 

"  The  29.  of  June  1612  [at  the  West  end  of  Saint  Paules 
Church]  began  a  great  Lottery  in  London,  the  greatest  Lot 
or  prize  was  a  thousand  pound  in  plate."  —  Stow's  Chroni- 
cle abridged  by  Howes. 

The  following^  relates  to  one  of  the  first  lotteries  which  I 
have  found  mentioned  in  English  history  :  — 

"  A  great  Lotterie  being  holden  at  London  in  Paules 
Church  yard,  at  the  West  doore  was  begun  to  be  drawne  the 
11.  of  Januarie  and  continued  day  and  night  till  the  V^  of 
May  1569,  when  the  said  drawing  was  fully  ended.  The 
prizes  consisted  of  plate,  and  the  profits  were  appropriated 
to  the  repair  of  the  sea-ports."  The  troubles  with  Spain 
were  then  brewing  over  the  Hawkins  incident  at  Vera  Cruz, 
etc. 


CHAMBERLAIN  TO  CARLETON.  569 

CCXIX.  CHAMBERLAIN  TO  CARLETON. 
Chamberlain  to  Carleton,  July  9,  1612. 

"  My  very  goode  Lorde  :  the  Spanish  ambassador,  Don 
Pedro  de  Cuniga  marques  de  villa  Flores  had  his  first  audi- 
ence on  Sonday  last  at  Hampton  court,  wherin  he  was  very 
short  and  in  a  manner  did  only  shew  his  letters  of  credence, 
referring  the  rest  of  his  message  to  a  more  private  hearing  : 
which  is  appointed  him  tomorrow  at  Whitehall,  whether  the 
K.  comes  this  day  for  that  purpose,  having  past  all  this 
weeke  at  Windsor  and  therabout.  The  K.  makes  haste  to 
dispatch  him,  and  when  he  hath  heard  what  he  can  say, 
meanes  to  invite  him  to  Tiballs  [Theobalds]  and  feast  him 
there  on  Sonday,  and  so  to  dismisse  him. 

"  I  have  yt  from  a  goode  hand  that  besides  matter  of 
ceremonie  and  acquainting  the  K.  with  the  reasons  of  these 
late  contracts  with  Fraunce  a  principall  part  of  his  errand 
is  to  cleere  him  self  e  of  some  imputations  laide  upon  him  by 
the  Lord  Treasurer  [Cecil]  about  the  powder  treason,  and 
to  have  cried  quittance  with  him  (yf  he  had  ben  alive)  in 
accusing  him  of  some  unwarrantable  practises.  He  lies  at 
the  Ambassador  lidgers^  house,  refusing  to  be  lodged  or 
defrayed  by  the  King  because  he  understoode  his  entertain- 
ment was  not  like  to  be  aunswerable  in  every  point  to  that 
of  the  D.  of  Buillon.  Yt  is  generally  looked  for  that  he 
will  expostulate  about  our  planting  in  Virginia,  wherin 
there  will  need  no  great  contestation,  seeing  yt  is  to  be 
feared  that  that  action  will  fall  to  the  ground  of  ytself,  by 
the  extreem  beastly  ydlenes  of  our  nation,  which  (notwith- 
standing any  cost  or  diligence  used  to  support  them)  will 
rather  die  and  starve  then  be  brought  to  any  labor  or  Indus- 
trie to  maintain  themselves,  two  or  three  of  the  last  ships 
that  came  thence  bring  nothing  but  discomfort,  and  that 
Sir  Thomas  Gates  and  Sir  Thomas  Dale  are  quite  out  of 
hart,  and  to  mend  the  matter  not  past  five  days  since  here 

^  Velasco. 


570  PERIOD   III.    NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

arrived  a  sliip^  with  ten  men,  (who  being  sent  foorth  to  fish 
for  theyre  releife  and  having  taken  great  store)  have  given 
them  the  sHp  and  run  away,  and  fill  the  towne  with  yll 
reports,  which  will  hinder  that  business  more  then  the  Lot- 
terie  or  any  other  art  they  can  use  for  the  present  will  fur- 
ther yt.  and  yet  they  have  taken  goode  order  to  have  these 
runaways  apprehended  and  punished  or  at  least  sent  backs 
again.   .   .  . 

"  From  London  this  9*^  of  July  1612. 

"  Your  Lordships  to  command 

"  John  Chamberlaine." 


CCXX.   THE   LOTTERY   DRAWING. 

"  The  King's  Majestie  in  special  favor  for  the  present 
plantation    of    Eng-lish    Collonies    in    Virgfinia, 

A  Lottery.         ^  °  ,  .  fe>  ' 

granted  a  liberall  Lottery,  in  which  was  con- 
tained five  thousand  pound  in  prizes  certayne,  besides  re- 
T. ,.       .1      wardes  of  casualtie  and  beo^an  to  be  drawne,  in  a 

It  began  the  _  "  "^ 

29.  of  June      new  built  house  at  the  West  end  of  Paul's  the  29. 
the  20.  of        of  June  1612  ;  But  of  which  Lottery,  for  want 
^^'  of  filling  uppe  the  number  of  lots,  there  were 

then  taken  out  and  throwne  away  three  score  thousande 
blanckes,  without  abating  of  any  one  prize  -,  and  by  the 
twenteth  of  July,  all  was  drawne  and  finished.  This  Lot- 
tery was  so  plainely  carryed  and  honestly  performed  that  it 
gave  full  satisfaction  to  all  persons.  Thomas  Sharplisse,  a 
Taylor  of  London,  had  the  chiefe  prize,  viz  ;  foure  thou- 
sand crownes  in  fayre  plate,  which  was  sent  to  his  house  in 
very  stately  manner,     during  the  whole  tyme  of  drawing  of 

^  The  Trial,  I  suppose,  which  ship  England  to  displant  the  French  CoUo- 
had  arrived  in  Virginia  in  August,  nie  there,  the  which  as  I  after  heard 
1611,  and  probably  remained  there  was  Valliantly  performed."  See  "  A 
until  Percy  returned  in  her  for  Eng-  Trewe  Relacyon  of  the  procedeinges 
land,  April  22,  1612,  and  after  a  long  and  ocurentes  of  momeute  which  have 
and  dangerous  voyage  "  anchored  in  hapened  in  Virginia  .  .  .  1609  untill 
Dover  Roade  where  we  did  mete  with  .  .  .  1612,"  by  George  Percy,  writ- 
s' Samuell   Argall   bownde  for  New  ten  about  1626. 


SIR   HENRY  HOBART 
Chief  Justice 


RECORDS  OF  ST.  MARY,  COLECHURCH  571 

this  Lottery,  tliere  was  alwaies  present  divers  worsliipfuU 
Knights  and  Esquiers  accompanied  with  sundry  grave  dis- 
creet Cittizens."  —  Howes'  Chronicle,  edition  of  1615.  See 
CCXVIII.  also. 

"  A  Lottery  granted  for  the  Plantation  of  Virginia, 
1612. 

"  About  this  time  [June,  1612]  the  King,  in  special 
favour  to  the  present  plantation  of  the  English  Colonies  in 
Virginia,  granted  a  Lottery,  to  be  held  at  the  West-end  of 
Paul's  whereof  one  Thomas  Sharplys  a  Taylor  of  London, 
had  the  chief  prize,  which  was  four  thousand  crowns  in  fair 
plate."  —  Baker's  Chronicles. 

"  One  byrcle  in  the  hande  is  worth  two  in  the  woode 
If  we  get  the  great  lot,  it  will  do  us  goode." 

July  2,  1612.  "Master  Welby,  entered  at  Stationer's 
Hall  for  publication.  Under  the  hands  of  Sir  Thomas 
Smithe  —  A  booke  called,  The  Lottery  for  Virginea  opened 
the  xxix*^  of  June  1612,  declaringe  the  names  of  suche  as 
have  prices  or  rewardes." 

July  17.  "  Master  Welbye  entred  for  his  copy  in  full 
courte  holden  this  day,  and  under  the  hand  of  Sir  Thomas 
Smithe,  Knighte. 

"  The  Articles  sett  downe  for  the  Second  Lottery."  — 
From  the  Register  of  the  Stationers. 

No  copies  of  these  two  publications,  I  believe,  are  now 
known  to  be  in  existence. 


CCXXI.  RECORDS  OF  ST.  MARY,  COLECHURCH. 

Extract  from  the  vestry  minutes  of  the  Church  of  St. 
Mary,  Colechurch,  "which  anciently  stood  on  the  north 
side  of  the  Poultry,  at  the  South-West  Corner  of  the  Old 
Jewry,  London,  England.  It  was  destroyed  by  the  Great 
Fire,  a.  d.  1666." 

''  Att  A  vestry  Houlden  the  vij*^  daye  of  June  1612  it  is 


279509 


572  PERIOD   III.     NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

agreed  to  adventur  sixe  pounde  of  the  proffitt  of  our 
churclie  stocke  in  the  lottrey  for  the  plantacion  of  Vergenya 
and  what  benifitt  shall  hapen  thereby  shalbe  for  the  good 
of  our  church." 

After  which  is  written  :  — 

"  For  this  adventure  above  written  our  church  had  twoe 
sjwnes  price  twentye  shillinge  as  apereth  in  the  accoumpt 
of  Edward  Draper  then  Elder  Church  Warden." 

CCXXII. 

Extract  from  the  Churchwarden's  book  of  St.  Mary, 
Woolchurch  Hawe,  1612—13  :  "  Received  from  the  lottery 
for  50  lotts  which  was  by  order  of  the  parish  to  be  drawn 
in  twelve  penny  lotts.  <£0.  10s.  Od." 


CCXXIIT.     FLORES   (ZUNIGA)   TO  PHILIP  III. 

GENERAL  ARCHIVES   OF  SIMANCAS.    DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE, 
VOLUME  2589,    FOLIO  61. 

Copy  of  a  deciphered  letter  of  the  Marquess  of  Flores  to  the 

King  of  Spain,  dated  London,  August  1, 1612.     Received 

August  18  (8). 

"  Sire.  — 

"  A  ship  has  arrived  here  from  Viginia,  and  altho'  the 
well-informed  and  others  think  that  that  business  does  not 
grow,  but  rather  continues  to  diminish ;  I  have  been  told 
by  a  friend,  who  tells  me  the  truth,  that  some  of  the  people 
who  have  gone  there,  think  now  some  of  them  should  marry 
the  women  of  the  savages  of  that  country ;  and  he  tells  me 
that  there  are  already  40  or  50  thus  married,  and  other  Eng- 
lishmen after  being  put  among  them  have  become  savages, 
and  that  the  women  whom  they  took  out,  have  also  gone 
among  the  savages,  and  they  have  received  and  treated  them 
well  —  that  a  zealous  minister  of  their  sect  was  seriously 
wounded  in  many  places,  because  he  reprehended  them. 

"  They  have  estabUshed  a  lottery  from  which  they  will 


CHARTER  OF  THE  N.  W.  P.  COMPANY.       573 

obtain  sixty  thousand  ducats,  and  by  these  means  they  will 
dispatch  six  ships,  with  as  many  people  as  they  can  get  by 
such  pretexts. 

"  In  this  beginning  it  will  be  easy  to  drive  those  people 
out  from  there,  and  the  not  punishing  hereof  is  the  cause 
why  they  so  boldly  attempt  other  things,  and  Y.  M.  will  see 
this,  because  already  they  have  houses  and  begin  another 
Colony  in  Newfoundland,  in  those  regions  where  they  have 
their  fisheries.  Now  is  a  very  favorable  time  for  their  pun- 
ishment, because  if  it  is  done,  they  will  see  that  Y.  M.  will 
not  proceed  with  them  altogether  by  demands  (requests, 
petition  &c)  which  has  only  made  them  more  haughty  than 
they  could  hope,  if  relying  upon  their  own  strength  alone. 

"  God  preserve  Y.  M."  etc. 

[Mem.  —  Captain  Samuel  Argall  in  the  Treasurer  was 
"  dispatched  with  Commission  to  displace  the  French,  who 
had  taken  the  opportunitie  to  settle  themselves  within  our 
limits."  .  .  .  See  "  A  Briefe  Relation  of  the  Discoverie  and 
Plantation  of  New-England  .  .  .  1607  ...  to  the  present 
year  1622,"  and  Mr.  Neill's  preface  to  "  Virginia  Vetusta," 
p.  x.  Argall's  commission,  I  fear,  is  now  lost.  He  sailed 
some  time  before  the  23d  of  July,  1612,  on  which  day  "  he 
departed  from  the  coast  of  England."] 

CCXXIV.     CHARTER  OF  THE  N.   W.   P.   COMPANY. 

SAINSBURY'S   CALENDAR  OF  STATE  PAPERS,  COLONIAL, 
EAST  INDIES,  1513-1616,  NUMBER  616. 

Bletsoe,  July  26,  1612.  Grant  incorporating  the  North 
West  Passage  Company. 

The  grant  recites  that  in  Hudson's  voyage,  April,  1610,  to 
October,  1611,  they  had  found  a  strait  or  narrow  sea  by 
which  they  hope  and  purpose  to  advance  a  trade  to  the  great 
kingdoms  of  Tartary,  China,  Japan,  Solomon's  Islands,  Chili, 
the  Philippines,  and  other  countries,  for  the  better  accom- 
plishment and  discovery  of  which  they  have  sued  for  license 


574  PERIOD  III.    NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

to  be  incorporated  into  a  company.     "  In  regard,  it  is  an 
enterprize  tending  to  so  worthy  an  end,  and  which  now  at 
last  after  many  proofs  hath  obtained  so  happy  and  Hkely  a 
beginning,  we  have  thought  of  some  extraordinary  means  to 
grace  and  honour  the  same ; "  and  do  constitute  "  our  dear 
son  [Prince  Henry]  immediately  under  ourselves  (whose  pro- 
tection is  universal)  supreme  protector  of  the  discovery  and 
company,"  and  22  peers,  three  sons  of  peers,  36   knights, 
one  lady,  38  esquires,  and  188  merchants,  etc.,  a  body  corpo- 
rate and  politic  by  the  name  of  the  "  Governor  and  Company 
of  the  Merchants  of  London,  discoverers  of  the  North- West 
Passage."    Sir  Thomas  Smythe,  Sir  Dudley  Diggs,  and  John 
Wolstenholme  having  been  the  first  movers  and  principal 
instruments  of  setting  forth  ships  to  sea  for  accomplishing 
the  discovery.     Sir  Thomas  Smythe  is  appointed  first  gov- 
ernor.    Sir  Robert  Mansell,  Sir  Ja^  Lancaster,  Sir  Dudley 
Diggs,  Wm.  Cockayne,  Fra^  Jones    alderman,   John  Wol- 
stenholme Esq.,  Wm.  Greenwell,  John  Eldred,  Nic  Leate, 
Nic.  Salter,  Robt.  Offley,  Hewett  Stapers,  William  Russell, 
Ric.  Wyche,  Raphe  Freeman,  Wm.  Stone,  Rob*  Middleton, 
Wm.  Harrison,  Morris  Abbott,  Humfrey  Hanforde,  Philip 
Burlamachi,  Abrah.  Chamberlain,  Rob*  Bell,  and  Wm.  Bur- 
rell,  merchants,  the  first  twenty-four  committees  and  direc- 
I  tors.     This  Company  was  "  to  enjoy  forever  the  whole  entire 
and  only  trade  into  the  North  West  passage,  and  unto  the 
lands,   territories,   and   dominions   aforesaid,"  —  i.   e.,  the 
northern  parts  of  America  —  and  "  unto  the  very  territories 
of  Tartaria,  China,  Japan,  Coray,  &c."     Most  of  the  incor- 
porators of  this  company  were  also   members  of  the  East 
India,  the  Muscovy,  and  the  Virginia  companies  of  London. 


FLORES   (ZU5riGA)  TO  PHILIP  III.  575 

CCXXV.     FLORES   (ZUNIGA)   TO  PHILIP  IIL 

GENERAL  ARCHIVES  OF  SIMANCAS.    DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE, 
VOLUME  2589,   FOLIO  67. 

Copy  of  an  original  letter  o£  the  Marquess  de  Floras  to  the 
Kmg  of  Spain,  dated  August  16,  1612. 

"  Sire.  — 

"  I  reported  to  Y.  M.  that  they  have  obtained  from  a  lot- 
tery sixty  thousand  ducats  for  Virginia  matters ;  now  per- 
mission has  been  granted  for  another  lottery  worth  120.000 
ducats,  and  they  will  make  great  haste  to  finish  it  and  will 
send  more  than  two  thousand  men  to  that  country,  because 
they  msli  to  make  another  fortification  on  the  river  below. 
In  order  to  get  the  footing  there,  which  they  desire  to 
obtain,  they  wiU  sell  their  own  children,  to  put  the  Colony 
into  the  best  possible  condition,  which  even  the  well-in- 
formed cannot  deny ! 

"  Don  Alonso  de  Velasco  has  been  told  that  it  is  an  object 
of  ridicule  (a  laughing  stock,  a  shame),  that  this  business 
will  never  come  to  bear  fruit  in  any  way,  for  this  Kingdom. 
I  myself  have  been  assured  by  friends,  that  in  their  ojjinion, 
they  will  very  soon  open  the  port  and  let  them  go  out  to  sea 
as  pirates.  This  is  a  very  shameless  (highhanded)  matter, 
as  I  have  already  told  Y.  M. ;  and  if  Y.  M,  will  command 
them  to  leave  that  country  at  this  time,  it  will  appear  to 
them  as  if  it  had  been  most  courteously  done ;  because  if 
they  should  be  broken  to  pieces,  they  have  no  right  to  com- 
plain of  it.  —  the  whole  thing  is  building  up  stones  without 
any  foundation  [castles  in  the  air]." 

"  Our  Lord  preserve  the  Catholic  Person  of  Y.  M.  as  all 
Christendom  feels  the  need.     London.  Aug*  16.  1612. 

"  The  Marques  de  Flores." 


576  PERIOD   III.    NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

CCXXVI.     PURCHAS   HIS   PILGRIMAGE. 

August  7,  1612,  there  was  entered  at  Stationers'  Hall, 
for  publication,  "  Purchas  his  Pilgrimage,  or  Relations  of 
The  World  and  the  Religions  observed  in  all  Ages  and 
places  Discovered,  from  the  Creation  unto  this  Present.  In 
Foure  Partes.  This  first  contayning  a  Theologicall  and 
Geographicall  Historie  of  Asia,  Africa  and  America,  with 
the  Hands  adjacent.  Declaring  the  ancient  Religions  before 
the  Floud,  the  Heathenish,  Jewish,  and  Saracenicall  in  all 
Ages  since,  in  those  parts  professed,  with  their  severaU 
opinions.  Idols,  Oracles,  Temples,  Priests,  Fasts,  Feasts, 
sacrifices,  and  Rites  Religious :  Their  beginnings,  Proceed- 
ings, Alterations,  Sects,  Orders  and  Successions. 

"  With  briefe  Descriptions  of  The  Countries,  Nations, 
States,  Discoveries :  Private  and  publike  Customs,  and  the 
most  remarkable  Rarities  of  Nature,  or  Humane  Industrie, 
in  the  same  "...  "  By  Samuel  Purchas,  Minister  at  Est- 
wood  in  Essex.  Unus  Deus,  una  Veritas.  London.  Printed 
by  William  Stansby  for  Henrie  Fetherstone  .  .  .  1613." 
Dedicated  to  George,  Archbishop  of  Canterbury. 

The  preface  is  dated  November  5,  1612,  and  the  work 
probably  issued  from  the  press  soon  after.  There  was  a 
second  edition  in  1614,  a  third,  "  much  enlarged  with 
Additions  through  the  whole  Worke,"  in  1617,  and  a 
fourth  in  1626,  which  latter  edition  generally  accompanies 
"  Purchas  his  Pilgrimes  "  as  a  fifth  volume. 

In  the  edition  of  1614,  Purchas  gives  probably  1,000 
words  regarding  the  Northern  Colony,  apparently  compiled 
from  the  writings  of  Christopher  Fortescue,  Thomas  Hanham, 
James  Davies,  John  Eliot,  George  Popham,  "  Let[ter]  to 
S[ir]  J.  Gilbert  and  E.  S[eymour],"  Ralegh  Gilbert,  and 
Edward  Ilarley. 

About  2,500  words  regarding  the  Southern  Colony, 
chiefly  compiled  from  CCXLV.,  but  with  several  extracts 
from  CLXXI.  and  CCX. ;  and  with  reference  also  to  XLIX. 
and  CCXXX.     He  evidently  gives  us  only  what  met  his 


DIGBY  TO  JAMES   I.  577 

own  approbation  and,  therefore,  only  his  own  opinions.  He 
then  gives  about  8,000  words  describing  the  country,  people, 
religious  rites,  etc.,  the  marvelous  always  preferred. 


CCXXVII.     DIGBY  TO  JAMES  I. 

August  21,  1612.     Madrid.     Digby  to  James  I. 

"  I  have  formerly  advertised  your  Majestie  of  a  report 
come  unto  Sevill  that  three  or  foure  of  this  Kings  Galleons 
should  be  cast  away  upon  the  Coast  of  Florida,  which  went 
forth  with  an  intent  to  have  attempted  somewhat  against 
the  Enoflish  Plantation  in  Virg-inea.  But  thouoh  this  newes 
be  not  absolutely  contradicted,  yet  I  can  learne  so  smale 
grownde  for  the  report  therof,  that  I  can  conceave  it  to  be 
likelyer  to  be  untrue  then  otherwise." 


CCXXVIII.     DIGBY  TO  JAMES  I. 

September  1,  1612.     Madrid.     Digbye  to  James  I. 

..."  Has  endeavoured  to  inform  himself  of  the  reasons 
for  the  stay  of  Don  Pedro  de  Cunega  in  England  being 
longer  than  His  Majesty  expected.  That  when  he  was  sent 
from  hence  he  had  three  businesses  in  which  he  was  in- 
structed to  carry  himself  according  to  the  state  he  should 
find  them  in  at  his  coming  thither.  .  .  .  His  second  busi- 
ness was  concerning  Virginea  ;  in  which  he  was  likewise  not 
to  make  any  proposition  unto  your  Majestie,  but  upon  sec- 
ond directions  from  hence,  when  he  should  have  learned  and 
advertised,  what  Your  Majesties  inclination  Avas  and  what 
your  answer  was  like  to  be,  for  that  in  case  he  should  per- 
ceave  that  your  Majestie  was  not  likely  to  give  way  to  that 
which  by  this  King  should  be  propounded,  he  should  avoyd 
the  having  of  a  peremptory  negative  given  unto  his  Master." 

[Mem.  —  A  ship  which  left  Virginia  after  the  28th  of  July 
arrived  in  England  some  time  in  September,  it  seems,  bring- 
ing Whitaker's  letter  (CCXXIX.)  and  book  (CCXXX.),  and 
other  documents  unknown. 


578  PERIOD   III.     NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

No  news  from  Virginia  was  received  in  England  from  the 
date  of  the  arrival  of  this  ship  (probably  the  John  and 
Francis  or  the  Sarah),  about  September,  1612,  until  the 
arrival  of  the  EHzabeth  on  the  20th  of  July,  1613.  And 
this  period  was  the  darkest  hour  "  m  all  that  time  of  three 
years  disaster."] 


CCXXIX.     WHITAKER  TO  SIR  THOMAS  SMYTHE. 

Neither  of  the  following  has  ever  been  published  in  Amer- 
ica, I  believe.  I  can  only  give  extended  extracts  from 
CCXXX.,  as  it  is  too  long  to  publish  entire.  The  fact  that 
it  was  written  in  Virginia  gives  it  an  additional  interest.  I 
quote  from  the  book  as  pubUshed  later  (CCLVIII.)  noting 
the  page  extracted  from. 

"  To  the  Right  Worshipfull  Sir  Thomas  Smith,  Knight, 
Treasurer  of  the  English  Colonic  in  Virginia :  Grace  and 
Peace  be  multipUed. 

"  Right  worshipfull,  the  noblest  attemps  have  alwaies  had 
the  most  doubtfull  beginnings,  most  dangerous  enemies. 
For  wheresoever  any  goodnesse  shall  begin  to  bud  forth, 
the  Divell  will  labour  by  all  meanes  to  nip  it  in  the  head. 
Wherefore,  I  doe  not  marvell  though  there  have  been  great 
discouragements,  and  many  adversaries  of  this  Plantation. 
For  the  Divell  knomng  that  where  Christ  wins,  he  loseth, 
doth  with  all  his  might  and  policie  hinder  the  publishing, 
and  propagation  of  the  Gospell.  Such  was  his  practise  to 
discourage  the  Israelites  from  the  conquest  of  Canaan,  rais- 
ing up  ten  of  their  owne  Princes,  that  weakened  the  hand 
of  their  brethren.  By  his  meanes  also  there  stood  up  some 
of  the  Disciples  that  spake  against  Peter,  for  preaching  the 
Gospell  to  the  Gentiles.  Yea,  God  himselfe  of  purpose  suf- 
fers the  divell  to  rage  thus  for  a  while,  that  those  that  are 
his  mijrht  bee  tried.  And  this  hath  been  the  case  hitherto 
of  this  godly  Plantation,  this  the  successe.  But  since  the 
affairs  of  this  Colony  have  now  taken  better  footing  and  are 


WHITAKER'S   GOOD   NEWS   FROM   VIRGINIA.  579 

advanced  by  the  lielpes  of  so  many  honorable  Adventurers, 
I  was  greatly  emboldened  to  write  these  few  lines  of  Exhor- 
tation, to  encourage  the  noble  Spirits  of  so  many  worthy  men, 
to  goe  forward  in  Wel-doing,  wherefore  (honored  Sii-)  since 
all  the  dispatches  of  our  affaires  passes  through  your  hand,  I 
request  of  you  to  accept  of  my  poore  endeavoui's,  and  to  pub- 
lish it  to  the  view  of  our  Adventurers  that  the  prejudicate 
opinion  of  some,  and  the  disheartened  mind  of  others  may  be 
reformed.  The  God  of  heaven  and  earth  crowne  your  un- 
danted  spirit  with  his  heavenly  reward.  And  Let  the  beautie 
of  the  Lord  our  God  be  upon  us  :  and  direct  thou  the  workes 
of  our  hands  upon  us,  even  direct  thou  our  handie  workes. 

"  From  Henrico,  this  28.  of  Jidy  1612. 

"  Pie  that  daily  prayeth  for  the  prosperitie  of  this  Plan- 
tation. Alexander  Whitaker." 


CCXXX.    WHITAKER'S  GOOD  NEWS  FROM  VIRGINIA. 
"  Good  Newes  From  Virginia.  [p.  1.] 

Text.  "  Ecclesiastes  11.  1.  Cast  Thy  bread  upon  the 
Waters :  for  after  many  daies  thou  shalt  finde  it. 

"  Aude  hospes  contemnere  opes  &  te  quoque  dignum 
Fingfe  Deo. 

"  Be  bould  my  Hearers  to  contemme  riches,  and  frame 
yourselves  to  walke  worthie  of  God ;  for  none  other  be  w^or- 
thie  of  God,  but  those  that  lightly  esteeme  of  riches.  Na- 
kednesse  is  the  riches  of  nature ;  vertue  is  the  only  thing- 
that  makes  us  rich  and  honourable  in  the  eyes  of  wise  men. 
Povertie  is  a  thing  which  most  men  feare,  and  covetous  men 
cannot  endure  to  behold :  yet  povertie  with  a  contented 
mind  is  great  riches :  hee  truly  is  the  onely  poore  man,  not 
that  hath  little,  but  which  continually  desireth  more. 
Riches  (as  they  are  esteemed)  have  no  hmits,  but  still  crie, 
plus  ultra,  still  more.  Neither  is  any  man  absolutely  rich, 
but  in  comparison  of  a  poorer  man,  of  one  (I  meane)  that  hath 
lesse  then  he  :  for  if  he  make  diligent  enquirie,  he  may  finde 


580  PERIOD   III.     NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

divers  richer  then  himselfe :  if  riches  of  gold  and  the  like, 
had  bin  such  as  the  world  doth  esteeme  them,  it  is  not  likely 
that  Jesus  Christ  would  have  taken  so  poore  a  state  upon  him : 
when  we  esteeme  them  at  the  best,  they  are  but  an  heavy 
burthen  to  some,  an  IdoU  to  others,  and  profitable  to  few." 

He  continues  in  the  same  line  (pp.  1-4).  On  the  fourth 
page  of  his  discourse,  referring  to  his  text,  he  says,  "  The 
words  naturally  divide  themselves  into  two  principal  parts. 
A  Commandment  to  be  Liberall  and  Charitable :  and  a 
promise  of  reward,  which  hereafter  we  shall  find.  The 
Commandment  also  containeth  in  it  five  points,  touching 
the  doctrine  of  Liberalitie. 

*^  1.  The  dutie  to  be  performed,  Cast  thy  bread :  be  lib- 
erall to  all. 

"  2.  The  manner  of  bestowing  our  almes,  by  casting  it 
away. 

"  3.  What  is  to  be  given,  Bread ;  all  things  needfuU,  yea, 
and  of  the  best  kind. 

'^  4.  Who  may  be  liberall :  even  those  that  have  it :  Thy 
bread,  it  must  be  thine  owne. 

"5.  To  whom  we  must  be  liberall ;  to  all,  yea,  to  the 
Waters. 

"  First,  we  wil  briefly  speake  of  the  five  points  of  this 
Commandment  as  they  lie  in  order ;  and  then  directly  come 
unto  the  Promise  more  particularly.  The  enjoyned  dutie  is 
Liberalitie,  which  sometimes  is  termed  almes :  sometimes  is 
more  largely  used  for  all  Kind  of  good  workes,  and  very  often 
is  signified  by  the  names  of  Charitie  and  Brotherly  love,"  etc. 

On  pp.  4  to  8,  he  continues  his  discourse  on  the  first  point, 
The  Duty. 

On  pp.  8  to  14,  on  the  second  point,  ^'  the  manner."  For 
this  he  lays  down  five  rules  :  "  First,  that  we  give  in  faith  ;  " 
second,  "  in  love  ;  "  third,  "  bountifully  and  with  a  cheerfuU 
minde ; "  fourth,  "  with  discretion,"  and  "  the  last  rule  of 
giving  is,  that  we  give  in  Justice." 

On  pp.  14  to  17  he  discourses  on  "  thirdly  what  is  to  be 
given  "  .  .  .  "  according  to  the  several  necessities  of  those 


HENRY   HOWARD 
First  Earl  nf  Northamptnu 


WHITAKEll'S   GOOD   NEWS   FROM   VIRGINIA.  581 

that  want.  The  wants  of  men  bee  divers ;  some  are  of 
the  minde,  some  of  the  bodie,  and  some  be  of  the  outward 
goods." 

On  pp.  17  to  19,  on  fourthly,  "  Who  may  properlie  give 
almes,  which  may  easihe  be  determined,  if  we  consider  the 
divers  kinds  of  good  workes  which  wee  have  now  kitely 
rehearsed.  For  hee  that  is  not  able  to  bee  liberall  in  one 
kinde  may  be  fit  for  another."   .  .  . 

"  And  remember  the  poore  estate  of  the  igno-     [p.  18.] 
rant  inhabitants   of    Virginia.     Cast    forth   your 
almes  (my  brethren  of  England)  and  extend  your  liberality 
on  these  charitable  workes,  which  God  hath  called  you  to 
performe.     Let  not  the  servants  of  superstition, 
that  tliinke    to  merit    by  their  good  workes  (as     [p.  19.] 
they  terme  them)  goe  beyond  us  in  well  doing ; 
neither  let  them  be  able  to  open  their  mouths  against  us, 
and  to  condemne  the  religion  of  oiu^  Protestation,  for  want 
of  charitable  deeds. 

"  It  may  bee  some  men  will  say  the  worke  is  great,  I  am 
not  able  to  relieve  it ;  I  answer  the  work  is  such  and  such 
order  is  now  taken,  that  those  that  cannot  give  much,  may 
be  liberall  in  a  little.  Those  that  cannot  helj)e  in  monies 
by  reason  of  their  poverty,  may  venture  their  persons  hither, 
and  lieere  not  only  serve  God,  but  helpe  also  these  poore 
Indians,  and  build  a  sure  foundation  for  themselves,  but  if 
you  can  do  neither  of  these,  then  send  your  earnest  prayers 
to  God  for  the  prosperity  of  this  worke." 

On  pp.  19  to  28  he  dwells  on  the  fifth  point,  "  To  whome 
we  are  to  bee  liberall."  Under  this  heading  he  says,  on  p. 
21 :  "  Wherfore,  since  God  hath  opened  the  doore  of  Vir- 
ginia, to  our  Countrey  of  England,  we  are  to  thinke  that 
God  hath,  as  it  were,  by  word  of  mouth  called  us  in,  to 
bestow  our  severall  charity  on  them."  He  then  goes  on 
(pp.  21  to  28)  to  make  an  earnest  appeal  in  behalf  of  the 
enterprise ;  and  the  Apostle  does  not  forget  to  send  from 
Henrico,  in  Virginia,  to  the  men  of  means  in  (pp.  24-28) 
England,  a  fervent  prayer  in  behalf  of  the  Indians,  "  the 


582  PERIOD  III.     NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

naked  slaves  of  the  divell."  Mr.  Neill,  in  his  "  Virginia 
Company  of  London,"  pp.  78-81,  has  made  some  extracts 
from  Whitaker's  discourse  on  the  fifth  point. 

Pages  28  to  44  he  devotes  to  "  the  promise  more  partic- 
ularly "  —  "  For  after  many  days  thou  shalt  find  it."  —  He 
prepares  the  way  with  a  scriptural  discourse,  and  then  makes 
his  point :  ''  Let  then  your  liberall  minds  (you 
[p.  32.]  honorable  and  charitable  Adventm-ers  of  Virginia) 
be  stirred  up  to  cast  your  almes  on  the  waters  of 
Virginia,  without  hope  of  present  profit.  .  .  .  The  husband- 
man casting  his  seed  into  the  earth,  waiteth  upon  God  untill 
Harvest  for  a  fruitful  crop.  .  .  .  God  will  not  yet  reward 
you,  that  he  may  make  you  more  famous  in  the  world.  .  .  . 
The  worke  is  honourable,  and  now  more  then  ever,  sustained 
by  most  honorable  men.  0  let  us  not  then  be  weary  of 
well-doing :  fortie  yeares  were  expired,  before  Israel  could 
plant  in  Canaan,  and  yet  God  had  called  them  by  the  word 
of  his  mouth,  had  led  them  himself e  by  an  high 
[p.  33.]  hand.  .  .  .  Shall  our  Nation,  hitherto  famous  for 
noble  attempts,  and  the  honorable  finishing  of 
what  they  have  undertaken,  be  now  taxed  for  inconstancie, 
and  blamed  by  the  enemies  of  our  protestation,  for  unchari- 
tableness?  Yea,  shall  we  be  a  scorne  among  Princes,  and 
a  laughing  stocke  among  our  neighbour  Nations,  for  basely 
leaving  what  we  honorably  began ;  yea,  for  beginning  a 
Discoverie,  which  riches  other  men  shall  gather,  so  soone  as 
we  have  forsaken  it  ?  Awake  you  true  hearted  Englishmen, 
you  servants  of  Jesus  Christ,  remember  that  the  Plantation 
is  Gods,  and  the  reward  your  countries." 

He  then  goes  on  to  strengthen  his  position  (pp.  34—35) 
with  scriptural  illustrations ;  and  then  tells  of  the  various 
rewards  of  faith,  of  love,  "  the  [p.  36]  meanes  to  helpe  our 
soules  forward  in  their  passage  to  heaven,"  of  good  works, 
etc. 

"  Thus  shall  the  Lord  abundantly  reward  our  soules  for 
our  liberalitie,  and  many  waies  more  besides  if  we  bee  truly 
charitable.     But  the  bountie  of  God  would  have  us  to  tast 


WHITAKER'S  GOOD  NEWS  FROM   VIRGINIA.  583 

of  some  temporall  blessings  besides,  and  after  a  [p,  37.] 
few  daies,  if  we  be  cheeref uU  givers,  returne  a  plen- 
tiful! reward  home  unto  us.  Wherefore  that  I  mio;ht  con- 
tent  the  longing  minds  of  every  man,  I  thought  it  fit  in 
the  last  place  to  recite  a  few  commodities  which  in  short 
time  we  may  finde  here  in  Virginia,  for  the  charitie  bestowed 
in  this  Plantation. 

^ "  The  whole  Continent  of  Virg-inia  situate  within  the 
degrees  of  34.  and  47.  is  a  place  beautified  by  God,  with  all 
the  ornaments  of  nature,  and  enriched  with  his  earthly 
treasures  :  that  part  of  it,  which  we  already  possesse,  begin- 
ning at  the  Bay  of  Chesapheac,  and  stretching  itselfe  in 
Northerly  latitude  to  the  degrees  of  39.  and  40.  is  interlined 
with  seven  most  goodly  Rivers,  the  least  whereof  is  equall 
to  our  River  of  Thames :  "  etc.  He  describes  the  location 
and  convenience  of  these  rivers,  etc. 

"  The  River  which  we  inhabit  (commonly  called  [p.  38.] 
Powhatans  River)  ebbeth  and  floweth  140.  miles 
into  the  maine ;  at  the  mouth  whereof  are  the  two  Forts 
of  Henrico  and  Charles :  42  miles  upwards  is  the  first  and 
mother  Christian  towne  seated,  called  James-Towne,  and  70. 
miles  beyond  that  upwards  is  the  new  towne  of  Henrico  buUt, 
and  so  named  in  the  memorie  of  the  Noble  Prince  Henry 
of  lasting  and  blessed  memorie :  ^  tenne  miles  beyond  this 
Towne  is  a  place  called  the  Fals,  because  the  River  hath 
there  a  great  descent  falling  downe  betweene  many  mineral 
Rocks  which  bee  there:  twelve  miles  farther  beyond  this 
place  there  is  a  Christall  Rocke  wherewith  the  Indians  doe 
head  many  of  their  arrowes :  Three  dayes  journey  from 
thence  there  is  a  rocke  or  stonie  hill  ^  found,  which  is  in  the 

1  The  Narration  of  the  Present  State  ^  The   day's   journey   is    indefinite. 

af  that  Countrey,  and  our  Colonies  there,  The    English,  probably   about   fifteen 

mentioned  on  the  published  title-page  miles,  the  Indian,  much  farther.     This 

(see  CCLVIII.)  begins  here  and  con-  mine  is  said  to  have  been  found  by  a 

tinues  to  the  end.  Dutcliman.     The  locality  was  in  what 

^  Crashaw    evidently    revised    this  is  now  known  as  the  eastern  gold  belt 

before  publication,  as  Whitaker  could  of    Virginia.     We    are    again   giving 

not  have  known  of  the  death  of  Prince  proper  attention   to   our   minerals   in 

Henry  when  he  wrote.  Virginia. 


584  PERIOD  III.    NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

top  covered  all  over  with  a  perfect  and  most  rich  silver  oare. 
Our  men  that  went  to  discover  those  parts  had  but  two  iron 
pickaxes  with  them,  and  those  so  ill  tempered  that  the 
points  of  them  turned  againe  and  bowed  at  every  stroake, 
so  that  wee  could  not  search  the  entrailes  of  ye  place,  yet 
some  triall  was  made  of  that  oare  with  good  successe,  and 
argument  of  much  hope.  Sixe  daies  journey  beyond  this 
Mine  a  ofreat  rido^e  of  liiofh  hils  ^  doe  runne  along;  the  maine 
land,  not  farre  from  whom  the  Indians  report  a  great  Sea 
doth  runne,  which  we  commonly  call  a  South  Sea,  but  in 
respect  of  our  habitation  is  a  West  Sea,  for  there  the  sunne 
setteth  from  us.  The  higher  ground  is  much  like  unto  the 
molde  of  France,  clay  and  sand  being  proportionably  mixed 

together  at  the  top  ;  but  if  we  digge  any  depth  (as 
[p.  39.]     wee  have  done  for  our  bricks)  wee  finde  it  to  bee 

redde  clay,  full  of  glistering  spangles.  There  bee 
many  rockie  places  in  all  quarters ;  and  more  than  probable 
likehehoods  of  rich  Mines  of  all  sorts :  though  I  kncAv  all,  yet 
it  were  not  convenient  at  this  time  that  I  should  utter  all, 
neither  have  we  had  meanes  to  search  for  anything  as  wee 
ought,  thorough  present  want  of  men,  and  former  wants  of 
provision  for  the  belly.  As  for  Iron,  Steele,  Antimonium, 
and  Terra  sigillata,  they  have  rather  offered  themselves  to 
our  eyes  and  hands,  then  bin  sought  for  of  us.  The  aire  of 
the  Countrey  (especially  about  Henrico  and  upward)  is  very 
temperate  and  agreeth  v/ell  with  our  bodies.  The  extremitie 
of  Sommer  is  not  so  hot  as  Spaine,  nor  the  colde  of  Winter 
so  sharpe  as  the  frosts  of  England.  The  Spring  and  Har- 
vest are  the  two  longest  seasons  and  most  pleasant,  the 
Summer  and  Winter  are  both  but  short :  The  Winter  is  for 
the  most  part  drie  and  faire,  but  the  Summer  watered  often 
with  many  great  and  suddaine  shewers  of  raine ;  whereby 
the  cold  of  Winter  is  warmed,  and  the  heate  of  Summer 
cooled.  .  .  . 

^  The    Appalachian    system,    in    a  miles  ;  but  Whitaker's  day's  journey 

direct  line,  is  about  100  miles  from  the  probably  applied  to  the  devious  route 

falls,  westward  — 12  miles  -\-  3  days'  of  the  Indians, 
journey  -|-  6  days'  journey  =  say,  150 


"WHITAKER'S  GOOD   NEWS  FROM  VIRGINIA.  585 

"  The  naturall  people  of  the  Land  are  to  be  [p.  40.] 
feared  of  those  that  come  upon  them  without  defen- 
sive Armour,  but  otherwise  faint-hearted  (if  they  see  their 
Arrowes  cannot  pearce)  and  easie  to  be  subdued.  Shirts  of 
Male,  or  quilted  cotton  coates  are  the  best  defence  against 
them.  There  is  but  one  or  two  of  their  pettie  Kings,  that 
for  feare  of  us  have  desired  our  friendship.  .  .  .  Our  eldest 
friends  bee  Pipsco  and  Choapoke,  who  are  our  over  thwart 
neighbors  at  James-Towue,  and  have  been  friendly  to  us  in 
oiu*  great  want.  The  other  is  the  Werewance  of  Chescheak^ 
who  but  lately  traded  Avith  us  peaceably.  If  we  were  once 
the  masters  of  their  Countrey,  and  they  stood  in  feare  of  us 
(which  might  with  few  hands  imployed  about  nothing  else, 
be  in  short  time  brought  to  passe)  it  were  an  easie  matter  to 
make  them  willingly  to  forsake  the  divell,  to  embrace  the 
faith  of  Jesus  Christ,  and  to  be  baptized.  Besides,  you  can- 
not easihe  judge  how  much  they  would  be  availeable  to  us  in 
our  discoveries  of  the  Countrey,  in  our  buildings  and  plant- 
ings, and  quiet  provisions  for  ourselves,  when  we  may  peace 
ably  passe  from  place  to  place  without  neede  of  amies  or 
guarde. 

"  The  meanes  for  our  people  to  Uve  and  subsist  [p.  41.] 
here  of  themselves  are  many  and  most  certaine 
both  for  Beasts,  Birds,  Fish  and  Hearbes.  The  beasts  of 
the  countrey  are  for  the  most  part  wilde :  as  Lions,  Beares, 
Wolves  and  Deare :  Foxes  blacke  and  red,  Rakowns,  Be- 
vers,  Possowns,  Squerrels,  Wilde-Cats,  whose  skinnes  are  of 
great  price,  and  Muske-Rats  which  yeelde  Muske  as  the 
Muske-Cats  doe.  There  be  two  kindes  of  beasts  amongst 
these  most  strange :  one  of  them  is  the  female  Possown, 
which  will  let  forth  her  young  out  of  her  bellie  and  take 
them  up  into  her  bellie  againe  at  her  pleasure  without  hurt 
to  herselfe,  neither  think  this  to  be  a  Travellers  tale,^  but 

'  Doubtless  the  people  In  England  traits  has  created  in  Virginia  a  new 
heard  many  "  a  traveler's  tale  "  from  word,  nearly  allied  to  "a  traveler's 
Virginia;  but  the  "Possown"  (opos-  tale,"  namely,  "possuming,"  i.  e.,  de- 
sum)  is  a  curious  animal,  one  of  whose  ceiving. 


586  PERIOD  III.    NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

the  very  truth ;  for  nature  hath  framed  her  fit  for  that 
Service,  my  eyes  have  been  witnes  unto  it,  and  we  have  sent 
of  them  and  their  young  ones  into  England.  The  other 
strange  conditioned  creature  is  the  flying  squirrell,  which 
through  the  helpe  of  certaine  broad  flaps  of  skin  growing  on 
each  side  of  her  forelegs,  will  flie  from  tree  to  tree  20.  or  30. 
paces  at  one  flight  and  more,  if  we  have  the  benefit  of  a 
small  breath  of  winde.  Besides  these,  since  our  coming 
hither,  wee  have  brought  both  Kine,  Goats  and  Hogges, 
which  prosper  well,  and  would  multiplie  exceedingly  if  they 
might  be  provided  for.  This  countrey  besides  is  replenished 
with  birds  of  al  sorts  which  have  bin  the  best  sustenance  of 
flesh,  which  our  men  have  had  since  they  came  ;  also  Eagels, 
and  Hawkes  of  all  sorts,  amongst  whom  are  Ausprech,  fish- 
ing Hawke,  and  the  Cormorant.     The  woods  be  every  where 

ful  of  wilde  Turkies  which  abound,  and  will  runne 
[p.  42.]     as  swift  as  a  Grey-hound.     In  Winter  our  fields  be 

full  of  Cranes,  Herons,  Pigeons,  Partridges  and 
Blackbirds :  the  rivers  and  creekes  bee  over  spread  every- 
where with  water-foule  of  the  greatest  and  least  sort,  as 
Swans,  flocks  of  Geese  &  Brants,  Duck  and  Mallard,  Shel- 
drakes, Dyvers,  &c.  besides  many  other  kinds  of  rare  and 
delectable  birds,  whose  names  and  natures  I  cannot  yet 
recite,  but  we  want  the  means  to  take  them.  The  Rivers 
abound  with  Fish  both  small  and  great :  the  sea  Fish  come 
into  our  Rivers  in  March  and  continue  untill  the  end  of 
September :  great  seniles  of  Herings  come  in  first :  shads  of 
a  great  bignesse,  and  the  Rock-fish  follow  them.  Trouts, 
Base,  Flounders,  and  other  daintie  fish  come  in  before  the 
others  be  gone :  then  come  multitudes  of  great  sturgeons, 
whereof  we  catch  many,  and  should  do  more ;  but  that  we 
want  good  nets  answerable  to  the  breadth  and  deapth  of  our 
Rivers  :  besides  our  channels  are  so  foule  in  the  bottom  with 
great  logs  and  trees,  that  we  often  break  our  nets  upon 
them :  I  cannot  reckon  nor  give  proper  names  to  the  divers 
kinds  of  fresh  fish  in  our  rivers ;  I  have  caught  with  mine 
angle,  Pike,  Carpe,  Eele,  Perches  of  sixe  severall  kindes, 


WHITAKER'S  GOOD  NEWS  FROM  VIRGINIA.  587 

Crea-fish  and  the  Torope  or  little  Turtle,  besides  many 
smaller  kinds.  Wherefore,  since  God  hath  filled  the  ele- 
ments of  the  earth,  aire  and  waters  with  his  creatures,  good 
for  our  food  and  nourishment,  let  not  the  feare  of  starving 
hereafter,  or  any  great  want,  dishearten  your  valiant  minds 
from  comming  to  a  place  of  so  great  plentie  :  if  the  Countrey 
were  ours,  and  meanes  for  the  taking  of  them 
(which  shortly  I  hojDe  shall  bee  brought  to  passe.)  [p.  43.] 
then  all  these  shall  be  ours :  we  have  them  now, 
but  we  are  fain  to  fight  for  them,  then  should  we  have  them 
without  that  trouble.   .   .   . 

"But  these  are  not  all  the  commodities  which  we  may 
finde  heere :  for  the  earth  Avill  yeelde  much  more  fruit  to 
our  industrial  labours,  as  hath  been  proved  by  the  Corne  and 
other  things  which  wee  have  planted  this  last  yeare.  I  have 
made  proofe  of  it  with  the  helpe  of  three  more,  being  a 
strano'er  to  that  business  and  havino;  not  a  bodie  inured  to 
such  labour,  and  set  so  much  corne  horis  sitcclsinis  iinius 
sejjtimance,  in  the  idle  howers  of  one  weeke,  as  will  suffice 
me  for  bread  one  quarter  of  a  yeare  :  and  one  commoditie 
is  besides  in  this  corne,  that  from  the  time  of  setting,  unto 
the  time  of  gathering,  five  moneths  will  abundantly  suffice : 
for  we  set  corne  from  the  beginninge  of  March,  until  the 
end  of  May,  and  reape  or  gather  in  Julie,  August  &  Sep- 
tember. Our  English  seeds  thrive  very  well  heere,  as  Peas, 
Onions,  Turnips,  Cabbages,  Coleflowers,  Garrets,  Time, 
Parseley,  Hysop,  Marjoram,  and  many  other  whereof  I  have 
tasted  and  eaten. 

"  What  should  I  name  unto  you  the  divers  sorts  of  trees, 
sweete  woods  and  Physicall  plants :  the  divers  kind  of 
Oakes  and  Walnut  trees.  The  Pines,  Pitch-Trees,  Soape- 
aslies  trees,  Sassafras,  Cedar,  Ash,  Maple,  Cypress, 
and  many  more  which  I  dailie  see  and  admire  at  [p.  44.] 
the  beautie  and  riches  which  God  hath  bestowed, 
upon  this  people,  that  yet  know  not  how  to  use  them. 

"  Wherefore  you  (right  wise  and  noble  Adventurers  of 
Virginia)  whose  hearts  God  hath  stu-red  up  to  build  him  a 


588  PERIOD  III.    NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

Temple,  to  make  him  an  house,  to  conquer  a  Kingclome  for 
him  heere  :  be  not  discouraged  with  those  many  lamentable 
assaults  that  the  divell  hath  made  against  us :  he  now 
rageth  most,  because  he  knoweth  this  Kingdome  is  to  have 
a  short  end.  Goe  forward  boldly,  and  remember  that  you 
fight  under  the  banner  of  Jesus  Christ,  that  you  plant  his 
Kingdome,  who  hath  already  broken  the  Serpents  head  : 
God  may  deferre  his  temporall  reward  for  a  season,  but  be 
assured  that  in  the  end  you  shall  find  riches  and  honour  in 
this  world,  and  blessed  immortality  in  the  world  to  come. 
And  you  my  brethren,  my  fellow  labourers,  send  up  your 
earnest  prayers  to  God  for  his  church  in  Virginia,  that  since 
his  harvest  heere  is  great,  but  the  labourers  few,  hee  would 
thrust  forth  labourers  into  his  harvest ;  and  pray  also  for 
me  that  the  ministration  of  his  Gospell  may  be  powerfull 
and  effectuall  by  me  to  the  salvation  of  many,  and  advance- 
ment of  the  Kingdome  of  Jesus  Christ  to  whom  with  the 
Father  and  the  holy  Spirit,  bee  all  honour  and  glorie  for 
evermore,  Amen." 


CCXXXI.   DIGBY  TO  JAMES  I. 

September  13,  1612.     Madrid.     Digby  to  James  I. 

..."  It  is  here  held  for  certayne  that  this  King  will 
not  permit  Our  plantation  at  Virginea,  and  the  Bermudas, 
in  so  much  that  it  is  here  publiquely  and  avowedly  spoken 
in  the  Court,  that  they  will  shortly  attempt  the  removing  of 
them.  And  I  have  Letters  from  some  in  the  Fleete  with 
Don  luys  de  Fajardo,  who  is  now  at  Cales  ready  to  put  to 
sea,  that  so  soone  as  he  hath  conducted  home  the  West 
Indian  Fleet,  he  shall  goe  to  the  Havana  and  winter  there ; 
and  from  thence  in  the  begmning  of  the  Spring  shall 
attempt  Verginea.  But  therunto  I  give  not  much  credit, 
for  that  I  ^m  informed  here  from  good  part,  that  there 
hath  beene  of  late,  a  consultation  and  almost  a  resolution 
taken,  that  one  Don  Diego  Brochero,  now  of  the  Councell 
of  Warre,  and  a  greate  Commander  at  Sea,  shall  have  the 


NORTHAMPTON   TO   JAMES   I.  589 

conducting  of  this  enterprise,  and  that  he  shall  goe  from 
Portugall,  where  this  King's  Navie  is  commanded  to  meete, 
under  CuUor  and  pretence  of  the  King's  remayning  at  Lis- 
bone.  But  of  these  thins^s  I  shall  use  all  the  dillic^ence  I 
may,  to  attayne  unto  the  truthe." 


CCXXXII.   NORTHAMPTON  TO  JAMES  I. 

The  whole  letter  is  published  in  "  The  Magazine  of 
American  History,"  vol.  viii.  pp.  505-507  (1882).  It  was 
evidently  written  after  the  return  of  the  Plough  from  the 
Bermudas  early  in  September,  1612,  probably  on  Sunday, 
September  14. 

"  Henry  Earl  of  Northampton  to  the  Kinges  (Jame  I.) 
sacred  and  Royall  Maiesty. 

"  From  Greenwich,  Sunday  at  xii. 

"  Most  excellent,  most  gratiouse,  most  redoubted  and 
deer  soveraine."  [Sends  three  advertisements,  which  re- 
mind him  of  the  roses,  violets,  and  gilly  flowers  he  used  to 
send  to  his  Majesty  from  thence.  The  first  concerns  the 
archduke ;  the  second,  the  Muscovy  Company,  who  have 
prospered  strangely,  got  within  nine  degrees  of  the  pole, 
saw  700  whales,  and  brought  home  seventeen  ;  the  third ;] 
"  Another  companie  are  in  like  sorte  advertised  of  the  safe 
arrivall  of  their  shippes  in  the  Bermudos  upon  which  Hand 
the  Spaniardes  affrighted  and  dismaied  with  the  frequencie 
of  Hurricanes  wliich  they  ever  meete  about  that  place  durst 
not  adventur  but  calle  it  Dcemoniorinn  insulam.  But  from 
this  Hand  of  Devilles  our  men  have  sent  some  amber  and 
some  seede  perles  for  an  assaie  which  the  Devilles  of  the 
Bermudos  love  not  better  to  retaine  then  the  Angeles  of 
Castile  doo  to  recover.  The  place  aboundes  in  swine  in 
fowle  and  fishe,  which  moves  our  men  to  growe  more  con- 
fident in  the  safe  possessione  of  a  place  which  they  have 
possessed  so  peaceably."  [Wonders  the  people  who  thrive 
so  well  under  his  Majesty  are  not  more  thankful  to  him, 


590  PERIOD   III.     NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

etc.]  "  I  humbly  and  affectionately  Kisse  your  M"^  faire 
hande  and  prayinge  for  your  preservation  as  for  my  sowle 
live  and  die. 

"  Your  M*'^  most  affectionat  humble  and  loyall  servant 
and  subject  till  death. 

"  H.  Northampton." 

CCXXXIII.   DIGBY  TO  CARLETON. 

September  22.  "  Sir  John  Digby  to  S""  Dudley  Carleton. 
.  .  .  There  is  nothing  so  generally  spoaken  of  in  this  Courte 
as  their  intent  to  remove  Our  plantation  in  Virginia.  And 
for  myne  owne  parte,  I  am  of  beliefe,  that  the  Spaniards 
will  serve  us,  as  tliei  did  the  Frenchmen  in  Florida,  unles 
wee  undertake  ye  business  much  more  throughly  and 
roundely,  then  hitherto  wee  have  donne.  But  heereof, 
thei  have  had  sufficient  warning  in  England." 


CCXXXIV.  FROM  GROCERS'  RECORDS. 

As  CCXXXIV.,  CCXXXV.,  and  CCXXXVI.  relate  to 
"  the  same  Salt,"  I  have  placed  them  together,  regardless  of 
their  dates. 

Court  of  Assistants,  Grocers'  Company. 
"  Die  Martis  xxix  die  Septembris  1612. 
"  Present :  —  M'  Giles  Parslowe,  M"^  William  Millett,  M^ 
Roger  Gwyn,  Wardens. 

M'  John  Newman,      M'  Rich''  Denman,  "| 

"  Robert  Cocks,         "  Robert  Morer,  V  Assistants. 

u  -yym  Pennyfather     "  Laurence  Greene,      J 
"  W"'  Barrett,  "  Robert  Johnson,       "| 

"  Cha^  Glascock,         "  John  Farmer,  | 

"  Edw-^  Jennings,       "  Arthur  Blakemore,    }  Livery. 
"  George  Scott,  "  Jeffrey  Kirby,  | 

"  Thomas  Foxall,        "   John  West,  Junior.  J 


"  To  day  M'"  Wardens  made  knowen  to  their  Brethren  as 


THOMAS   HOWARD 
First  Earl  of  Sujfo/k 


FROM  GROCERS'  RECORDS.  591 

well  of  the  Assistants  as  Livery  of  this  Company  here  pre- 
sente  in  the  Hall,  of  the  some  of  thu-teene  pounds  and  ten 
shilhngs  that  was  due  to  the  Companye  for  theyr  adventure 
in  the  late  Lottery  made  for  the  plantaeon  in  Virginia.  In 
which  Lottery  was  putt  of  the  Companyes  Comen  Goodes 
of  this  house  Lxij"  x^  and  asked  theyr  opinions  whether  M"" 
Wardens  should  accept  of  the  said  xiij^'  x^  soe  due  unto 
them  and  to  abate  after  x^'  per  cent,  or  to  accept  of  a  faire 
rounde  Salt  with  a  cover  of  Silver  all  gilt  poiz  44"'^  ^  1*^  at 
G*  7"^  per  oz  amounting  to  the  some  xiiij"  xix'  vi*^. 

"  The  which  Salt  they  all  agreed  that  Mr.  Wardens  should 
accept  both  in  respect  it  would  not  be  so  much  losse  to  the 
Company  as  to  take  the  xiij''  x^  with  the  sayd  abatement, 
and  alsoe  in  regard  this  Company  want  Salts,  and  alsoe  that 
M'  Wardens  shall  paye  the  overplus  being  xxix^  vi*^  of  the 
Comen  Goodes  of  this  House  in  full  discharge  for  the  same 
Salt." 

CCXXXV.   FROxAI  GROCERS'   RECORDS. 

Court  of  Assistants,  Grocers'  Company. 
"  Curia  Assisten.  tent  die  veneris   xviij   die   Decembris 
1612.     10.  James. 

"  Present :  —  Sir  Stephen  Soame  and  Sir  Thomas  Middle- 
ton.  Kt' 

"  M'  Nicholas  Stile,  M'"  George  Bolles  and  M'  Richard 
Pyott,  Aldennen. 

"  M-^  Giles  Parslowe,  M"^  William  Millett  and  M'  Roger 
Gwyn.  Wardens. 

M"  George  Holman,  M""  John  Newman, 

"  Robert  Cocks,  "  Humfrey  Walcott, 

"  Richard  Burrell,  "  Wm.  Dale, 

"  Richard  Aldworth,  "  Robert  Bowyer, 

"  Richard  Cox,  "  Robert  Morer, 

"  Anthony  Soday,  "  Thomas  Longston, 

"  Thomas  Westrowe,  "  Laurence  Greene, 

"  Richard  Bourne,  "  Danyel  Wynche. 

"  To  day  Mr.  Wardens  acknowledges  the  receipt  of  one 


592  PERIOD  III.     NOVEMBER,  1G09-JULY,  1614. 

faire  rounde  Salt  and  Cover  all  of  silver  guilt  weighing 
xliiij  oz  one  quarter  of  an  oz  and  a  pennyweight  to  the  use 
of  this  Company  —  which  this  company  hath  in  regard  of 
xiij"  x'  happening  to  them  in  the  late  Lottery  made  for 
plantacon  in  Virginia  upon  their  adventure  or  putting  in 
Ixij  "  x'  and  for  xxix'  vi*^  more  payd  by  M'  Wardens  for  the 
same  praying  allowance  thereof  whereof  this  court  allowed 
accordingly." 

CCXXXVI.   FROM  GROCERS'  RECORD. 

From  Wardens'  Account  under  "  Casual  payments,"  July 

20,  1612,  to  July,  1613. 

"  Item  paid  to  Clement  Fryer  the  some  of  xxix' 
vi'^  which  was  added  to  the  xiij"  x'  happen- 
ing to  this  Companye  for  Lxij"  x*  adventured 
in  y*'  late  Lotterye  for  plantacon  in  Virginia  .  ^  ^-  g  -d 
to  by  a  Silver  and  gilt  Salt  for  this  Company 
as  by  order  of  Courte  made  the  xviij*''  day  of 
December  1612  as  '^  acquittance  may  ap- 
peare." 

CCXXXVII.     DIG  BY  TO   CARLETON. 

October  10,  1612.     Madrid.     Digbye  to  Carleton. 

.  .  .  ''  Others  say,  that  these  forces  united  in  Portugal,  shall 
under  the  commaunde  of  Don  Diego  Brochero  attempte 
the  removing  of  our  plantation  in  Virginia.  ...  I  have 
lately  received  advertisement  from  Lisborne,  that  there  ar- 
rived there  a  shipp,  which  coming  from  the  Havana  bring- 
ethe  worde.  That  there  were  diverse  soldiers  there  botlie  of 
those  parties  and  others,  which  this  laste  Spring  were  sente 
from  hence  out  of  Andalusia,  which  were  ready  to  goe  to 
attempte  Virginia.  And  that  to  this  ende  all  shipps  that 
for  some  monthes  before  had  arrived  there  were  imbargued. 
Since,  there  is  newes  come  from  Sevill,  that  the  Spaniards 
have  overthrowen  our  men  in  Virginia.  To  which  though 
I  give  little  beliefe,  yet  I  thought  fitt  to  sende  unto  ye 


DIGBY  TO  JAMES  I.  593 

Secretarye  of  State  to  give  him  notice  of  what  I  heard. 
Hee  sent  me  worde,  I  might  fully  assure  myselfe,  that  there 
was  no  suche  thino-  hitherto  to  their  knowledo-e.  But  that 
yt  was  true  iudeede,  that  the  King  of  Spaines  people  were 
muohe  discontent  and  muttered,  that  ye  plantation  was  per- 
mitted. And  that  yt  had  beene  likewise  handled  in  the 
Councell  of  State  heere ;  and  that  this  helde  yt  very  unfitt, 
that  a  Companie  of  Voluntarye  and  loose  people  (as  hee 
tearmed  them)  without  the  commaunde  or  interposition  of 
their  King,  should  goe  forward  with  that  which  mighte  in 
tyme  prove  of  so  muche  inconvenience  to  the  King  of 
fepaine. 

CCXXXVIII.     PHILIP  III.   TO  VELASCO. 

GENERAL  ARCHIVES   OF  SIMANCAS.    DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE, 
VOLUME  2571,  FOLIO  328. 

Copy  of  a  deciphered  letter  of  H.  M.  to  Don  Alonso  de 
Velasco,  dated  Valladolid,  November  3,  1612. 
"  Your  letters  of  June  IS*'^  [CCXIII.]  informed  me  of  the 
martyrdom  which  two  priests  underwent  there  —  also  of 
what  you  state  concerning  the  affairs  of  Savoy  —  and  of 
the  post  which  it  was  proposed  to  take  in  the  Bermuda, 
so  as  to  encourao^e  the  colonisation  of  Virginia  —  and  I 
thank  you  much  for  the  zeal  Avhich  you  show  in  keeping  me 
hif ormed  of  what  is  going  on  —  and  I  charge  you  to  con- 
tinue, so  that  here  may  be  done  whatever  may  appear  to  be 
necessary."  .  .  . 

[Mem.  —  November  5.  The  prayers  of  the  church  for 
Prince  Henry.  November  6.  Henry  of  Wales,  the  patron 
of  Virginia,  died.] 


CCXXXIX.     DIGBY  TO  JAMES   I. 

November  12,  1612.     Madrid.     Diobve  to  James  I. 
..."  I  got  a  \4ew  of  his  (Don  Pedro  de  Cuiiega)  dispatch. 
The  chief  matters  were  .  .  .  That  there  was  no  cause  to 


594  PERIOD   III.     NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

apprehend  so  much  danger  in  Virginea  as  they  did  in  Spaine, 
there  being  only  as  he  certaynly  learned,  five  hundred  men, 
who  had  of  late  suffered  great  extremitie  and  miserie,  and 
that  the  first  undertakers  were  grown  e  so  weary  of  supply- 
ing the  charge,  that  they  were  faine  to  make  a  generall 
kynde  of  beggmg  (for  so  he  tearmed  it)  by  the  way  of  a 
Lottery  for  the  furnishing  out  of  those  sliipps  and  men 
which  were  now  sent ;  so  that  he  judged  it  not  fit  to  make 
any  kynde  of  mention  thereof  unto  your  Majestic,  both  for 
that  he  held  it  not  unlikely  that  the  Business  might  sinke 
of  itselfe,  since  it  was  maynteyned  but  by  these  shifts, 
which  could  last  but  for  a  yeare  or  two,  and  liliewise  for 
that  he  was  certeynly  informed,  that  yf  he  should  propound 
'the  having  of  the  plantation  revoked,  it  would  in  no  kynde 
be  condiscended  unto." 

[Mem.  —  The  25th  day  of  November,  1612,  the  Virginia 
Company  of  London  sold  the  Somer  Islands,  "  for  £2.000  of 
lawfull  English  money,"  to  "  Sir  Wilham  Wade,  Sir  Dudley 
Diggs,  Sir  Baptist  Hicks  knights,  Richarde  Martin  of  the 
Middle  Temple,  London  Esquier,  John  Wolstenholme,  Es- 
quier,  Richard  Chamberlaine,  Robte  Offley,  Robte  Johnson, 
Jerome  Hey  don,  George  Scott  and  George  Barkeley  of  Lon- 
don, Merchants."] 


CCXL.     CHAPMAN'S  AN  EPICEDE. 

By  George  Chapman. 

"  An  Epicede,  or  funerall  Song,  on  the  most  disastrous 
death  of  the  high  borne.  Prince  of  Men,  Henry  Prince  of 
Wales,  with  the  Funerals  and  representation  of  the  Herse  of 
the  same  high  and  mighty  Prince ;  Prince  of  Wales,  Duke 
of  Cornwaile,  and  Rothsay,  Count  Palatine  of  Chester,  Earle 
of  Caricke,  and  late  Knight  of  the  most  noble  order  of  the 
Garter.  Which  noble  Prince  deceased  at  St.  James,  the 
sixt  day  of  November,  1612,  and  was  most  princely  in- 
terred the  seventh  day  of  December,  following  within  the 


EXTRACT  FROM  THE  FRENCH  MERCURY. 


595 


Abbey  of  Westminster,  in  the  eighteenth  yere  of  his  age. 
London,  printed  by  T.  S.  for  John  Budge,  and  are  to  bee 
sould  at  his  shop  at  the  great  south  dore  of  Paules,  and  at 
Brittames  bursse,  1612."  "  With  a  large  folding  plate  of 
the  Hearse  and  Representation  of  the  Prince  by  Wm. 
Hole."  .  .  .  Extract. 

[Fever  is   impersonated  instilling  her    venom   into   the 
prince,  and  the  poet  exclaims  :] 

"  Was  there  a  sight  so  pale,  and  desperate 
Ever  before  seene,  in  a  thrust-through  state  ? 
The  poore  Virginian,  miserable  sayle 
A  long-long-Night  turn'd  Day,  that  lived  in  Hell 
Never  so  pourtrayecl,  where  the  Billowes  strove 
(Blackt  like  so  many  Devils)  which  should  prove 
The  dammed  Victor,  all  their  furies  heighting : 
Their  Drum  the  thunder :  and  their  colours  lightning : 
To  drown  the  waves  in  noyse :  the  other  spending 
His  Hel-hot  sulphurous  flames  to  drink  them  dry : 
When  heaven  was  lost,  when  not  a  teare  wi'acked  eye 
Could  tell  in  all  that  dead  time,  if  they  were 
Sincking  or  sayling  :  till  a  quickening  chere 
Gave  light  to  save  them  by  the  ruth  of  Rocks 
At  the  Bei'mudas  :  where  the  tearing  shocks 
And  all  the  miseries  before,  more  felt 
Than  here  halfe  told :  all,  all  this  did  not  melt 
Those  desperate  few,  still  dying  more  in  tears 
Then  this  Death,  all  men,  to  the  marrow  weares, 
All  that  are  men."  .  .  . 


"Description 
of  the  tem- 
pest that 
cast  Sir  Th. 
Gates  on  the 
Bermudas 
and  the  State 
of  his  ship 
and  men  to 
this  Kino;- 
domes  plight 
applyed  in 
the 

Princes 
Death." 


CCXLI.     EXTRACT  FROM  THE  FRENCH  MERCURY. 

EXTRACT  FROM  THE  MERCURE  FRANCOIS,  VOLUME  III.,   1612 
TO  1615,  PAGE  179. 

Translation.  "  The  English  in  their  voyages  to  Vir- 
ginia were  badly  treated  by  the  Spaniards  :  for  having 
wished  to  settle  an  Island  near  Virginia  and  having  com- 
menced to  fortify  themselves  there,  the  Spaniards,  who  did 
not  want  neighbours  for  the  West  Indies,  went  with  sev- 
eral ships  of  war  to  attack  them  and  to  bombard  them  so 
vigorously  that   entering  the  Island,  they  (the  Spaniards) 


596  PERIOD   III.     NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

put  to  the  edge  of  the  sword  all  the  English.  This  being 
reported  to  the  King  of  Great  Britain,  and  that  the  EngHsh 
Colony  in  Virginia  is  becoming  enfeedled,  he  sent  thither  a 
new  Governor  with  men  of  war,  munitions  and  two  hundred 
women  with  as  many  daughters  to  re-enforce  this  Colony." 


CCXLII.   AND  CCXLIII.     SMITH'S   MAP  OF  VIRGINIA. 

A  map  of  Virginia  (CCXLII.)  "  Discovered  and  Discribed 
by  Captayn  John  Smith,  graven  by  WiUiam  Hole." 

I  do  not  know  exactly  when  this  map  was  engraved  ;  but 
as  it  is  mentioned  (in  CCXXVI.)  as  then  "  printed,"  it  was 
probably  engraved  prior  to  August  7,  or  quite  certainly  be- 
fore November  5,  1612. 

The  various  editions  of  this  map  are  discussed  by  Mr. 
James  Lenox  and  Mr.  Charles  Deane,  in  "  The  Curiosities 
of  American  Literature,"  —  "  Norton's  Literary  Gazette," 
March  15  and  May  18,  1854. 

It  was  a  part  of  "  The  Oxford  Tract"  (CCXLIV.),  and  was 
evidently  published  under  the  same  auspices,  without  the 
authority  of  the  Virginia  Council.  When  Smith  was  presi- 
dent in  Virginia  copies  of  the  surveys  must  have  come  into 
his  hands,  and  he  probably  furnished  William  Hole  with  the 
drawing  from  which  the  engraving  was  made ;  but  I  do  not 
believe  that  Smith  made  the  drawing  himself.  He  does  not 
always  claim  to  have  done  so.  In  CCCLV.  he  alludes  to 
CCXLIV.  and  CCXLII.  as  the  "Booke  and  Map  printed 
in  my  name."  It  seems  to  me  certain  that  this  map  was 
engraved  from  a  copy  of  the  Virginia  part  of  CLVIII.  Cor- 
rect maps  must  be  alike ;  but  when  one  inaccurate  map  fol- 
lows so  closely  another,  as  in  this  case,  it  furnishes  quite 
conclusive  proof  that  the  latter  was  copied  from  the  former. 
As  a  further  evidence  that  Smith  did  not  make  the  draw- 
ing for  the  map  (CCXLII.),  it  may  be  noted  that  the  dis- 
tances given  in  the  text  of  his  work  do  not  always  corre- 
spond with  the  distances  on  the  map.  I  have  found  no  real 
evidence  that  Smith   could  draw  a  map.     In   1618,   "  to 


.*> 


^1 


£ 


c 


,«N"^ 


> 


11 


^ 


CCXLIII 

Colonial  rapfrs.  V-ol.  I,  No.  42,. II. 
"A  description  of  the  land  of  Vir^nla." 


m  r 


1Mt^ 


^ 

4 


,/^hA.^'^ 


r?^^  -fc  fy-^^*-*  ^'-^  T-^^'^^y- 


o 


4  /)   'VW'   ■A'  -.""^"J" 


£1^, 


10     /;•/«.»  ,»<«s  rt^ 


13  iX^t^^-p^^^-^^ yinynh 


Here  is  3  fathom  of  wftter. 

Secotan, 

Tills  ^oeth  to  a  great  towii  celled  Nepoke. 

This  to  Warrea. 

Pomaioke. 

Fresli  water  with,  great  store  of  flsh. 

Here  were  great  store  of  great  red  grapes.    Very  pleasant. 

The  grass  that  bearetli  the  silk  groweth  here  plentif  ally. 

Te  Kings  ill 

The  gailU  art  found  here. 

Wococan. 

Here  groweth  ye  rind  that  dieth  red. 

Thp  Port  of  Saynt  Marls,  where  we  arrived  flrat. 


TAfi  fij/wreai,  2,  3,  < 


n  tMe  original  draieing. 


m  fll> 


r 


r 


"THE   OXFORD   TRACTS."  597 

show  the  difference  betwixt  Virginia  and  New  England," 
Smith  sent  Lord  Bacon  "  maps  of  them  both."  The  map 
of  New  England  is  missing ;  I  give  the  map  of  Virginia 
(CCXLIII.).  I  believe  it  to  be  an  illustration  of  Smith's 
capacity  as  a  draughtsman  as  it  is  probably  an  attempt  by 
Smith  to  copy  from  some  drawing  of  our  present  North 
Carolina  coast. 


CCXLIV.   AND  CCLV.     "THE  OXFORD  TRACTS." 

CCLIV.  and  CCXLV.  were  published  at  Oxford  some 
time  between  the  5th  of  November,  1612,  and  25th  March, 
1613.  The  exact  date  is  not  known.  Smith  had  evidently 
secured  the  sympathy  and  interest  of  certain  clergymen  and 
ladies  in  Enofland,  who  thouoht  that  he  deserved  more  credit 
than  he  had  received  from  the  managers  of  the  Virginia 
enterprise ;  and  as  this  was  the  most  trying  time  in  the 
history  of  the  colony,  there  were  very  many  disappointed 
adventurers  m  sympathy  with  fault-finders.  CCXLIV.  is 
chiefly  descriptive,  and  need  not  be  reviewed  at  length. 
The  avowed  object  of  CCXLV.  was  to  "  give  satisfaction 
to  all  indifferent  readers,  how  the  businesse  hath  beene 
carried,"  and  "  ho  we  it  came  to  passe  there  was  no  better 
speed  and  successe  in  those  proceedings."  It  is  a  eulogy  of 
Smith.  It  is  a  partisan  criticism  of  the  management  of  the 
enterprise ;  it  attempts  to  prove  that  the  troubles  which 
happened  while  Smith  was  in  Virginia  could  not  have  been 
prevented,  and  that  the  troubles  which  had  happened  since 
he  left,  had  happened  because  he  was  not  there  to  prevent 
them.  The  Stationers'  Company  of  London  was  a  member 
of  the  Virginia  Company,  and  it  was  evidently  against  their 
interest  to  license  the  publication  of  such  tracts  and  maps 
as  these  (CCXLIL,  CCXLIV.,  and  CCXLV.)  at  that  time, 
and  we  are  probably  indebted  to  the  sympathy  of  Crashaw, 
Symonds,  and  Purchas  for  having  them  printed  by  the  cler- 
ical press  at  Oxford.  If  so,  the  sympathy  of  these  clergy- 
men may  speak  well  for  their  hearts  ;  but  their  judgment  in 
this  matter  was  certainly  at  fault. 


598  PERIOD   III.     NOVEMBER,  1G09-JULY,  1614. 

I  have  carefully  collated  CCXLV.  with  the  same  as  pub- 
lished by  Smith  in  his  "  General  History,"  and  as  pubhshed 
by  Purchas  in  his  "  Pilgrimes,"  and  also  with  all  the  other 
evidences  which  I  have  found  in  the  premises ;  and  without 
doubt  the  narrative  is  inaccurate  and  unjust.  The  summing 
uj)  of  the  case  on  the  title-pages  and  in  the  prefaces  is  very 
strong,  and  of  course  the  evidence  is  also,  if  we  accept  it 
(as  has  been  done  sometimes)  without  question  ;  but  a  cross- 
examination  will  reveal  its  inaccuracy  and  injustice,  and 
sustain  the  judgment  of  the  managers  of  the  enterprise. 
For  instance,  we  are  lead  to  believe  that  the  tract  was  a  dis- 
interested compilation  by  Richard  Pots ;  but  as  Pots  was 
clerk  to  Smith  while  in  Virginia,  their  interests  were  probably 
identical.  We  are  assured  that  the  authors  were  many  and 
that  their  "  particular  discourses  are  signed  by  their  names  ;  " 
yet  the  discourse  relating  to  events  between  September, 
1607,  and  January,  1608  (where  we  are  told  that  Smith  pre- 
vented the  abandonment  of  the  colony  three  times,  and  did 
other  wonderful  things),  is  signed  by  Thomas  Studley,  alone, 
who  had  died  August  28,  1607,  before  any  of  these  won- 
derful things  happened.  Of  course  Studley's  death  is  not 
mentioned  in  the  tract,  and  he  is  again  used  as  a  witness 
for  events  as  late  as  June,  1608.  Another  leading  witness 
was  Ananias  Todkill,  who  had  been  a  servant  to  Captain 
John  Martin,  and  evidently  bore  Martin  malice  ;  but  enough. 
CCXLV.  is  embraced  in  the  fourth  book  of  Smith's  "  Gen- 
eral History,"  where  it  is  somewhat  altered  and  enlarged. 
It  is  partisan  evidence.  It  was  against  the  interest  of  the 
managers  of  the  enterprise,  and  of  the  enterprise  itself,  that 
affairs  should  be  made  public  at  this  time,  and  this  is  the 
only  publication  of  the  period  which  pretends  to  give  a 
detailed  account  of  events  in  Virginia,  during  the  time  that 
Smith  was  there.  The  managers  had  the  correct  accounts. 
This  account  is  not  correct ;  but  the  public  had  no  other. 
As  to  the  witnesses  to  this  tract  then  in  England,  it  must 
be  remembered  that  many  of  those  sent  to  Virginia  by  the 
company  had  been  guilty  of  a  breach  of  trust  by  returning 


"THE  OXFORD   TRACTS."  599 

to  England,  and  that  the  company  had  no  adequate  laAV  for 
protection  in  these  premises,  until  after  the  passage  of  the 
fifteenth  article  of  the  third  charter.  The  enterprise  was 
then  going  through  the  crucial  test,  which  "  enterprizes  of 
this  nature,  especially  in  the  Infancie  thereof,  are  subject 
unto  "  (Kimbolton  MSS.  No.  344),  and  doubtless  there  were 
many  swift  witnesses  in  England  among  those  referred  to  in 
the  fourteenth  article  of  the  third  charter  (CCIIL). 

Although  we  cannot  rely  on  this  tract  when  it  is  relating 
the  acts  of  Smith  or  criticising  the  acts  of  others,  it  is  evi- 
dently more  trustworthy  than  the  same  account  as  given  in 
the  "  General  History."  It  is  curious  to  note  how  Smith 
continually  alters  it  to  his  own  advantage  in  the  latter  work. 
I  will  give  a  single  illustration.  It  is  a  subject  of  illustra- 
tion in  Smith's  History. 

The  account  of  how  "  Smith  taketli  the  King  of  Paspa- 
heigh  prisoner." 

From  CCXLV.  —  "long  they^  struggled  in  the  water, 
from  whence  the  King  j)erceimng  tico  of  the  Poles^  upon 
the  scmdes  loould  have  fled ;  hut  the  President  held  him 
hy  his  haire  and  throat  till  the  Poles  came  in ;  then  see- 
ing howe  pittifully  the  poore  Salvage  begged  his  life,  they 
conducted  him  prisoner  to  the  fort^ 

From  Smith's  History.  — "  long  they  struggled  in  the 
water,  till  the  President  got  such  a  hold  on  his  throat,  he 
neare  strangled  the  King  ;  hut  having  drawn  his  faucheon 
to  cut  off  his  head  seeing  howe  pittifully  he  begged  his  life, 
he  led  him  prisoner  to  Jainestoione  and  put  him  in 
chaynes." 

The  following  is  the  title-page  of  CCXLIV. :  — 
"  A  Map  of  Virginia,  with  a  description  of  the  Countrey, 
The  Commodities,  People,  Government  and  Religion.    Writ- 
ten by  Captaine  Smith,  sometimes  Governour  of  the  Countrey. 

^  The  president,  Captain  John  Smith,  Smith's  life,  as    Newport   had  done  ; 

and  the  Indian  king.  but  they  get  neither  acknowledgment 

-  Evidently  the  Poles  aided  in  mak-  nor  thanks  in  Smith's  History  ;  nor  do 

ing  the  capture,  and  probably  saved  they  appear  in  the  picture. 


600  PERIOD   III.     NOVEMBER,  1G09-JULY,  1614. 

"  Wliereunto  is  annexed  The  proceedings  of  those  Colo- 
nies, [CCXLV.]  since  their  first  departure  from  England, 
with  the  discourses,  orations,  and  relations  of  the  Salvages, 
and  the  accidents  that  befell  them  in  all  their  Journies  and 
discoveries. 

"  Taken  faithfully  as  they  were  written  out  of  the  writ- 
ing's of 

Doctor  Russell.  Richard  Wiffin. 

Tho.  Studley.  Will.  Phettiplace. 

Anas  Todkill.  Nathaniel  Powell. 

JefPra  Abot.  Richard  Pots. 

And  the  relations  of  divers  other  diligent  observers  there 
present  then,  and  now  many  of  them  in  England. 

"By  W.  S. 

"At  Oxford,  Printed  by  Joseph  Barnes.  1612." 

The  larger  part  of  this  title  really  refers  to  CCXLV. 
CCXLIV.  was,  as  stated,  a  description  of  the  country,  etc., 
accompanied  with  Smith's  map  (CCXLII.)  which  had  been 
previously  engraved. 

These  t^o  tracts  and  the  map  belong  together.  Origi- 
nals are  various  priced,  as  to  condition,  etc.  Mr.  Quaritch 
priced  a  complete  and  perfect  set  in  1885  at  $650.  Origi- 
nals are  preserved  in  this  country  in  the  following  libraries : 
Charles  Deane,  of  Cambridge,  Mass.  ;  of  Congress,  at  Wash- 
ington ;  John  Carter-Brown,  Providence,  R.  I. ;  Mr.  Kalb- 
fleisch,  and  The  Lenox,  New  York. 

CCXLIV.  was  again  printed  nearly  as  in  the  original  in 
the  second  book  of  Smith's  "  History  of  Virginia,"  and  in 
this  shape  is  reprinted  in  Rice's  reprint  of  Smith's  Works, 
Richmond,  Virginia,  1819.  The  next,  CCXLV.,  has  been 
reprinted  in  England  (by  Mr.  Arber)  but  not  in  America,  I 
believe,  except  as  it  is  in  his  "  General  History."  It  con- 
tains about  27,000  words.  As  in  his  "  General  History  " 
(Smith  having  erased  about  3,000  words  and  then  added 
about  16,000  words)  the  tract  contains  about  40,000  words. 


I 


BIONDI  TO  CARLETON.  gQl 

The  following  is  the  title-page  of  CCXLV. :  — 
"  The  Proceedings  of  The  English  Colonie  in  Viro-inia 
since  their  first  beginning  from  England  in  the  yeare  of 
our  Lord  1606,  till  this  present  1612,  with  all  their  acci- 
dents that  befell  them  in  their  Journies  and  Discoveries. 
Also  the  Salvages  discourses,  orations  and  relations  of  the 
Bordering  neighbours,  and  how  they  became  subject  to  the 
English.  Unfolding  even  the  fundamental!  causes  from 
whence  have  sprung  so  many  miseries  to  the  under-takers, 
and  scandals  to  the  businesse :  taken  faithfully  as  they 
were  written  out  of  the  writings  of  Thomas  Studley  the 
first  provant  maister,  Anas  Todkill,  Walter  Russell  Doctor 
of  Phisicke,  Nathaniell  Pow^ell,  William  Phettyplace,  Eich- 
ard  Wyffin,  Thomas  Abbay,  Tho.  Hope,  Rich :  Pots  and 
the  labours  of  divers  other  diligent  observers,  that  were 
resident  in  Virginia.  And  perused  and  confirmed  by 
diverse  now  resident  in  England  that  were  actors  in  this 
busines.  By  W.  S.  At  Oxford,  printed  by  Joseph  Barnes. 
1612." 

CCXLIV.  is  dedicated  "  To  the  Hand,"  and  the  dedica- 
tion is  signed  "  T.  A."  CCXLV.  has  an  introductory 
address  "  To  The  Reader,"  signed  "  T.  Abbay."  Of  course 
I  cannot  be  perfectly  sure,  but  it  does  seem  to  me  that  this 
dedication  and  address  was  written  by  the  same  hand, 
whosesoever  it  was,  that  wrote  all  of  the  works  known  as 
Captain  John  Smith's. 


CCXLVI.   BIONDI  TO  CARLETON. 

January  7,  1613.  London.  Giov.  Franc.  Biondi  to 
Carleton. 

..."  Much  talk  about  a  Spanish  Armada  which  is  gath- 
ering; some  say  it  is  for  Virginia;  some  for  England; 
some  for  Ireland.  The  latter  most  probable,  because  of  the 
intelligence  of  Spain  with  Ireland  ;  but  the  Hebrides  Islands 
might  afford  a  counterpoise."   .   .  . 


602  PERIOD  III.    NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

[Mem.  —  CCLVII.  mentions  letters  from  Velasco  of  Jan- 
uary 22  Q-iid  23?  1613,  which  I  have  not  found.] 


CCXLVII.   VELASCO  TO  PHILIP  IIL 

GENERAL  ARCHIVES   OF  SIMANCAS.    DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE, 
VOLUME  2590,  FOLIO  92. 

Copy  of  an  original  letter  of  Don  Alonso  de  Velasco  to  the 
King  of  Spain,  dated  London,  January  25,  1613. 

"  Sire.  — 

"  The  Embassador  of  the  King  here,  who  resides  at 
your  Court,  has  informed  him,  that  Y.  M.  is  fitting  out  a 
great  fleet  for  this  summer,  with  the  intent  to  send  the  lar- 
ger part  of  it  to  dismantle  the  forts  of  Virginia  and  of  Ber- 
muda. This  report  has  been  confirmed  to  them  and  thus 
they  are  now  making  ready  five  ships  with  fifteen  hundred 
men,  much  ammunition  and  two  engineers,  to  reinforce 
those  posts,  and  they  say,  these  vessels  will  sail  towards  the 
middle  of  March.  They  go  with  the  understanding,  that  if 
those  reports  should  continue,  still  larger  forces  would  be 
sent,  altho'  they  feel  very  confident,  that  Y.  M's  fleet  will 
not  be  strong  enough  to  drive  them  out  from  there.  May 
Our  Lord  preserve  Y.  M.  as  is  required  by  all  Christendom. 

"  London,  January  25.  1613. 

"Don  Alonso  de  Velasco." 

[Mem.  —  About  the  last  of  January,  1613,  the  com- 
panies sent  out  two  ships  to  the  Bermudas,  warning  the 
colony  there  "  to  prepare  with  all  expedition  for  their  de- 
fence against  the  Spaniards,  whom  they  understood  ere 
long  would  visit  them."  These  vessels  were  sent  "the 
speedier,  by  reason  of  some  distrusts  they  tooke  of  the 
Spaniards  soudaine  supplantinge  of  it  in  its  birth  (as  not 
likely  to  endure  patiently  such  a  thorne  in  his  West  Indies 
sides)."  One  of  these  ships,  the  Elizabeth,  went  on  to  Vir- 
ginia, reacliing  there  May  14,  1613.     The  other  went  only 


1 


PHILIP   III.   TO   VELASCO.  603 

to  the  Bermudas  and  returned  to  England  prior  to  May  20, 
1613.     See  CCLXVIIL] 


CCXLVIIL   EDMONDES  TO  JAMES   I. 

January  26,  1613.  Paris,  France.  Sir  Thomas  Ed- 
mondes  ^  to  James  I. 

..."  Though  I  make  no  doubt  but  that  your  Majestie 
is  otherwise  sufficiently  advertised  of  that  which  passeth  in 
Spayne  ;  nevertheless  I  holde  it  my  duetie  to  make  knowne 
unto  your  Majestie  that  manie  advertisements  which  I  have 
scene  both  out  of  Italic  and  from  other  partes,  doe  report, 
that  the  intent  of  the  preparations  which  the  King  of 
Spayne  maketh  by  Sea,  is  certainely  to  employe  the  same 
this  Springe  for  the  removing  of  our  plantation  in  Vir- 
ginia." 

CCXLIX.   PHILIP  III.   TO  VELASCO. 

GENERAL  ARCHIVES  OF  SIMANCAS.     DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE, 
VOLUME  2572,    FOLIO  3. 

Copy  of  a  rough  draft  of  a  letter  of  H.  M.  to  Don  Alonso 

de  Velasco,  dated  February  13,  1613. 

"In  a  letter  dated  December  14:*''  of  the  last  year  of 
1611  [CLXXXVIII.]  you  wrote  me  that  the  Ministers  of 
Great  Britain  had  replied  to  you,  that  they  would  order  the 
three  prisoners  of  ours  to  be  brought  to  London,  whom 
they  held  in  Virginia,  and  that  they  would  hand  them  over 
to  you,  whereupon  we  would  restore  to  them  the  pilot  who 
was  taken  from  the  English  on  the  same  occasion  —  and 
because  this  man  has  already  been  brought  to  this  court,  I 
charge  and  command  you  to  complete  the  exchange  of 
aforesaid  prisoners,  asking  that  our  men  be  handed  over  to 
you  and  assuring  said  King  or  his  ministers  that  the  pilot, 
for  whom  they  ask,  will  be  given  up  here  to  their  ambassa- 
dor, 6r  to  any  one  they  may  select  —  and  you  will  promptly 
inform  me  of  what  may  be  done  in  this  matter." 

^  The  English  ambassador  to  France. 


604:  PERIOD   III.     NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 


CCL.   THE   MASK  AT   WHITE   HALL. 

"  The  Memorable  Maske  of  the  two  Honorable  Houses 
or  Inns  of  Court ;  The  Middle  Temple  and  Lyncoln's  Inne, 
as  it  was  performed  before  the  King,  at  White-Hall  on 
Shrove  Munday  at  night ;  being  the  15^^  of  February  1613. 
At  the  Princely  celebration  of  the  most  Royall  Nuptialls  of 
the  Palsgrave,  and  this  thrice  gratious  Princesse  Elizabeth. 
Invented  and  fashioned  with  the  ground  and  speciall  struc- 
ture of  the  whole  worke,  by  our  Kingdomes  most  Artful! 
and  Ingenious  Architect  lamgo  Jones.  Supplied,  Aplied, 
Digested  and  Written,  by  Geo.  Chcqwian.  London, 
Printed  by  G.  Eld  for  George  Norton,  and  are  to  be  sould 
at  his  shoppe,  neere  Temple  Bar." 

Howes  says :  "  At  the  Mask  of  The  Middle  Temple  and 
Lincolnes  Inne  came  two  chariots  Triumphat,  very  pleasant 
and  full  of  state,  wherein  rode  the  choyce  musicians  of  this 
Kingdome  in  robes  llJie  to  the  Vh^ginian priests,  with  sun- 
dry devises,  all  pleasant  and  significant,  with  two  rankes  of 
Torches,"  etc. 

Mr.  Neill,  in  his  "  Virginia  Company  of  London  "  (pp. 
'61,  62),  quoting  from  "  Nichols's  Progresses,  etc.,  of  King 
James,"  says :  "  The  chief  maskers  were  in  Indian  habits, 
w4th  high  spriged  feathers  on  their  heads,  their  vezirds  of 
olive  coUour,  hayre  black  and  lardge  waving  downe  to  their 
shoulders."  The  musicians  were  attired  like  Virginian 
priests,  who  Avere  supposed  to  adore  the  sun,  and  therefore 
called  Phoebades.  On  the  stage  was  the  representation  of 
rocks  and  caves,  and  Plutus,  god  of  riches,  was  a  principal 
person  in  the  play.  The  following  speech  is  made  by  one 
named  Capriccio  :  "  With  this  dull  deity  Riches,  a  rich 
island  lying  in  the  South  Sea  called  Poeana,  being  for 
strength  and  riches  called  the  navill  of  that  South  Sea  is  by 
Earth's  round  motion  moved  near  this  Brittan  shore,  in 
which  island  being  yet  in  command  of  the  Virginian  Cbnti- 
nent,  a  troupe  of  the  noblest    Virginians  inhabiting   at- 


THE   MASK   AT  WHITE   HALL.  605 

tended  hither  the  God  of  Riches  all  tryumphantly  shining 
in  a  mine  of  goiild.  For  hearing  of  the  most  royal  solem- 
nity of  these  sacred  nuptials,  they  crost  the  Ocean  in  their 
honour  and  are  here  arrived." 

In  the  course  of  the  play  Honor  and  Eunomia  allude  to 
the  Virginian  priests. 

Honor.  "  Plutus,  the  Princes  of  the  Virgine  land 
Whom  I  made  crosse  the  Britain  Ocean 
To  this  most  famed  ile  of  all  the  world 
To  do  due  homage  to  the  sacred  nuptials 
Of  Law  and  Vertue  celebrated  here 
By  this  howre  of  the  holy  eve,  I  know 
Are  ready  to  perform  the  rights  they  owe." 

After  the  Virginian  princes  sing  they  are  addressed  by 

Eunomia.  "  Virginian  Princes,  ye  must  now  renounce 
Your  superstitious  worship  of  the  Sun, 
Subject  to  cloudy  darknings  and  descents ; 
And  of  your  sweet  devotions  turne  the  events 
To  this  our  Britain  Phoebus,  whose  bright  skie 
Enlighted  with  a  Christian  piety 
Is  never  subject  to  black  error's  night. 
And  hath  already  offer'd  Heaven's  true  light 
To  your  darke  region ;  which  acknowledge  now 
Descend,  and  to  him  all  your  homage  vow." 

Of  this  celebrated  mask,  in  which  the  Virginian  idea 
obtained  so  largely,  John  Chamberlain  wrote  to  Mrs.  Alice 
Carleton  :  "  London,  18.  Feby  1613.  ...  On  Monday 
night,  was  the  Middle  Temple  and  Lincoln's  Inn  Masque 
prepared  in  the  hall  of  Court,  whereas  the  lords  was  in 
the  banqueting  room.  It  went  from  the  Rolls,  all  up  Fleet 
street  and  the  Strand,  and  made  such  a  gallant  and  glorious 
show,  that  it  is  highly  commended.  They  had  forty  gentle- 
men of  best  choice  out  of  both  houses,  and  the  twelve 
masquers,  with  their  torch-bearers  and  pages,  rode  likewise 
upon  horses  exceedingly  well  trapped  and  furnished,  besides 
a  dozen  little  boys,  dressed  like  baboons,  that  served  for  an 
anti-masque,  and,  they  say,  performed  it  exceedingly  well 
when  they  came  to  it  j  and  three  open  chariots,  drawn  Avitli 


606  PERIOD   III.    NOVEMBER,  1G09-JULY,  1614. 

four  horses  a  piece,  that  carried  their  musicians  and  other 
personages  that  had  parts  to  speak.  All  which,  together 
with  their  trumpeters  and  other  attendants,  were  so  well  set 
out,  that  it  is  generally  held  for  the  best  show  that  hath 
been  seen  many  a  day.  The  King  stood  in  the  gallery  to 
behold  them,  and  made  them  ride  about  the  Tilt  Yard,  and 
then  they  were  received  into  St.  James's  Park,  and  so  out, 
all  along  the  galleries,  into  the  hall,  where  themselves  and 
their  devices,  which  they  say  were  excellent,  made  such  a 
glittering  show,  that  the  King  and  all  the  company  were 
exceedingly  pleased,  and  especially  with  their  dancing,  which 
was  beyond  all  that  hath  been  seen  yet.  The  King  made 
the  Masters  kiss  his  hand  on  parting,  and  gave  them  many 
thanks,  saying,  he  never  saw  so  many  proper  men  together, 
and  himself  accompanied  them  at  the  banquet,  and  took 
care  it  should  be  well  ordered,  and  speaks  much  of  them 
behind  their  backs,  and  strokes  the  Master  of  the  rolls  [Sir 
Edward  Phillips]  and  Dick  Martin,  who  were  chief  doers 
and  uiider-takers." 

[Mem.  —  Frederick  Prince  Palatyne  and  the  Lady  Eliza- 
beth were  married  on  Shrove-Sunday  [Saint  Valentine's 
day]  the  14th  of  February,  1613,  in  his  Majesty's  Chapell 
Royall  at  White  Hall,  by  the  Right  Reverend  father  in  God, 
George,  Archbishop  of  Canterbury,  assisted  by  James  Mon- 
tague, Bishop  of  Bathe  and  Welles.] 

CCLI.     DIGBY  TO  JAMES   I. 

February  18,  1613.     Madrid.     Digbye  to  James  I. 

..."  It  is  true  that  they  do  make  ready  their  Fleet  at 
Lisbone.  .  .  .  The  only  action  which  I  conceave  jDOSsible 
(and  indeed  something  probable)  for  them  to  enter  into,  is 
to  Essay  the  removing  of  the  English  from  their  Plantation 
in  Verginea  ;  the  which  they  here  generally  profess,  touch- 
eth  this  King  (both  in  Honor  and  likewise  in  prevention  of 
the  inconvenience,  which  the  English  setling  there  may  pro- 


LETTER   FROM   LISBON.  607 

cure  to  their  "West  Indies)  not  to  permitt.  And  this  verie 
day,  they  have  clapped  vip  into  close  prison  Clarke  the 
English  Pilot,  whome  two  yeares  since  they  brought  from 
Virginea,  having  formerly  used  him  well,  and  permitted  him 
his  libertie,  only  being  attended  by  a  keeper.  .  .  . 

"  yf  they  attempt  anything  against  Verginea  it  will  be 
the  West  Indian  gaUeons  from  the  Havana,  in  the  island  of 
Cuba,  with  the  forces  of  those  parts.  I  do  meane  presently 
to  send  downe  a  couple  of  fitt  persons,  whome  I  have  pro- 
vided to  enter  themselves  into  this  King's  service  in  his 
Navie,  who  I  hope  mlbe  able  to  attaine  in  some  part,  to  the 
knowledge  of  their  intents,  and  to  advertise  me  from  time 
to  tune,  of  such  things  as  they  shalbe  able  to  learne." 


CCLIL     LETTER  FROM  LISBON. 

February  11,  1613.  "  An  abstract  out  of  a  letter  written 
from  Lisborne  bearing  date  the  21.  of  februarye  1613.  st'do 
novo. 

"  Here  is  upon  the  suddaine  comaundment  geven  for  the 
preparinge  thirteene  sayle  of  shippinge  to  bee  readye  to  sett 
sayle  by  the  25'*'  of  march  next :  —  First  they  are  to  sayle 
unto  Cadiz  there  to  take  in  soldiers  munition  and  victuals ; 
from  thence  it  is  divulo-ed  among^st  the  common  sort  that 
they  are  to  goe  unto  the  Bermudas  there  to  inhabit,  others 
say  playnelye  that  they  goe  where  the  English  shall  pay 
for  it,  which  is  for  Virginia,  for  that  is  the  marke  they 
shoote  at,  as  theire  owne  proceedings  doe  manifest.  For  in 
theire  entertainment  they  receive  of  all  nations  that  will 
offer  themselves  to  goe  m  this  ser\dce :  Almains,  Italians, 
French  and  Irish ;  but  neyther  English,  Scottish  nor  Dutch 
wiU  be  permitted  nor  entertayned  to  goe  in  the  voyadge. 
To  such  straungers  as  will  come  .  .  .  there  shall  be  geven 
9  months  pay  before  hand." 


608  PERIOD   III.     NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

CCLIII.     A   BROADSIDE   BY  THE  COUNCIL. 

Written  between  February  and  May,  1613.  It  is  No. 
135  in  the  "  Catalogue  of  Broadsides  "  in  the  possession  of 
the  Society  of  Antiquaries  of  London,  1866.  I  know  of  no 
other  copy. 

"  By  his  Maiesties  Councell  for  Virginia. 

"  Whereas  sundrie  the  adventurers  to  Virginia  in  their 
zeale  to  that  memorable  worke,  the  plantation  of  that  coun- 
try with  an  EngHsh  Colonic,  for  the  establishing  of  the 
Gospell  there,  and  the  Honour  of  our  King  and  Country, 
have  published  a  little  standing  Lotterie  consisting  but  of 
12  pence  for  every  Lot.  And  therein  have  proportioned 
to  the  adventurers  more  then  the  one  halfe  to  be  repayed  in 
money,  of  faire  Prizes  without  any  abatement,  besides  sundry 
other  Welcomes  and  Rewards ;  hoping  that  the  inhabitants 
of  this  honourable  citie  adventuring  even  but  small  summes 
of  money,  would  have  soone  supplied  so  little  a  summe 
appointed  to  so  good  a  worke :  Which  wee  did  purpose  to 
draw  out  in  Candlemas  Tearme  last ;  yet  now  seeing  that  the 
slow  bringing  in  of  their  money  hath  crossed  our  intents, 
either  because  there  was  no  certaine  day  nominated  for  the 
drawing  thereof,  or  for  some  lewd  aspertions  that  no  good 
successe  was  likely  to  ensue  to  this  action. 

"  Wee  doe  therefore  signifie,  that  a  month  past,  We  sent 
away  a  ship  thither  with  her  competent  number  of  good  men 
and  munition,  and  doe  purpose  continually  to  supply  them 
to  the  utmost  of  our  meanes.  The  rather  for  that  wee  have 
information  from  them,  that  they  are  now  able  to  subsist  of 
themselves,  and  want  only  more  able  labouring  men,  and 
convenient  clothing  for  them. 

"  In  consideration  whereof.  We  do  certifie  all  men,  that 
we  do  purpose  (God  willing)  to  begin  the  drawing  of  this 
Lotterie  the  10.  day  of  May  next.  And  that  the  last  day 
of  bringing  in  any  money  shall  be  the  3.  day  of  the  same 
moneth.  Betwixt  which  times  the  books  shall  be  brought 
in,  and  made  up,  and  the  Lots  written  out  proportionable 
according  to  the  moneys  that  shall  come  in. 


CHARTER  GRANTED  TO  THE  RUSSIA  COMPANY.   609 

"  Imprinted  by  Felix  Kingston  for  William  Well)y,  dwell- 
ing at  the  Signe  of  the  Swanne  in  Pauls  Churchyard,  1613." 


CCLIV.     DIGBY  TO  JAMES  I. 

March  5,  1613,  Madrid.     Digbye  to  James  I. 

..."  I  am  advertised  from  Sevill  and  Lisbone,  that  they 
use  all  possible  dilligence  for  the  making  ready  of  the  ship- 
ping and  soldiers  ...  so  that  by  the  end  of  Aprill  they  in- 
tend certeynely  to  put  to  Sea.  Those  that  I  imploye  send 
me  word  that  they  every  day  growe  more  to  doubt,  that 
there  wilbe  something  attempted  against  the  Plantation  in 
Verginea,  and  they  are  strengthened  in  tliis  their  beleife, 
for  that  though  they  have  so  greate  want  of  men,  that  they 
have  made  publique  Proclamations,  that  whosoever  will  serve 
in  this  voyage  shall  receave  nine  monethes  pay  beforehand, 
yet  they  refuse  to  admitt  of  English,  Scottish  and  Holland- 
ers, but  not  of  Irish.  But  men  of  good  judgement  here  in 
Court  (and  in  whome  I  have  reason  to  have  some  confidence) 
assure  me  that  there  is  no  such  intent :  But  howsoever  it 
wilbe  requisite  that  those  of  Verginea  live  in  a  Continuall 
expectation  of  being  assailed,  for  first  or  last,  the  Spaniards 
will  certeynely  attempt  them,  for  therof  they  make  already 
publique  profession." 

CCLV.  CHARTER  GRANTED  TO  THE  RUSSIA  COMPANY. 

March  13,  1613.  King  James  granted  new  letters 
patents  to  the  Muscovy  Company  "  enlarging  their  Priv- 
ileges." 

"  As  the  Company  had  been  at  vast  charges  in  fitting  out 
great  Numbers  of  ships  for  the  discovery  of  New  Countries, 
Isles  &c.  And  had  discovered  several  countiies,  the  trade 
whereof,  is  of  very  great  advantage  to  this  Nation,  viz  ; 
Cherry  Islands,  Greenland,  Nova  Zembla,  Davyes's  Streights, 
Grooneland,  Hudson's  Bay,  New  foundland,  the  North  of 
America :  as  will  at  large  appear  by  the  Journals  kept  by 


610  PERIOD   III.     NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1G14. 

•  their  commanders,  in  the  said  voyages,  and  registered  in  the 
High  Court  of  Admii-alty."  —  Strype. 

This  charter  exchided  all  others  from  the  seal  and  whale 
fisheries  of  the  northern  ocean,  Greenland,  Spitzbergen,  etc. 
This  company  was  managed  by  nearly  the  same  officers  as 
the  East  India  and  Virginia  companies. 


CCLVI.     CHAMBERLAIN  TO  CARLETON. 

London,  March  (14-25?),  1613. 

..."  The  elder  Taylor,  that  was  in  the  Gate-house,  hath 
found  the  means  to  escape,  so  that  now  they  are  both  gone. 
The  keeper  is  committed,  and  a  Florentine  that  served  the 
Lord  Vaux,  as  suspected  to  be  privy  to  his  escape.  For 
my  part,  I  am  not  sorry  to  be  rid  of  them ;  for,  though 
they  were  notorious  rascals,  yet  I  know  not  what  we  should 
have  done  ^dth  them.  Yet  it  was  in  consultation  to  send 
them  to  Virginia;  but  I  see  not  to  what  purpose."  .  .  . 

CCLVII.    PHILIP  III.  TO  VELASCO. 

GENERAL  ARCHIVES  OF  SIMAXCAS.    DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE, 
VOLUME  2572,   FOLIO  7. 

Copy  of  an  extract  from  a  letter  of  H.  M.  to  Don  Alonso 

de  Velasco,  dated  Madrid,  April  1,  1613. 

"  There  has  been  received  what  you  say  in  your  letters 
of  January  22^  and  23^  as  to  the  subject  of  the  marriage 
of  the  Palatine  —  and  as  to  the  ^^reparations  made  for  Vir- 
ginia —  and  I  am  well  pleased  with  the  zeal  which  you 
show  in  keeping  me  informed  of  all  that  comes  to  your 
knowledge  —  and  I  shall  be  still  more  so,  if  you  succeed  in 
finding  out  what  really  goes  on  so  as  to  give  me  an  account 
of  it  —  and  if  you  can  find  decent  and  secret  means  for  it, 
I  shall  be  glad  for  you  to  prevent  that  marriage.  "  * 

^  Tlie  marriage  had  already  taken  King,  bishop  of  London,  wrote  to 
place,  at  an  earlier  day,  I  take  it,  than  Carletou  :  "  The  festivals  have  passed, 
expected.       On    February    27,    John     not  without  caution  against  some  prae- 


RICHARD  HUMBLE,  EsQUiRE 


CRASHAW'S  EPISTLE  DEDICATORY.  611 

[Mem.  —  "  James  by  his  letters  patent  dated  March  29, 
1613,  in  his  eleventh  year,  incorporated  the  Irish  Society, 
by  the  name  of  '  The  Governor  and  Assistants  of  the  New 
Plantation  in  Ulster,  within  the  realm  of  Ireland.'  *  A 
new  county  was  thereby  erected,  which,  uniting  the  old 
name  of  Derry  with  its  new  Masters,  the  Corporations  and 
Companies  of  London,  is  now  called  London-Derry.'  This 
new  settlement  was  mapped  and  divided  by  the  Irish  So- 
ciety, as  nearly  as  could  be,  into  twelve  equal  parts;  and 
the  twelve  companies,^  who  had  equally  contributed  to  the 
raising  of  the  £60,000,  drew  lots  for  their  several  shares."  — 
Herbert's  "  Hist,  of  the  Twelve  Livery  Companies  of  Lou- 
don."] 

CCLVIII.     CRASHAW'S  EPISTLE  DEDICATORY. 

I  do  not  know  the  exact  date  of  pubhcation  of  CCXXIX., 
CCXXX.,  and  CCLVIII.,  as  it  seems  they  were  not  entered 
for  publication  at  Stationers'  Hall;  but  as  CCLIX.  was 
probably  published  in  April,  1613,  and  as  CCLVIII.,  which 
probably  preceded  it,  was  evidently  printed  after  CCXLV. 
I  suppose  we  may  place  their  publication  about  February 
or  March,  1613.  I  have  already  given  Whitaker's  letter 
(CCXXIX.)  and  extracts  from  his  book  (CCXXX.).  They 
were  published  with  the  following  title  :  — 

"  Good  Newes  from  Viroinia.     Sent  to  the  Councell  and 

o 

Company  of  Virginia,  resident  in  England.  From  Alex- 
ander Whitaker,  The  Minister  of  Henrico  in  Virginia. 
Wherein  Also  is  a  Narration  of  the  present  State  of  that 
country,  and  our  Colonies  there.  Perused  and  published  by 
direction  from  that  counsell.     And   a  Preface  prefixed  of 

tise  so  nmch  prognosticated.  The  in  the  American  enterprise  ;  but  these 
King  shows  his  people  that  he  will  companies,  as  corporate  bodies,  soon 
not  be  surprised  sleeping.  Rome  transferred  their  interest  in  the  far 
would  be  mistress  of  the  Church,  and  distant  Virginia  plantations,  and  de- 
Spain  of  Nations."  voted    tht  mselves    to    their    lands   in 

^  Very  many  merchants  of  London  Ireland,  nearer  at  hand, 
as  individuals  continued  their  interest 


612  PERIOD   III.     NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

some  matters  touching  that  Plantation  very  requisite  to  be 
made  knowne.  At  London.  Imprinted  by  Felix  Kyngston 
for  William  Welby,  and  are  to  be  sold  at  his  shop  in  Paul's 
Churchyard  at  the  signe  of  the  Swanne.      1613." 

The  "Preface  prefixed"  is  really  W.  Crashaw's  "Epistle 
Dedicatorie"  (CCLVIII.). 

Originals,  worth  over  $500  each,  are  preserved  in  the 
hbraries  of  Congress,  Carter-Brown,  and  Mr.  Kalbfleisch. 

I  have  never  seen  a  complete  reprint.  Some  extracts  are 
given  by  Mr.  Neill  in  his  "  Virginia  Company,"  and  by 
Professor  Tyler  in  his  "  History  of  American  Literature." 

Crashaw  had  a  wonderful  command  of  language  and  used 
a  great  many  words  in  expressing  his  ideas.  His  "  Epistle 
Dedicatorie "  contains  over  7,000  words.  I  cannot  give 
the  whole  of  it ;  but  as  it  has  never  been  printed  in  this 
country  I  will  give  enough  of  it  to  show  its  character,  and 
then  make  some  extracts  from  the  remainder. 

I  quote  from  the  book  as  printed,  noting  the  pages  ex- 
tracted from. 

[p.  ii.]  "  To  The  Right  Honorable,  My  very  Good  Lord, 

Raph  Lord  Uere,  Lord  President  of  Wales  :  Con- 
tinuance and  encrease  of  all  Honor  and  happinesse,  from 
Christ  Jesus. 

"  Right  Honorable,  amongst  the  many  discouragements 
that  have  attended  this  glorious  businesse  of  the  Virginian 
plantation ;  none  hath  been  so  frequent,  and  so  forcible,  as 
the  calumnies  and  slanders,  raised  upon  our  Colonies,  and 
the  Countrey  it  selfe.  These  being  debased  by  the  Divell 
and  set  abroach  by  idle  and  base  companions,  are  blowen 
abroad  by  Papists,  Players  and  such  like,  till  they  have 
filled  the  vulgar  eares  :  And  having  once  entred,  then 
they  run  (like  wilde  fire)  from  man  to  man :  for  as  wilde 
fire,  hardly  findes  a  house  which  is  not  matter  combus- 
tible ;  so  these  idles  tales  hardly  meete  a  man  who  gives 
not  (passage  at  the  least,  if  not)  credit  to  them :    where- 


CRASHAW'S  EPISTLE   DEDICATORY.  613 

upon  the  Divell  and  his  cassociates  (of  all  sorts)   [p.  iii.] 
hold  and  practise  this   rule,  as  a  sure  Maxime, 
speake   anything,    some   will   beleeve   it :    be   it   never   so 
false,  some  will   entertaine   it,   Truth   and  Inno-   Caiumniare 
ceneie  shall  never  so  wipe  it  off,  but  some  thino"   ^^/i^cter, 

A  '  o     ahqiud 

will  stick  behind.  Our  onely  Comforts  is  (next  bseret. 
« to  the  assurance  of  God's  acceptation  of  the  worke)  that  men 
of  honourable  minds,  and  ingenuous  dispositions,  and  all 
that  are  godly-wise,  will  check  and  controule  these  idle  and 
slanderous  surmises,  as  they  meet  with  them :  and  for  their 
better  assistance,  encouragement  and  direction  in  so  doing, 
our  Counsell  and  Govern  ours  hold  it  needfuU  to  make 
knowne  to  the  world,  such  relations  and  informations  as  we 
receive  from  thence,  from  men  of  judgement  and  experience, 
and  of  approved  faithfulnesse  and  integritie.  And  there- 
fore though  this  ensuing  Treatise  (written  by  Master 
Whitaker,  one  of  our  Ministers  in  Virginia)  was  spoken 
there,  and  sent  hither  rather  for  the  private  use  and  en- 
couragement of  such,  whose  purses  heere,  or  persons  there, 
were  engaged  in  the  action,  then  with  any  intent  to  make 
it  publike  :  yet  for  the  reasons  aforesaid,  it  was  held  fit 
after  mature  consideration  to  divulge  it,  that  so  the  naked 
and  plaine  truth,  may  give  a  just  affront  to  the  cunning  and 
coloured  falsehoods  devised  by  the  enemies  of  this  Planta- 
tion. And  because  the  man  was  once  so  well  knowne  to 
me  (as  he  is  still,  and  ever  shall  be  beloved  of  me)  I  was 
desired  by  them,  that  may  command  mee,  to  peruse  the 
originall  itself e,  and  for  that  I  had  (as  they  probably  thought) 
some  knowledge  of  his  hand,  to  consider  whether 
truly  or  suspiciously  it  bore  his  name.  And  if  [p.  iv.] 
I  found  cause  of  the  least  suspicion,  to  reject  it : 
but  if,  by  true  and  infallible  tokens,  to  be  his  hand,  then 
to  give  some  testimony  to  the  world  of  a  truth  so  evi- 
dent ? 

"  Two  points  therefore  I  perceive  needfull  to  bee  made 
knowne,  which  I  desire  all  men  to  take  notice  of,  from  mee, 
who  have  pecuhar  reason  to  know  them  both,  so  well,  as 


614  PERIOD   III.     NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

few  or  no  other  can  :  first,  who  the  Author  is ;  and  then, 
The  first  whether  this  come  undoubtedly  from  him  or  no. 
MasteTwhit-  "  The  Author  is  Master  Alexander  Whitaker, 
akeristhat     Preaclicr  to  the  Colonic   at  Henrico,  under  the 

wrote  this  ' 

Treatise.  govcmment  of  tlic  valorous  and  worthy  Knight 
Sir  Thomas  Dale,  with  whom  also  he  went:  he  was  sonne 
to  that  reverend  renowned  Doctor  Whitaker :  a  Master  of 
Arts  of  five  or  six  yeares  standing  in  Cambridge  ;  was 
seated  in  the  North-Countrey,  where  he  was  well  approved 
by  the  greatest,  and  beloved  of  his  people,  and  had  com- 
petent allowance  to  his  good  liking,  and  was  in  a  good  pos- 
sibility of  better  living,  as  any  of  his  time  :  he  had  also 
some  meanes  of  his  owne  left  him  by  his  parents :  all 
which  notwithstanding,  he  meerely  of  himselfe,  for  ought  I 
know,  entertained  a  purpose  of  going  to  Virginia,  to  assist 
that  Christian  plantation  in  the  function  of  a  Preacher  of 
the  Gospell.  And  having  after  many  distractions  and  com- 
bates  with  himselfe  (as  he  told  me)  settled  his  resolution, 
that  God  called  him  thither,  and  therefore  he  would  goe : 
He  accordingly  made  it  good  notwithstanding  the  earnest, 
diswasions  of  many  his  nearest  friends,  and  the  great  dis- 
couragements which  he  daily  heard  of,  touch- 
[p.  v.]  ing  the  businesse  and  Countrey  itselfe :  and  ar- 
rived there  with  Sir  Thomas  Dale,  by  a  very 
speedy  and  safe  passage  (scarce  of  eight  weekes  long)  in  May 
1611.  from  whence  he  hath  since  then  written  many  com- 
fortable letters,  both  to  the  Counsell  and  Committies,  and 
his  private  friends :  and  of  late  (after  he  had  beene  there  a 
yeare  and  more)  hath  sent  us  this  little  Treatise,  which  as  I 
The  Second  ^uow  assurcdly  to  come  from  him,  and  to  be  a 
point:  That  great  part  of  it  written,  and  all  of  it  subscribed 
ediy  his,  and  with  liis  owuc  liaud.  So  I  dare  say  if  he  had 
h^'owne"  ^  thought  wcc  would  liavc  published  it,  he  would 
hand.  otherwise  have  adorned  it :  for  I  know  (and  so 

do  others  that  know  him)  hee  is  able  to  have  written  it  in 
Latine  or  in  Greeke,  and  so  to  have  decked  it  both  for 
phrase  and  stile,  and  other  ornaments  of  learning  and  Ian- 


CRASHAW'S  EPISTLE  DEDICATORY.  615 

guage,  as  might  shew  him  no  unworthye  soiine  of  so  wor- 
thy a  father :  And  I  dare  say,  if  he  live  (be  it  in  England 
or  Virginia)  he  will  in  due  time  manifest  to  the  world  by 
true  and  good  evidence,  that  God  hath  made  him  heire,  as 
of  divers  of  the  holy  vertues,  so  of  a  good  part  of  the 
learning  of  his  renowned  father.  And  the  more  liberall  am 
I  in  giving  him  his  due,  the  further  he  is  off  mee,  and  by 
that  meanes  can  be  the  lesse  sensible  of  it. 

"  Nor  speake  I  this  so  much  for  his  sake  (though  I  love 
him  above  many,  and  know  it  above  any  other)  whose  owne 
deeds  will  sufficiently  approve  him.     As  for  the  truth  which 
is  so  much  suppressed,   and  that  Christian    plantation    so 
much  disparaged  in  this  base  world  :  for  are  they  not  so 
impudent  as  to  say ;    who   go   thither  but   base 
and  bankerupt  persons,  and  who  have  no  meanes  [p.  vi.] 
of  their  owne  ?  or  else  such  as  are  perswaded  and 
wrought    upon  to   go  ?    And  when    they   come   there,   are 
they  not  starved,  and  do  they  not  die  Hke  dogges?  But 
how  false  this  is  in  respect  of  the  Countrey,  the  narration 
interlaced  in  this  discourse  from  him  that  lives  there,  will 
declare  :  and  how  slanderous  the  other  is  to  the  persons,  I 
shall  in  some  sort  make  it  appeare. 

"  I  therefore  hereby  let  all  men  know  (and  malice  itselfe 
shall  never  disprove  it)  that  a  Schollar,  a  Graduate,  a 
Preacher,  well  borne,  and  friended  in  England,  not  in  debt 
nor  disgrace,  but  competently  provided  for,  and  Hked,  and 
beloved  where  he  Hved,  not  in  want,  (but  for  a  scholler,  and 
as  these  days  be)  rich  in  possession,  and  more  in  possibilitie, 
of  himselfe  without  any  perswasion  (but  Gods,  and  his 
owne  heart)  did  voluntarily  leave  his  warme  nest,  and  to 
the  wonder  of  his  kindred,  and  amazement  of  them  that 
knew  him,  undertooke  this  hard,  but  in  my  Judgement, 
heroicall  resolution  to  go  to  Virginia,  and  helpe  to  beare 
the  name  of  God  unto  the  Gentiles.  Men  may  muse  at  it ; 
some  may  laugh,  and  others  wonder  at  it.  But  will  you 
know  the  reason?  God  will  be  g-lorified  in  his  owne 
workes,  and  what  he  hath  determined  to  do,  hee  will  find 


616  PERIOD  III.    NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

meanes  to  bring  to  passe,  for  the  perfecting-  therefore,  of 
this  blessed  worke ;  he  hath  stirred  up  able  and  worthie 
men  to  undertake  the  manning  and  managing  of  it :  Magis- 
tracie  and  Ministery  are  the  strength  and  sinewes ;  nay  the 
very  life  and  being  of  a  Christian  body  politique.  There- 
fore  seeing  without   these   all   emptying   of   purses   heere, 

and  ventering  of  persons  thither,  is  to  no  pur- 
[p.  vii.]     pose.     God  in  his  wisdome  provided,  and  in  his 

mercie  provoked,  godly  and  able  men  to  furnish 
both  these  functions :  and  such  as  miaht  at  home  have 
lived  in  place  of  honour  and  command,  or  in  fashion  com- 
petent and  convenient  to  their  conditions. 

"  And  this.  Right  Honorable,  is  one  of  the  foure  Argu- 
ments, and  as  it  were  plaine  demonstrations,  that  have  con- 
vinced mee  to  beleeve  that  assuredly  God  himselfe  is  the 
founder,  and  favourer  of  this  Plantation.  And  I  will  crave 
leave  of  your  Lordship  to  put  them  downe,  because  I  am  of 
minde,  that  the  want  either  of  knowledge,  cr  consideration 
hereof,  hath  beene,  and  is  the  cause  of  the  error  and  mis- 
prision of  the  world,  touching  this  busmes ;  and  do  thinke 
that  if  men  did  ruminate,  and  advisedly  consider  of  these 
particulars,  they  would  reprove  themselves  for  their  former 
thoughts,  and  say  plainly.  Digitus  Dei  est  hie. 

"  1.  The  marvellous  and  indeed  miraculous  deliverance 
of  our  worthy  Governours,  Sir  Thomas  Gates,  Liefetenant 
generall,  and  Sir  George  Somers,  Admirall,  with  all  their 
Company,  of  some  hundred  and  fiftie  persons,  upon  the 
feared  and  abhorred  Hands  of  the  Barmudaes,  without 
losse  of  one  person,  when  the  same  houre  nothing  was 
before  their  eyes,  but  imminent  and  inevitable  death ;  as 
never  ship  came  there  that  perished  not,  so  never  was  it 
hoard  of,  that  any  ship  wrackt  there,  but  with  the  death  of 
all  or  most  of  the  people,  save  onely  this  of  ours.     Oh  how 

the  world  should  have  rung  of  it  ere  this,  if  a 
[p.  viii.]  farre  lesse  deliverance  had  happened  to  any  of 

the  Jesuiticall  plantations  :  and  surely  the  Coun- 
sell  of  Virjrinia  doe  wronof  themselves  and  the  businesse : 


CRASHAW'S  EPISTLE  DEDICATORY.  617 

nay  they  must  oive  me  leave  to  tell  them  they  obscure  the 
glorie  of  God,  if  they  take  not  order,  that  a  full  compleate 
and  ijlaine  narration  of  that  whole  action,  both  danger  and 
deliverance  be  published  to  the  world.     [See  CCLIX.] 

"  2.  The   full    disco verie    (by    meanes    of    their   former 
deliverance)  of  those  Barmuda  Hands,  which  hitherto  have 
beene  held  in  the  world,  as  inaccessible  .  .  .  and   [Extracts 
given  up  to   the   divels  power  .  .   .  are  found  a   ^'^s'"-^ 
habitation  of  such  safetie  and  securitie  (having  no  enemie 
within  nor  any  to  be  feared  without,  because  the  entrance 
is  so  difficult :)  and  of  such  plentie  of  all  things  for  life. 
...  as  for  the  present  they  bee  even  as  a  new 
life  [CCX.]  and  a  seminarie  to  Virginia.   .  .   .         [p.  ix.] 

"  3.  The  speciall  and  most  fatherly  providence 
of  God  over  this  action,  in  upholding  it  when  man  had  for- 
saken it,  and  giving  it  life  againe  when  man  had  left  it  for 
dead :  for  had  not  Sir  Thomas  Gates  and  Sir  George  Som- 
ers  come  into  Virginia  from  the  Barmudaes  even  when  they 
did,  the  poore  Colonic  (which  during  that  year  of  their 
absence,  by  enduring  the  miserie  of  mis-government,^  had 
fallen  into  all  extremitie  of  distresse)  had  been  gone  away, 
and  our  Plantation  possessed  by  the  Savages  :  and  (which 
was  much  more  miraculous)  when  they  being  come  in,  and 
in  all  about  240.  persons,  and  in  such  extreame  miserie  and 
faminine,  as  the  Honorable  Commander  was  even  forced  to 
yeeld  to  that  which  others  moved  (but  himselfe  had  rather 
have  died  then  done)  namely  to  put  themselves  to  the  Sea 
to  come  for  England,  and  quit  the  countrey :  and  when 
this  (full  sore  against  his  heart)  was  put  in  execution,  and 
every  man  aboord,  their  Ordenance  and  Armour  buried, 
and  not  an  English  soule  left  in  James  Towne,  and  giving 

1  The  disasters  of  this  time  made  stating  the  fact  that  the  trouble  was 

"varnished  reports,"  as  the  managers  really  "  the  sickness  "  and  not  "  misgov- 

of  the  enterprise  called  them,  neces-  ernment"     As  a  further  proof  of  this 

sary,   and    the    truth   was    not    then  fact,  when  De  la  Warr  left  Virginia  in 

known    to    Crashaw   <ir   generally   in  March,  1611,  he  made  especial  selec- 

England.       Some     years     after.     Sir  tion  of  Captain  George   Percy,  in  ap- 

Thomas  Sniythe  was  taken  to  task  for  proval  of  his  government  of  1G09-1610. 


618  PERIOD  III.    NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  16U. 

by  their  peale  of  shot,  their  last  and  wofull  farewell  to  that 
pleasant  land,  were  now  with  sorrowf ull  hearts  going  downe 
the  River :  Behold  the  hand  of  heaven  from  above,  at  the 
very  instant,  sent  in  the  Right  Honorable  La-War  to  meet 
them  even  at  the  rivers  mouth,  with  provisions  and  com- 
forts of  all  kind :  Who,  if  hee  had  staled  but  two 
[p.  X.]  Tydes  longer  had  come  into  Virginia,  and  not 
found  one  Enghshman  :  whereupon  they  all  with 
as  much  joy  returned,  as  with  sorrow  they  had  come  away, 
and  making  as  it  were  a  new  entrie  and  possession,  tooke 
up  their  Ordnance  and  their  Armour  and  the  next  day 
received  their  Honorable  Lord  Generall,  with  all  joy  and 
applause,  and  from  that  day  by  Gods  blessing  they  never 
Avanting  government,  they  never  wanted  bread,  for  him 
that  would  take  paines  and  do  his  dutie.  If  ever  the  hand 
of  God  appeered  in  action  of  man,  it  was  heere  most  evi- 
dent :  for  when  man  had  forsaken  this  businesse,  God  tooke 
it  in  hand ;  and  when  men  said,  now  hath  all  the  earth  cast 
off  the  care  of  this  Plantation,  the  hand  of  heaven  hath 
taken  hold  of  it :  God  therefore  bee  glorified  in  his  owne 
worke." 

Crashaw  then  goes  on  to  give  his  version  of  the  cause  why 

the  colony  "should  fall  in  such  extremities  of  want." 
[p.  xi.]        "  When  the  two  forenamed  Commanders,  in  the 

great  shippe  (called  the  Sea -Venture)  were  lost, 
and  yet  saved  upon  the  Barmudaes,  then*  Fleet  consist- 
ing of  sixe  or  seven  ships  more,  and  fraught  with  almost 
foure  hundred  men  landed  (after  a  long  and  terrible  tem- 
pest) in  Virginia,  where  so  many  men  wanting  their  Gov- 
ernors, and  being  too  many  to  be  commanded  by  the  Col- 
ony they  found  there  before  them,  fell  first  into  factions, 
and  at  last  into  plaine  distractions  :  and  so  one  yeare  of 
misgovernment  overthrew  that  body,  which  till  then  had 
prospered,  and  by  good  government  was  brought  to  so 
good  a  state,  as  at  their  landing  they  had  corne  sufficient  in 
store,^  a  harvest  in  the  ground,  good  store  of  living  cattell, 

1  This  statement  is  not  sustained  by  the  facts. 


CRASHAW'S   EPISTLE   DEDICATORY.  619 

and  had  the  Savages  in  good  correspondeneie  :  but  this  one, 
yea  our  want  of  government  (the  most  disasterous  accident 
that  ever  befell  that  businesse)  brought  all  to  nothing,  for 
it  hindered  the  building  of  houses,  and  planting  of  corne, 
nay  it  burnt  up  the  houses,  and  consumed  the  provisions ; 
so  that  of  good  store  of  poultrie,  it  left  not  one  alive,  and 
of  six  hundred  living  Swine,  not  three  :  and  which  was 
worse,  consumed  our  men,  and  which  was  worst  of  all,  it 
lost  us  the  Savages,  which  since  has  cost  many  a  man  his 
blood,  and  to  this  day  is  not  recovered. 

"  All  this  while  were  the  Commanders,  and  their  Com- 
pany in  the  Barmudas,"  etc. 

"  My  fourth  and  last  Argument  [that  the  planta-  [p.  xiii.] 
tion  was  God's  work]  is,  the  stirring  up  of  so  many 
Honorable  and  worthy  persons  of  all  conditions,  to  disburse 
so  freely  and  so  willingly,  such  faire  summes  of  money,  and 
some  of  them  even  a  good  part  of  their  estate,  and  that  with- 
out any  certaine  or  apparent  hope  of  speedie  profit,"  etc. 

On  p.  XV.  he  gives  a  sketch  of  Mr.  Glover,  who  "  went 
away  with  Sir  Thomas  Gates  in  June,  1611."  On  p.  xvi., 
of  Master  Whitaker,  and  on  p.  xvii.,  of  Master  Bucke,  who 
went  to  Virginia  "  with  the  commendation  of  a  right  rev- 
erned  Prelate.  Doctor  Ravis,  Lord  Bishop  of 
London."  "  And  thus  (Right  Honorable)  you  [p.  xviii.] 
have  the  reason  that  have  satisfied  my  conscience, 
that  this  worke  is  of  God,  and  will  therefore  stand,  though 
man  should  unfaithfully  forsake  it,"  etc. 

In  conclusion  he  writes :  "  It  may  hereby 
appeare  they  have  God  their  friend  and  pro-  [p.  xxiii.] 
tector,  they  have  honorable  and  worthie  Govern- 
ours,  godly  and  pamefull  Preachers,  a  goodly  Countrle  and 
no  want  of  necessaries,  since  they  had  government,  they 
onely  want  the  hands  and  helpe  of  men  \silling  and  able  to 
do  such  duties  of  men,  as  be  requisite  in  a  Plantation,  and 
the  expence  that  principally  and  almost  onely  noAv  lyes 
upon  us,  is  the  charge  of  sending  away,  a  competent  num- 
ber of  men,  the  charge  whereof  will  be  about  20.  pound  a 


620  PERIOD  III.    NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  16M. 

man.  If  this  were  done,  it  would  soone  appeare,  that  our 
cares  and  costs  were  at  an  end,  and  that  a  glorious  and 
Comfortable  Issue  is  shortly  to  bee  looked  for ;  which  how- 
soever it  may  be  deferred,  through  the  backwardnesse  of 
some,  back  sliding  of  others,  and  coldnesse  of  all:  yet  that 
it  will  come  assuredly  in  the  end,  the  goodnesse,  riches,  and 
excellency  of  the  Countrey,  doth  undoubtedly  promise  us, 
as  may  appeare  (beside  others)  in  the  booke  lately  put  out, 
[CCXLIV.]  of  Captaine  Smithes^  who  was  there  divers 
yeares,  (and  whose  paines  and  service  there,  deserves  in  my 
judgement  high  commendations,)  and  by  this  exhortation 
and  narration  of  Master  Whitaker,  who  now  is  there."  The 
editor  has  placed  in  a  side  -  note,  opposite  the  reference  to 
Captain  Smithes  book  :  "  See  the  booke  called.  The  New 
life  of  Virginia."  [CCX.] 

Crashaw   ends   with   a   courteous   address  to  the   Lord 
Eure  :  — 
[p.  xxiv.]  "  And  these  true  and  welcome  newes  from 

Virginia,  as  they  go  out  to  the  world  ushered, 
and  attended  with  this  my  poore  preface,  So  I  send  them 
first  to  Your  Lordship,  as  having  a  peculiar  interest  both  in 
them  and  me :   .   .  . 

*'  Your  Lordships  devoted  in  Christ. 

"  W.  Crashawe." 


CCLIX.    A  PLAIN   DESCRIPTION   OF   BERMUDA. 

"  A  plaine  Description  of  the  Barmudas,  now  called  Som- 
mer  Hands.  With  the  manner  of  their  discoverie  Anno 
1609.  by  the  shipwrack  and  admirable  deliverance  of  Sir 
Thomas  Gates,  and  Sir  George  Sommers,  wherein  are  truly 
set  forth  the  commodities  and  profits  of  that  Rich,  Pleasant 
and  Healthf  nil  countrie.  With  an  Addition,  or  more  ample 
relation  of  divers  other  remarkable  matters  concerning  those 

1  This  shows  from  whnt  source  Cra-  Crashaw  evidently  thought  Smith 
shaw  obtained  his  incorrect  ideas  ex-  deserved  more  commendation  than  he 
pressed  on  p.  xi.  had  received. 


WILLIAM  KNOLLYS 
First  Earl  of  Banbury 


REPORT  OF  THE  SPANISH  COUNCIL.  621 

'  Hands  since  then  experienced,  lately  sent  from  tlience  by 
one  of  the  Colonic  now  there  resident. 

"  Ecclesiastes  iii.  11.  God  hath  made  everything  beaiiti- 
full  in  his  time. 

"London:  Printed  by  W.  Stansby,  for  W.  Welby. 
1613." 

This  tract  was  reprinted  by  Peter  Force,  in  1844,  in  vol.  iii. 
It  consists  of  "  The  Epistle-Dedicatorie "  (to  Sir  Thomas 
Smith,  "  Treasurer  for  the  Colonies  and  Companies  of  Vir- 
ginia, and  Governour  of  Muscovia,  East  India,  North-west 
Passage  and  Sommer  Hands  Companies  ")  which  was  written 
just  before  the  Martha  sailed  (in  April,  1613  ?),  and  signed 
"  your  servant  in  Christ  Jesus.  W.  C."  (the  initials  of  the 
Rev.  Wm.  Crashaw).  Then  Jourdan's  relation  (CXXXVII.) 
followed  by  "  An  addition  sent  home  by  the  last  ships 
from  our  Colonic  in  the  Barmudas."  April  to  August, 
1612. 

Originals,  worth  about  $150  each,  are  preserved  in  the 
John  Carter-Brown  Library,  and  in  the  library  of  Mr.  Kalb- 
fleisch. 


CCLX.     REPORT  OF  THE   SPANISH   COUNCIL. 

April  20,  1613.  "  Madrid,  Spain.  Advertisements  sent 
from  Don  Alonso  de  Velasco,  Ambassador  in  England,  with 
the  Councils  opinion  of  them  and  the  King's  direction. 
April  30^^  1613: 

"  Three  matters  of  great  consideration  in  the  despatches 
of  Don  Velasco.  .  .  . 

"  The  Thirde,  for  exchange  of  the  Prisoners,  it  is  good  to 
procure  that,  that  may  take  effect  which  hath  byne  agreed 
upon,  and  that  perfect  and  true  information  be  ])rocured  of 
the  estate  of  Virginia,  which  yf  the  Ambassador  alreadie 
have  not  hee  must  procure  speedilie,  and  accordinglie  the 
fittinge  remedie  must  bee  ordayned,  and  in  case  ytt  doe 
certainelie  appeare  to  bee  a  matter  of  Consequence,  provi- 
sion must  bee  made  to  remoove  tlie  Enoflish  from  thence. 


622  PERIOD   III.     NOVEMBER,  IGOO-JULY,  1614. 

"  The  Marques  of  Velado  agreeth  with  Don  Juan  de 
Idiaques  and  holdeth  itt  convenient  that  this  matter  of  Vir- 
ginia bee  lookt  unto  with  much  care,  for  that  yf  itt  shoulde 
bee  soe  prejudicial!  for  the  Indies  (as  some  doe  saye)  a  rem- 
edie  may  bee  provided  speediHe. 

"  The  Duke  de  Infantado  agreeth  with  Don  Juan  de 
Idiaques,  and  addeth  concerning  the  Prisoners,  that  the 
change  of  them  was  longe  since  agreed  uppon  and  to  this 
effect.  The  Spaniards  shoulde  bee  sent  into  England  and 
the  Englishman  to  this  Courte,  and  for  which  Don  Alonso 
de  Velasco  ought  so  have  laboured  itt  more  earnestlie,  and 
that  ytt  may  bee  Avritten  unto  him,  hee  loose  not  tune  in 
procuringe  performance  of  the  agreement,  and  that  hee  hath 
understoode  yt  this  Pylote,  all  whoe  will,  may  see  him, 
wherby  hee  judged  the  Spanish  Prisoners  to  bee  alreadie  in 
England,  hee  holds  itt  meete  this  Englishman  be  restrained, 
and  kept  with  more  strictness  ;  because  this  care  appearinge, 
they  in  Englande  may  esteeme  him  the  more,  and  seek  to 
procure  him  Release. 

"  The  Marques  de  Villa  Franca  and  the  Marques  de  la 
Laguna  agreeth.  .  .  . 

"  The  Kinges  decree  was  that  order  shoulde  bee  given  in 
aU  the  particulars  accordinge  to  the  opinion  of  the  Lordes." 


CCLXL     EDMONDES   TO  JAMES   I. 

April  24,  1613.  Paris,  France.  Sir  Thomas  Edmondes 
to  James  I. 

'•  Word  brought  to  him  that  Mons""  de  Hauterive  a  nephew 
of  Mon""  de  Villeroy's,  who  is  newely  arrived  out  of  Spayne, 
is  certainly  informed  that  the  fleete  which  is  there  prepar- 
ing for  the  West  Indies  is  intended  to  be  employed  for  the 
removing  of  our  Plantation  in  Virginia." 


BROOKE   TO   ELLESMERE.  623 


CCLXn.     EDMONDES  TO  JAMES   I. 

April  28,  1613.  Paris,  France.  Sir  Thomas  Edmondes 
to  James  I. 

..."  I  have  agaiiie  understood  that  parte  o£  the  forces 
which  are  prepared  in  Sjiayne  are  certainely  intended  to 
remove  our  plantation  in  Vii-ginia."   .  .  . 


CCLXIII.     BROOKE  TO  ELLESMERE. 

The  following  is  one  of  the  documents  preserved  by  Mr. 
John  Smith  of  Nibley.  A  copy  was  presented  to  me  by  Mr. 
Kalbfleisch  of  New  York.     It  has  never  been  printed. 

April  28,  1613.  Clapham.  "  To  the  Right  Honourable 
Thomas  Lord  Ellesmere  Lord  Chauncellor  of  England. 

"  Evelyn  p.  def . 

"  Complaynynge  shewen  unto  your  Lordshippe  your  dayly 
oratours  the  Treasurer  and  Company  of  Adventurers  and 
Planters  of  the  cytty  of  London  for  the  first  Colony  in 
Virginia  That  whereas  diverse  of  his  Majesties  subjects  in 
the  tyme  of  the  late  Queene  Elizabeth  of  happy  and  famous 
memory,  did  discover  and  finde  out  that  parte  of  America 
which  was  then  uppon  that  first  discovery  named  Virginia 
in  honour  of  the  saide  late  Qneene  and  is  now  generallie 
called  and  knowne  by  the  same  name  and  did  after  such 
discovery  made  continewe  from  tyme  to  tyme  to  plante  and 
inhabite  the  saide  countrey  to  theire  greate  charge  and  ex- 
pences  untill  the  tyme  of  the  happy  goverment  [sic)  of  our 
gracious  soveraigne  the  Kings  Majestie  that  no  we  is  Who 
beinge  informed  by  the  said  planters  and  adventurers  as 
well  of  theire  greate  charge  bestowed  in  that  discovery  and 
plantacon,  as  of  the  greate  comodities  and  advantages  like 
to  arise  to  his  Majestie  and  this  Kingdome  by  the  saide 
plantacon  did  by  his  Letters  patents  under  the  greate  scale 
of  England  bearino-e  date  att  Westminster  the  three  and 


624  PERIOD   III.     NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

twentith  day  of  May  in  the  seventh  yeare  of  his  raigne  of 
England  ffraunce  and  Ireland  and  of  Scotland  the  twoe  and 
ffortith,  for  the  propagacon  of  Xtian  religyon  and  reclaym- 
ynge  of  people  barbarons  to  civilitie  and  hmnanitie,  give 
and  graunte  that  they  the  saide  planters  and  Adventurers 
and  all  such  and  soe  many  as  shoulde  from  tune  to  tyme 
forever  after  be  joyned  with  them  as  planters  and  Adven- 
turers in  the  saide  plantacon  and  theire  successors  forever 
shoulde  bee  one  bodie  politique  incorporated  by  the  name  of 
the  Treasurer  and  Company  of  Adventurers  and  planters  of 
the  cittie  of  London  for  the  first  Colony  in  Virgynya  with 
diverse  graunts  liberties  ffranchises  preheminences,  privi- 
ledges,  profiitts,  benefitts  and  comodities  graunted  in  and  by 
the  saide  Letters  patents  as  by  the  same  more  att  large  ytt 
doth  and  may  appeare  And  where  as  allsoe  his  gracious 
Majestie  by  other  his  Letters  patents  under  the  greate  scale 
of  England  bearinge  date  att  Westminster  the  twelveth  day 
of  March  in  the  ninthe  yeare  of  his  raigne  of  England, 
ffraunce  and  Ireland,  and  of  Scotland  the  live  and  ffortithe, 
tendringe  the  good  and  happy  successe  of  the  saide  plantacon 
both  in  regard  of  the  generall  weale  of  humane  society  as  in 
respecte  of  the  good  of  his  Majesties  owne  state  and  King- 
domes  and  beinge  willinge  to  geve  furthrance  to  all  good 
meanes  that  might  advance  the  benefitt  of  the  saide  Com- 
pany and  which  might  secure  the  safetie  of  his  subjects 
planted  in  the  saide  Colony  under  the  favour  and  protection 
of  God  allmightie,  and  his  Majesties  royall  power  and 
authoritie,  did  likewise  geve  graunte  and  confirme  unto  the 
saide  Treasurer  and  Company  the  said  Countrey  of  Virgynya 
with  further  extent  of  grounde  and  islands  adjacent  in  the 
saide  last  letters  patents  menconed  and  granted  togeather 
with  such  further  privyledges  as  to  his  gracious  Majestie 
did  seeme  convenient  for  thadvancinge  of  so  noble  an 
action  And  his  saide  Majestie  of  his  more  abundant  grace 
and  favour  to  the  saide  plantation  did  allsoe  cause  a  peculier 
and  speciall  clause  to  bee  incerted  in  the  saide  Letters  patents 
namely  that  whereas  the   faylinge    and  none  payment  of 


BROOKE   TO   ELLESMERE.  625 

such  monies  as  have  benne  promised  in  adventure  for  the 
advancement  of  the  saide  plantacon  hath  benne  often  by 
experience  founde  to  bee  dangerous  and  prejudicial!  to  the 
same  and  much  to  have  hindered  the  progresse  and  pro- 
ceedinge  of  the  saide  pLmtacon  And  for  that  ytt  seemed 
unto  his  Majestie  a  thinge  reasonable  that  such  persones  as 
by  theire  handwritinge  have  ingaged  themselves  for  the  pay- 
ment of  theire  Adventures  and  afterwards  neglectinge  theire 
faithe  and  promise  shoulde  be  compellable  to  make  good  and 
keepe  the  same  that  therefore  his  Majesties  will  and  pleas- 
ure was  that  in  any  suyte  or  suytes  comenced  or  to  bee 
comenced  in  any  of  his  Majesties  Courts  att  Westminster  or 
elsewhere  by  the  saide  Treasurer  and  Companie  or  other- 
wise against  any  such  persones,  that  his  Judges  for  the  tyme 
beinge  both  in  the  Courte  of  Chauncerie  and  att  the  Comon 
Lawe  shoulde  favor  and  further  the  saide  suyttes  soe  farre 
fourth  as  lawe  and  equitie  will  in  any  wise  suffer  and  per- 
mitt  as  in  and  by  the  saide  last  recited  letters  patents 
amongst  diverse  other  favours  and  pryvyledges  therein  con- 
teyned  ytt  doth  and  may  more  att  large  appeare  And  after 
the  saide  first  grauute  of  Incorporacon  soe  obteyned  the 
saide  Treasurer  and  Company  did  sett  f  ourthe  diverse  shippes 
fraught  and  furnished  with  all  kinde  of  necessary  provisyon 
and  munition  and  well  manned  with  soldiers  and  persons  of 
other  qualities  and  conditions  fitt  for  such  an  enterprise 
hopinge  and  intendinge  by  that  greate  charge  and  prepa- 
ration to  have  perfected  and  setled  that  plantacon  Butt 
findinge  ytt  afterwards  to  bee  a  worke  of  greater  difficultie, 
and  beinge  informed  by  S"  Thomas  Gates  knight  whom 
they  had  imployed  there  with  the  charge  and  title  of  Gen- 
erall  of  that  Colony  who  was  newly  sent  home  from  Vir- 
ginia for  that  purpose,  that  greater  supply  of  men  and 
money  was  requisite  and  necessary  for  the  accomplishment 
of  that  honourable  action  and  the  establishment  of  the  saide 
plantacon  the  saide  Company  entred  into  a  ncAve  counsell 
and  findinge  that  without  a  newe  aide  and  supply  to  bee 
sent   unto    Virginia   such   as   was   required   by  the   saide 


626  PERIOD   III.     NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

S"  Thomas  Gates  in  the  name  of  the  Lord  Governour  and 
Colony  there,  soe  honourable  and  religious  an  action  must 
fall  to  the  grounde  to  the  utter  overthrowe  of  the  saide 
Company,  the  losse  of  all  theire  former  charges  and  expences 
the  detriment  of  Christian  religion  and  greate  prejudice 
unto  this  Kingdome  ytt  was  finallie  concluded  and  agreed 
that  as  well  all  those  who  had  benne  former  adventurers  in 
the  saide  plantacon  and  free  of  the  saide  Company  as  those 
who  were  to  bee  received  into  the  freedome,  society  and 
ffellowshippe  of  the  saide  Company  for  the  tyme  to  come 
shold  severallie  and  particulerly  adventure  and  lay  downe 
towards  a  newe  supply  to  bee  sent  for  the  relief  of  the  saide 
Colony  in  Virginia  the  some  of  three-score  and  fiifteene 
pounds  att  the  least  for  every  particuler  mans  adventure,  the 
saide  some  to  bee  paide  in  three  yeares.  that  is  to  say  the 
some  of  five  and  twentie  pounds  every  yeare  and  the  first 
payment  thereof  to  begynne  and  bee  at  the  tyme  of  such 
persons  underwritinge 

"  Whereuppon  the  same  beinge  made  knowne  diverse  and 
sundiy  persons  as  well  of  those  who  were  free  of  the  saide 
company  as  others  that  desired  to  bee  free  of  the  saide  ffel- 
lowshippe  and  corporacon  in  consideracon  of  theu-e  ft'ree- 
dome  and  for  that  theire  names  shoulde  bee  incerted  as  free- 
men and  adventurers  in  the  saide  second  Letters  patents 
and  for  diverse  other  good  causes  and  consideracons  them 
thereunto  movinge  did  promise  unto  the  saide  Treasurer  and 
Company  that  they  woulde  disburse,  pay  in  and  deliver 
unto  the  saide  Treasurer  everie  one  of  them  the  some  of 
tlireescore  and  fiifteene  pounds  att  least  and  diverse  other 
persons  out  of  theire  good  affection  and  inclynation  to  soe 
honourable  and  Christian  an  action  did  promise  to  disburse 
and  pay  unto  the  saide  Treasurer  greater  somes  of  mony 
whereof  the  payments  were  to  bee  made  in  three  years  pro- 
portionably  in  manner  aforesaide 

"  And  thereuppon  in  the  months  of  November  and  Decem- 
lier  in  the  eight  yeare  of  his  Majesties  raigne  and  att  diverse 
tymes  sciuce  in  a  booke  and  in  certeine  roUes  to  that  purpose 


BROOKE   TO   ELLESMERE.  627 

made  by  generall  advise  and  consent  with  a  title  and  in- 
scription in  the  begynnynge  of  the  saide  booke  and  severall 
rolles  conteyuynge  the  purpose  and  premisses  of  the  saide 
adventurers  every  one  of  the  saide  adventurers  that  had  soe 
promised  to  adventure  did  write  downe  his  name  with  the 
some  that  he  did  promise  to  adventure  for  the  three  yeares 
insuinge  thereby  testifieenge  the  saide  agreement  and  prom- 
ises of  purpose  more  assuredlie  to  binde  themselves  to  the 
saide  Treasurer  and  Company  for  the  true  performance  of 
tlieire  promised  adventures  and  to  geve  incouragement  and 
assurance  of  indempnitie  to  the  saide  Treasurer  and  Com- 
pany for  the  disbursinge  and  layinge  out  of  such  greate 
somes  of  money  as  shoulde  bee  thought  requisite  and  nec- 
essary for  the  relief  and  supply  of  the  saide  Colony  And 
afterwards  accordinge  to  the  saide  promise  agreement  and 
underwritinge  many  reverend  prelates  Earles  Lords  honour- 
able and  vertuous  ladies  knights  gentlemen  cittizens  of 
good  accompt  and  quallitie  and  others  did  pay  in  unto  the 
Treasurer  of  the  said  Company  such  somes  of  mony  as  they 
had  agreed  and  underwritten  to  pay  —  who  uppon  such  pay- 
ment delivered  them  billes  of  receipt  and  infranchisement 
sealed  with  the  comon  scale  of  the  saide  Company  After 
which  severall  agreements  and  promises  soe  made  and  ex- 
ecuted in  manner  aforesaide  the  saide  Treasurer  and  Com- 
pany did  undertake  to  furnish  the  saide  Colony  with  all 
things  necessary,  and  did  from  time  to  time  sende  out 
shippes  for  the  advancement  of  the  saide  plantacon  suffi- 
ciently furnished  with  able  governours  and  comaunders  both 
att  sea  and  land  with  sufficient  nombers  of  men  as  well  say- 
lers  soldiers  husbandmen  ffishermen  as  artezans  of  sundry 
kindes  for  the  necessitie  of  that  busines  with  all  sorts  of 
victualls  and  severall  kinds  of  cattle  with  other  necessaries 
and  conveniences  of  severall  natures  requisite  for  the  set- 
hnge  of  that  plantacon  and  for  the  sustenance  and  well 
beinge  of  the  colony  to  theire  greate  and  excessive  charge, 
which  charge  amountinge  to  many  thousand  poundes  more 
then  they  had  ready  meanes  to  satisfie  the  saide  Treasurer 


628  PERIOD   III.     NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

and  Company  were  inforced  to  ingage  themselves  and  theire 
creditts  for  very  greate  somes  of  money  which  they  the 
more  readiHe  and  wilHngHe  did  adventure  to  doe  for  the 
generall  cause  in  hope  to  bee  freed  and  saved  harmeles  by 
the  monies  to  bee  received  from  the  saide  adventurers,  which 
they  assured  themselves  everie  one  as  hee  was  bounde  in 
honestie  and  conscience,  woulde  pay  in  his  due  tyme  ac- 
cordinofe  to  that  which  hee  had  underwritten  But  nowe  soe 
ytt  is,  may  ytt  please  your  good  Lordshippe,  that  many  of 
the  said  adventurers  out  of  a  carelesse  and  covetous  disposi- 
tion have  not  only  refused  to  sende  in  theire  saide  adven- 
tures att  the  times  due  by  theire  owne  agreement  and  under- 
writinge  but  being  required  and  sent  unto  for  the  same 
monies  some  of  them  doe  make  slight  and  dilatorie  an- 
sweares  and  others  doe  utterlie  deny  to  pay  the  same  unles 
they  shalbee  hereunto  by  lawe  compelled  as  namelie  S' 
Henry  Nevill  of  [a  blank,  slc~\  in  the  countie  of  Kent 

knight,  havinge  in  November  1610  in  and  towards  the  saide 
adventure  and  plantacon  and  for  the  consideracons  aforc- 
saide  promised  att  the  tymes  and  dayes  of  payment  afore- 
menconed  to  pay  in  the  some  of  threescore  and  fifteene 
poundes  and  havinge  in  November  aforesaide  underwritten 
for  the  payment  of  the  same  hath  not  paide  in  the  saide 
some  of  threescore  and  ffifteene  pounds  nor  anye  parte 
thereof  accordinge  to  his  saide  promise  and  underwritinge 
and  likewise  S""  Henrye  Carye  S"^  William  Cornewallis  S'' 
John  Cutts  the  younger  Sir  George  Huntley  S'"  John  Rad- 
cliffe  S""  Walter  Chute  S'  Arthur  Manwaringe  S'"  John  S* 
John  and  S""  Thomas  ffreake  kniohts  John  Vauofhan  Rich- 
ard  Monyngton,  John  Smithe  and  Arthur  Ingram  Esquires 
William  Hall  and  Edmond  Allen  havynge  in  like  manner 
about  the  same  time  everie  one  of  them  the  saide  Knights 
Esquires  and  others  for  himselfe  severallie  and  respectivelie 
in  and  towards  the  saide  adventures  and  plantacon  for  the 
consideracons  aforesaid  promised  att  the  tymes  and  dales  of 
payment  before  menconed  to  pay  in  and  deliver  everye  of 
them  severalhe  the  some  of  threescore  and  ffifteene  poundes 


BROOKE   TO   ELLESMERE.  629 

a  piece  which  they  the  aforesaid  S'  Henry  Carey  and  the 
lest  of  the  aforesaid  Knights,  esquires  and  others  did  every 
one  of  them  severally  and  respectivelie  assume  and  promise 
to  pay  in  accordinglie  Yet  never  the  les  neither  they  the 
saide  parties  nor  any  of  them  have  att  all  made  payment 
of  the  saide  some  accordinge  to  theire  severall  promisses  nor 
of  any  parte  or  parcell  thereof  But  are  all  and  everye  of 
them  behinde  and  areare  with  theire  saide  severall  and  re- 
spective somes  of  three  score  and  fEfteene  pounds  a  piece 
and  with  everye  parte  thereof 

"  And  further  S'"   Thomas  Connyngsby  of  [^sic,  a 

blank]  in  the  Countie  of  Heref  knight  and  Richard  Hall 
of  London  marchant  haA-ynge  likewise  about  the  tyme 
aforesaide  either  of  them  severallie  for  hiinselfe  in  and 
towards  the  saide  adventures  and  plantacon  and  for  the 
consideracons  aforesaide  promised  att  the  dayes  and  tymes 
before  menconed  by  equall  payments  either  of  them  sever- 
allie to  pay  in  and  deliver  the  some  of  f&ftie  poundes  a 
piece     And  likewise  S""  Willm  Boulestrode  of  in  the 

Countie  of  \_slc,  blanks]  knighte  havynge  allsoe  in 

November  aforesaide  promised  and  underwritten  for  the 
intent  and  causes  aforesaide  to  pay  in  the  some  of  five  and 
twentie  poundes  att  three  severall  dayes  by  equall  payments 
proportioned  and  devided  And  allsoe  Nicholas  Wheeler  of 
\_sic,  blank]  havynge  allsoe  promised  about  the  tyme 
aforesaide  to  pay  in  the  some  of  twelve  pounds  and  tenne 
shillmges  att  a  day  by  him  agreed  and  underwritten,  they 
the  saide  Sir  Thomas  Connyngsby  Richard  Hall  Sir  Will??! 
Boulestrode  and  Nicholas  Wheeler  nor  any  of  them  have 
made  payment  of  the  saide  last  menconed  severall  somes  of 
mony  nor  any  parte  thereof  soe  by  them  severallie  prom- 
ised as  aforesaide  but  are  all  and  everie  of  them  likewise 
behinde  and  areare  with  theire  saide  severall  and  respective 
somes  and  Avitli  every  parte  thereof 

"  By  meanes  of  all  which  promisses  not  only  your  Lord- 
shippes  ora tours  are  like  greately  to  bee  prejudiced  in  theire 
owne   estates   and   utterly  overthrowne   in  theire   creditts 


630  PERIOD   III.     NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

and  this  soe  honourable  and  Christian  an  action  which 
was  in  soe  greate  forwardnes  of  prosequucon  utterly  relin- 
quished and  neglected  to  the  greate  dishonour  and  detri- 
ment of  this  Kingdome  but  allsoe  many  of  his  Majesties 
subjects  in  a  farre  countrey  must  bee  abandoned  and  lefte 
to  the  dang-er  of  famishina;e  and  to  the  cruell  rag'e  of  the 
barbarous  infidels.  In  tender  consideracon  whereof  and 
for  the  avoidinge  of  multiplicitie  of  suytes  att  the  comon 
Lawes  wherein  your  Oratours  cannot  hope  for  soe  certeine 
and  speedy  a  remedy  as  the  extremytie  of  theire  case  and 
the  present  necessitie  and  importance  of  the  busines  re- 
quireth  Your  Lordshippes  Oratours  doe  in  all  humblenes 
beeseche  your  Lordshippe  accordinge  to  his  Majesties  afore- 
saide  direccon  menconed  and  recomended  unto  Your  Lord- 
ship and  other  his  Judges  in  the  saide  last  recited  letters 
patents  and  of  your  accustomed  goodnes  to  graunte  unto 
your  saide  Orators  his  Majesties  most  gracious  writte  of 
supna  to  bee  directed  to  the  said  S'"  Henry  Nevill.  S""  Henry 
Carey,  S""  Wilb/i  Cornewallisj  S"  John  Cutts  the  younger, 
S-^  George  Huntley,  S""  John  RadclifiPe,  S""  Walter  Chute,  S"^ 
Arthm'  Manwaringe,  S"  John  S*  John,  S'"  Thomas  ffreake, 
John  Vaughan,  Richard  Monyngton  John  Smythe  Arthur 
Ingram,  Will«2  Hall,  S'  Willm  Boulestrode  and  Nicholas 
Wheeler  [Edmond  Allen,  Sir  Thomas  Connyngsby,  and 
Richard  Hall  are  not  named ;  but  their  names  have  been 
probably  omitted  by  an  oversight.]  comandinge  them  and 
every  of  them  att  a  certeine  day  and  under  a  certeine  j)ayne 
therein  to  bee  lymitted  to  bee  and  personallie  to  appeare 
before  your  Lordshippe  in  his  Majesties  highe  Courte  of 
Chauncery  then  and  there  to  answeare  the  premisses  and 
to  sett  downe  uppon  theire  Corporall  oathes  wheather  they 
and  every  of  them  have  not  made  such  promise  or  under- 
written theire  names  in  such  booke  or  rolles  [a  word  torn 
off]  aforesaide  as  adventurers  towards  the  saide  plantacon 
or  supply  of  the  saide  Colony  of  Virgynya  And  whether 
they  or  any  of  them  have  paide  the  saide  severall  somes 
which  they  severally  promised  as  aforesaide  and  for  which 


NICHOLAS   LEATE 


PHILIP   III.   TO   VELASCO.  631 

they  underwritt  or  how  much  thereof  they  or  anie  of  them 
have  paide  and  what  or  how  much  thereof  is  behinde  and 
unpaide  And  to  abide  such  further  order  and  direccon 
herein  as  to  your  Lordship  etc. 

"  Chris  :    Brooke." 

[Mem.  —  On  the  26*'*  of  April  1613  seven  good  ships 
sailed  from  London  and  on  the  13*"^  of  May,  set  sail  from 
Queenborough  —  set  forth  by  the  Muscovy  Company,  under 
their  charter  of  March  13*^  last  to  fish  for  whale,  to  drive 
away  interlopers  and  to  make  further  discovery.  [See 
the  account  of  this  voyage  in  "  Archaeologia  Americana," 
vol.  iv.  pp.  239-314,  and  Purchas,  vol.  iii.  pp.  716- 
720.]  They  returned  to  England  September  6.  See 
CCLXXXVIIL] 

CCLXIV.   PHILIP  III.   TO  VELASCO. 

GENERAL  ARCHIVES  OF  SI}fANCAS.    DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE, 
VOLUME  2572,    FOLIO  10. 

Copy  of  a  part  of  a  decij)hered  letter  of  H.  M.  to  Don 
Alonso  de  Velasco,  dated  Madrid,  May  19,  1613. 
"  You  will  make  every  effort  to  carry  into  effect  the 
exchange  of  the  prisoners  of  Virginia,  since  it  is  so  long- 
ago  now  that  it  was  agreed  upon  and  the  pilot  of  the  Eng- 
lish is  detained  here  all  the  time  to  surrender  him  here  as 
soon  as  over  there  they  shall  surrender  to  us  our  men  —  and 
you  will  not  take  your  hand  from  it  till  it  is  accomplished." 

CCLXV.  PHILIP  ni.   TO   VELASCO. 

GENERAL  ARCHIVES   OF  SIMANCAS.     DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE, 
VOLUME  2572,  FOLIO  11. 

Copy  of  a  deciphered  letter  of  H.  j\L  to  Don  Alonso  de 

Velasco,  dated  Madrid,  May  23,  1613. 

"  Although  it  is  understood  that  for  the  present  the  col- 
onization and  the  fortification  of  Virginia  by  the  English 


632  PERIOD  III.    NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

cannot  cause  any  appreliension,  nevertheless  I  shall  be  glad 
to  hear  all  the  details  that  can  be  ascertained  about  this 
matter  —  and  thus  I  charge  and  command  you  to  try  to  find 
them  out  by  all  possible  means  —  also  the  plans  which  they 
now  have  there,  since  the  death  of  the  Prince  of  Wales, 
on  the  same  subject  —  and  you  will  report  to  me  all  about 
this  and  about  anything  else  that  may  present  itself." 

CCLXVI.     DIGBY  TO  JAMES  I. 

May  13,  1613.     Madrid.     Digby  to  James  I. 

..."  They  have  further  the  last  weeke  had  a  Consulta- 
tion concerninge  Virginia,  but  theire  resolution  is  not  to 
stirre  therein  untill  they  shall  bee  better  informed  of  ye  true 
state  thereof.  For  that  here,  by  the  advertisements  that 
they  have  had  out  of  Englande,  they  are  yet  in  a  greate  hope 
that  the  businesse  will  fall  of  ittselfe.  Though  Don  Pedro 
de  Cufiiga  att  his  Laste  beeing  in  England,  mooved  that  the 
remoovinge  of  our  Plantation  might  bee  noe  longer  deferred 
as  your  Majestic  shall  see  by  the  Copie  of  a  Letter  sent  from 
him  in  September  laste."  [CCLXVII. ;  but  see  CCXXIII. 
of  July  22,  1612,  which  is  evidently  the  same.] 

CCLXVII.     ZUNIGA  TO   PHILIP  III. 

The  following  was  inclosed  in  the  foregoing  letter ;  it  is 
a  contemporary  translation. 

"  A  Letter  from  Don  Pedro  de  Cunega  of  ye  22.  of  7^"^^ 
1612,  concerning  Verginia,  to  the  King  of  Spain. 

"  S'  There  is  come  hether  a  shippe  from  Virginia  and 
although  some  principall  men  and  others  suppose  that  the 
Plantation  there  doth  rather  diminish  then  increase,  I  have 
understoode  by  a  friende  of  good  Credit,  that  they  treate 
and  have  a  determination  to  marrie  some  of  ye  People  that 
goe  thether  with  the  Virginians ;  and  hee  telleth  mee  that 
there  are  fortie  or  fiftie  persons  alreadie  married  there  and 


VELASCO  TO   PHILIP  III.  633 

other  En<jllsli  interming-led  with  them  and  that  the  weomen 
which  were  sent  over  live  amongst  the  Virginians  and  are 
reeeaved  and  used  kindelie  by  them,  and  that  they  wonded  a 
certain  zealous  Minister  of  their  secte  for  reprehendinge  itt. 
They  have  made  a  Lotterie  out  of  which  they  will  raise  20. 
thousande  Ducattes  and  herewith  sende  away  six  shippes 
with  all  the  People  the}^  can  procure,  uppon  this  pretext  of 
their  turninge  Infidels,  itt  wilbee  an  easie  matter  to  remove 
tlieise  People  from  thence  in  the  beginninge,  for  the  not 
punishinge  hereof  is  the  cawse  why  they  soe  boldelie  attempt 
others,  as  your  Majestic  may  well  perceave,  for  they  have 
alreadie  howses  and  begin  another  Plantation  in  Terra  Nova, 
in  the  partes  where  the  greate  fishinges  are,  and  now  itt  will 
bee  to  ye  purpose  to  punish  itt,  which  if  itt  may  bee  done 
they  shall  perceave  that  your  Majestic  will  not  proceed  with 
them  altogether  by  intreatie,  which  hath  alreadie  made  them 
more  presumptions,  then  theire  owne  forces  can  promise 
them. 

"  London  22.  of  Septem'". 

"  God  preserve  Your  Majestie." 


CCLXVIII.     VELASCO  TO   PHILIP  III, 

GENERAL  ARCHIVES  OF  SIMANCAS.     DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE, 
VOLUME  2590,   FOLIO  66. 

Copy  of  a  letter  from  Don  Alonso  de  Velasco  to  the  King  of 
Spain,  dated  London,  May  30,  1613. 

"  Sire.  — 
"  Of  the  two  ships  which  sailed  from  here  for  Bermuda  at 
the  end  of  January  [21]  of  this  year,  one  has  returned  and 
the  report  which  it  brings,  is  tliat  the  Country  is  good  and 
healthy,  and  that  all  they  had  planted  brought  forth  much 
fruit  —  that  on  the  East  and  the  West  side  of  this  island 
the  Coast  is  steep  and  and  there  is  no  port ;  but  on  the 
North  they  have  found  a  very  good  harbour,  altho'  the 
entrance  to  it  was  very  difficult  —  that  there  fell  also  a 


634  PERIOD   III.     NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

river,  that  could  be  sounded  and  had  good  water,  into  this 
harbour.  They  had  commenced  to  settle  at  this  port  the 
peoj)le  who  remained  behind,  who  might  be  about  two  hun- 
dred and  fifty  persons.  With  a  view  to  this,  some  mer- 
chants are  now  exerting  themselves  to  put  two  other  ships 
in  order,  in  which  every  kind  of  workmen  shall  go,  who  will 
receive  a  share  in  the  distribution  of  land.  From  Viro-inia 
no  news  has  been  received  for  several  months,  and  from  the 
straights  in  which  they  were  according  to  the  last  reports 
from  there,  great  fears  are  entertained  that  hunger  may 
have  made  an  end  of  those  people.  The  Indians  were  hold- 
ing them  in  such  strict  confinement  that  they  could  not  leave 
their  forts  without  running  great  danger.  Thus  they  are 
here  discouraged  about  this  plan,  on  account  of  the  heavy 
expenses  they  have  incurred,  and  the  disappointment,  that 
there  is  no  passage  from  there  to  the  South  Sea,  as  they  had 
hoped,  nor  mines  of  gold  or  silver. 

"May   our   Lord   preserve    Y.    M.    as   all    Christendom 
needeth. 

"  London.  May  30.  1613. 

"Don  Alonso  de  Velasco." 


CCLXIX.  DIGBY  TO  CARLETON. 

May  22,  1613.     Madrid.     Digbye*to  Carleton. 

..."  Concerning  our  plantation  of  Virginia  (which  I 
have  often  written  unto  your  Lordship  is  a  greate  eye-sore 
unto  them)  thei  have  lately  had  severall  consultations  about 
yt.  Their  resolution  is,  that  yt  must  bee  removed,  though 
thei  have  thought  yt  fitt  for  a  while  to  suspende  ye  execu- 
tion, till  thei  gett  perfect  information  of  the  state  thereof. 
For  that  thei  are  not  yet  out  of  hope,  that  the  businesse 
may  fall  of  ytselfe,  since  thei  see  yt  not  mantayned  by  the 
King  nor  State,  but  only  uphelde  by  Lotteries,  and  such  like 
uncertaine  shiftes.  For  our  new  plantation  in  ye  Bermudos 
(whereof  your  Lordship  will  have  formerly  heard)  yt  yet 
prospereth  better  then  that  of  Virginia,  and  giveth  greater 


I 


DIGBY  TO   LAKE.  635 

iiicoiiragement  to  prosecute  yt.  For  that  good  commodities 
have  aUready  been  brought  from  thence.  And  yt  is  ^^Titten 
unto  me  for  eertaine,  that  a  poore  fellowe  by  stealth  con- 
voyed home  mto  Engknde  as  muche  Amber-greece,  as  was 
sokle  in  London  for  six  hundred  pound  starhng.  The 
Spaniards  had  thought  to  have  attempted  this  yeare  the 
removino-  of  us  from  thence  ;  and  to  that  ende,  the  laste 
summer  sent  a  shipp  thither  to  make  discoverye;  and  to 
inform  e  them  of  ye  fittest  course  that  was  to  be  helde  for 
the  assayUng  of  us.  But  the  sayd  shipp  is  returned  without 
having  donne  anything.  AUeaging,  that  thei  by  no  nieanes 
coukl  finde  the  Islande.  But  by  examination  yt  is  probable, 
that  thei  were  afrayd  to  come  neere  yt,  by  cause  of  the  Eng- 
lishe.  Moste  of  the  men  are  clapped  up  in  prison  at  Sevill. 
And  the  Captaine  and  eight  more  of  the  clieife  of  them  are 
brought  up  to  this  Towne  in  cheiues,  where  yt  is  thought 
thei  will  bee  proceeded  against  with  muche  rigour." 

CCLXX.     DIGBY  TO   LAKE. 

May  26,  1613.    Madrid.     Digbye  to  Sir  Thomas  Lake. 

..."  They  have  latelie  had  here  severall  Consultations 
about  our  Plantation  inVirginia,  The  resolution  is  —  That  itt 
must  bee  remooved  but  they  thinke  itt  fitt  to  suspende  the  ex- 
ecution of  itt  'till  they  receave  perfect  information  in  what 
state  itt  nowe  is,  for  that  they  are  in  hope  that  itt  will  fall  of 
ittselfe.  They  have  geven  precise  order  to  tlieire  Ambassa- 
dour  speediHe  to  advertise  what  hee  can  learne  of  itt,  and  that 
hee  use  all  meanes  for  the  restitution  of  the  Spaniards  that 
were  left  there.  And  to  this  ende  have  clapt  upp  Clarke  the 
Englishe  Pilote  into  close  Prison,  and  I  heare  they  meane  to 
sende  him  to  the  Galleis,  hopmge  therebie  that  Clarke's 
freinds,  to  redeeme  him  will  labour  for  the  restitution  of  the 
other,  by  whome  they  hope  to  discover  the  true  State  of 
Virofinia." 


636  PERIOD   III.     NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

CCLXXI.   DIGBY  TO  JA^LES  I. 

June  4,  1613.     Madrid.     Digbye  to  James  I. 

..."  There  went  from  hence  ye  Spanish  Ambassadour  ^ 
in  England  with  directions  to  this  effect :  that  though  yt  was 
conceived  by  ye  King  of  Spayne  that  the  plantation  and 
fortifications  of  the  Englishe  m  Virginia  neede  not  (in  the 
case  yt  now  standeth)  give  muche  cause  of  feare,  yet  to  the 
ende,  that  heere  may  bee  taken  ye  fittest  resolutions,  hee 
commaundethe  him  to  procure  a  true  and  certains  informa- 
tion of  the  present  estate  thereof.  And  what  the  intent  of 
your  Majestie  and  the  Enghshe  is  in  this  pointe.  And 
whether  bussinesses  of  that  nature  growe  not  muche  colder 
since  the  deathe  of  the  late  Prince.  And  Kkewise,  that 
hee  informe  himself  very  particularly  concerning  the  Ber- 
mudos,  and  give  speedy  advertisement  hither." 

CCLXXII.   INSTRUCTIONS   TO   GONDOMAR. 

1613.  "  Extract  from  the  Secret  Instructions  of  Don  Diesfo 
Sarmiento  de  Acuiia,  sent  by  the  King  of  Spain  as  his 
Ambassador  into  England."  (Translation.) 
"  And  itt  shalbee  fitt  for  you  having  perused  those  copies 
(of  despatches  sent  heretofore  to  Don  Pedro  de  Quniga,^ 
Marques  de  Flores  et  Avila)  and  informed  yourselfe  uppon 
them  from  the  said  Marques  and  Don  Alonso  de  Velasco  in 
what  estate  these  matters  (the  marriages  made  with  France) 
stande,  as  also  these  others  specified  in  the  saide  Copies 
about  the  League  of  ye  Protestants,  the  Peopling  of  Vir- 
ginia, the  suits  of  ye  English,  of  ye  Py rates,  and  of  ye 
ConsuUs  and  that  yowe  prosecute  al  those  matters,  as  yf 
they  were  here  given  yowe  in  your  Instruction,  and  that 
yowe  advertize  mee  often  of  whatsoever  shall  succeede 
thereuppon." 

^  This    was    the   celebrated    Diego     mar,  going  to  try  to  suppress  English 
Sarmiento  de  Acuna,  Count  de  Gondo-     colonization  in  America. 

2  Ziihifra. 


SHAKESPEARE'S  HENRY  VIIL  637 

[Mem.  —  Rev.  Thomas  Lorkin  to  Sir  Thomas  Puckering, 
Bart. 

"  London,  June  30.  1613.  ...  No  longer  since  than  yes- 
terday, while  Burbage's  Company  were  acting  at  the  Globe 
the  play  of  Henry  VIIL,  and  there  shooting  off  certain 
chambers  in  way  of  triumph,  the  fire  catched  and  fastened 
upon  the  thatch  of  the  house,  and  there  burn  so  furiously, 
as  it  consumed  the  whole  house,  all  in  less  than  two  hours, 
the  people  having  enough  to  do  to  save  themselves." 

Burbage  and  Shakespeare  had  been  associated  in  this 
house,  in  which  the  latter  gained  his  great  reputation,  and 
"  the  play  of  Henry  VIIL"  was  Shakespeare's.  Cranmer's 
prophecy,  act  v.  scene  4,  contains  these  words  :  — 

"  But  as  when 

The  bird  of  wonder  dies,  the  maiden  phoenix, 

Her  ashes  new  create  another  heir, 

As  great  in  admiration  as  herself ; 

So  shall  she  [Queen  Elizabeth]  leave  her  blessedness  to  one, 

(When  heaven  shall  call  her  from  this  cloud  of  darkness.) 

Who,  from  the  sacred  ashes  of  her  honour, 

Shall  star-like  rise,  as  great  in  fame  as  she  was, 

And  so  stand  fix'd :  Peace,  plenty,  love,  truth,  terror, 

That  were  the  servants  to  this  chosen  infant, 

Shall  then  be  his  [King  James  I.],  and  like  a  vine  grow  to  him; 

Wherever  the  bright  sun  of  heaven  shall  shine,^ 

His  honour  and  the  greatness  of  his  name 

Shall  be,  and  make  new  nations :  He  shall  flourish, 

And,  like  a  inountain  cedar,  reach  Ms  branches 

To  all  the  plains  about  him :  ^  Our  children's  children 

Shall  see  this,  and  bless  heaven."] 

1  We  find  this  idea  also  in  Bacon's  the  New  World  by  the  plantation  of 
Advertisement  touching  an  Holy  War:  Virginia  and  the  Summer  Islands. 
"  As  one  saith  in  a  brave  kind  of  And  certainly,  it  is  with  the  kingdoms 
expression,  the  sun  never  sets  in  the  on  earth  as  it  is  in  the  kingdom  of 
Spanish  dominions,  but  ever  shines  heaven  ;  sometimes  a  grain  of  mus- 
upon  one  pait  or  other  of  them."  tard-seerf  proves  n  great  tree.  Who  can 

2  Bacon,  in  his  celebrated  speech  to  tell  ?  " 

the  speaker  of  the  House  of  Commons,  The   Virginia    Council,   in   CXIV., 

January  30,  1621,  when  enumerating  prayed   to   God    "So  to  nourish   this 

the   "  benefits,   attributes  and  acts  of  graine  of  seed,  that  it  may  spread  till 

government  "  of  James  I.,  says,  "  This  all   people    of   the    earth   admire  the 

kingdom   now   first   in   his   Majesty's  greatnesse,  and  seek  the   shades   and 

times  hath  gotten  a  lot  or  portion  in  fruite  thereof." 


638  PERIOD   III.     NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

CCLXXIII.  VELASCO  TO  PHILIP  HI. 

GENERAL  ARCHIVES  OF  SIMANCAS.    DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE, 
VOLUME  2590,   FOLIO  52. 

Copy  of  an  original  letter  from  Don  Alonso  de  Velasco  to 
the  King  of  Spain,  dated  London,  July  12,  1613. 

The  italicized  part  is  in  cipher  in  the  original. 

Sire. 

"  In  a  letter  of  May  23d.  [13]  which  I  received  two  days 
ago,  Y.  M.  commands  me,  without  ever  taking  my  hand 
from  it,  to  insist  with  the  King  here  upon  granting  their 
freedom  to  the  prisoners  in  Virginia,  in  exchange  for  the 
English  pilot  who  is  at  your  Court. 

"  I  have  reported  to  Y.  M.  the  last  effort  I  made  in  a 
special  audience  which  the  King  gave  me,  and  how  he 
ordered  that  they  should  at  once  write  to  the  Governor  of 
Virginia,  that  he  should  send  the  prisoners  here,  and  how 
this  order  went  out  in  a  ship  which  sailed  for  Bermuda 
about  a  month  after,  in  order  to  reinforce  the  colony  which 
they  have  been  establishing  on  a  large  harbour,  which,  how- 
ever, is  difficult  of  access,  and  which  they  discovered  in  the 
northern  part  of  the  island,  because  all  the  rest  of  the 
island  is  inaccessible.  From  there  it  was  to  sail  from  Vir- 
ginia, but  now  for  more  than  nine  months  no  news  of  it 
have  been  received,  and  according  to  the  last  reports  it  is 
believed  that  the  people  must  have  perished,  partly  from 
disease,  to  which  the  country  is  subject  and  partly  from 
starvation,  with  which  they  were  threatened,  as  the  Indians 
kept  them  so  closely  besieged,  that  they  could  not  come  out 
from  the  fort  to  search  for  provisions.  Thus  this  planta- 
tion has  lost  much  ground,  as  it  was  sustained  by  companies 
of  merchants,  who  were  disappointed  at  finding  no  gold, 
nor  silver  mines,  nor  the  passage  to  the  South  sea,  which 
they  had  hoped  for.  They  now  fix  their  eyes  upon  the 
colony  in  Bermuda,  partly  because  of  its  fertility  and  being 


DALE   TO   SIR  THOMAS  SMITH.  639 

unoccupied  (by  savages)  so  that  they  will  meet  with  no 
opposition.  When  as  it  seems  to  them  that  in  the  course 
of  time  titer e  must  he  a  rupture  loith  Y.  M.,  they  will  he 
able  from  this  island,  which  lies  right  in  the  way  of 
ships  returning  from  the  Indies^  to  take  many  prizes, 
especially  as  there  is  hut  one  safe  harhor  in  the  island,  if 
they  have  time  to  fortify  that,  as  they  mean  to  do  with 
great  earnestness.  May  our  Lord  preserve  Y.  M.,  as 
Christendom  needeth  it.     London  July  12.  1613. 

"Don  Alonso  de  Velasco." 

[Mem.  —  The  Elizabeth,  Captain  Adams,  left  Virginia 
about  June  28,  1613,  and  arrived  in  England  about  July 
20,  1613,  bringing  the  following  documents :  Dale  to 
Sir  Thomas  Smith  (CCLXXIV.),  Argall  to  Hawes 
(CCLXXV.),  Molina  to  Velasco,  May  }i  (CCLXXVIIL), 
Molina  to  Velasco,  June  28  (CCLXXIX.),  and  probably 
other  documents  now  lost. 

This  ship  brought  the  first  news  from  Virginia  which 
had  reached  England  since  about  September,  1612,  "  which 
put  some  life  into  that  action,  that  before  was  almost  at  the 
last  cast."  See  CCLXXXI.  She  also,  probably,  brought 
to  England  Rolfe's  crop  of  tobacco  of  1612  ;  which  is  said 
to  have  been  the  first  crop  cultivated  by  an  Englishman  in 
America,  and  the  first  third  of  ''  the  amber-greece "  from 
the  Bermudas.] 


CCLXXIV.   DALE  TO  SIR  THOMAS  SMITH. 

Sir  Thomas  Dale's  letter  to  Sir  Thomas  Smith,  dated  June, 
1613.  An  extract  only,  but  all  that  remains. 
"  Let  me  tell  you  all  at  home  this  one  thing,  and  I  pray 
remember  it ;  if  you  give  over  this  country  and  loose  it, 
you,  with  your  wisdoms,  will  leap  such  a  gudgeon  as  our 
state  hath  not  done  the  like  since  they  lost  the  Kingdom  of 
France  ;  be  not  gulled  with  the  clamorous  report  of  base 
people ;  believe  Caleb  and  Joshua ;    if  the  glory  of  God 


640  PERIOD  III.    NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

have  no  power  with  them  and  the  conversion  of  these  poor 
infidels,  yet  let  the  rich  mammons'  deshe  eg'ge  them  on  to 
inhabit  these  countries.  I  protest  unto  you,  by  the  faith  of 
an  honest  man,  the  more  I  range  the  country  the  more  I 
admire  it.  I  have  seen  the  best  countries  in  Europe ;  I 
protest  unto  you,  before  the  Living  God,  put  them  all  to- 
gether, this  country  will  be  equivalent  unto  them  if  it  be 
inhabitant  with  good  people." 

See  also  Stith's  "  History  of  Vii-ginia,"  pp.  132,  287. 


CCLXXV.   ARGALL  TO  HAWES. 

"  A  Letter  of  Sir  Samuell  ArgoU  touching  his  Voyage  to 
Virginia,  and  Actions  there  :  Written  to  Master  Nicholas 
Hawes.  June  1613."  [From  Purchas,  iv.  pp.  1764— 
1765.] 

"  Master  Hawes,  within  seven  weekes  after  my  depart- 
ure from  the  Coast  of  England,  being  the  three  and 
twentieth  of  July,  1612.  I  fell  with  the  Coast  of  Virginia, 
in  the  Latitude  of  fortie  degrees,  the  twelfth  of  September, 
with  all  my  men  in  good  health,  the  number  being  sixtie 
two,  and  all  my  victualls  very  well  conditioned :  my  course 
being  fiftie  leagues  to  the  Northward  of  the  Azores.  The 
seventeenth,  I  arrived  at  Point  Comfort,  where  by  the  dis- 
creet and  provident  government  of  Sir  Thomas  Gates,  and 
great  paines  and  hazard  of  Sir  Thomas  Dale,  I  found  both 
the  countrey  and  people  in  farre  better  estate  there,  then 
the  report  was  by  such  as  came  home  in  Sir  Robert  Mans- 
field's ship.  From  my  arrivall  untill  the  first  of  Novem- 
The  Deliver-  ber,  I  Spent  my  time  in  helping  to  repaire  such 
ance.  ships  and  Boats,  as  I  found  lieere  decayed  for 

lacke  of  Pitch  and  Tarre  :  and  in  pursuing  the  Indians  with 
_, .        .       Sir  Thomas  Dale,  for  theire  corne,  of  which  we 

Inis  was  in  ...  .  , 

the  river  of     got  somc  quautitic,  wliicli  wc  wcrc  like  to  have 

bought  very  deerely :  for  by  the  Providence  of 

God,  Sir  Thomas  Dale  escaped  killing  very  narrowly.    Then 


KICriARO  MARTIN,  Esquire 


ARGALL  TO  HA  WES.  641 

about  the  beginning  of  November,  by  the  advice   His  voyage 
of  Sir  Thomas  Gates,  I  carried  Sir  Thomas  Dale   ^i^Jhs^' 
to  Sir  Thomas  Smiths  Island  to  have  his  opinion    ^^^"'*- 
of  the  inhabiting  of  it ;  who,  after  three  dayes  march  in 
discovering  it,  approved  very  well  of  the  place  :  and  so  much 
the  better,  because  we  found  abundance  of  fish  there,  and 
very  great  Cod,  which  Ave  caught  in  five  fathome  water,  of 
which  we  are  in  hope  to  get  a  great  quantitie  this  Summer, 
for  the  reHefe  of  our  men,  as  also  to  find  safe  passage  for 
Boats  and  Barges  thither,  by  a  cut  out  of  the  bottome  of 
our  Bay,  into  the  De  la  Warre  Bay.     For  which    De  la  War 
fishing  and  better   Discovery,   I   have   my   ship    ^^^' 
readie,  with  my  Company  in  as  good  health,  as  at  my  arri- 
val!, and  as  they  have  continued  ever  since :  for  which  God 
be  glorified,  to  whom  we  give  daily  thankes,  for  the  contin- 
uance of  his  mercy. 

"  After  my   returne  from  Sir  Thomas   Smiths   Hand,  I 
fitted  my  ship  to  fetch  corne  from  Patowomeck,    ^^  ^^^  ^^ 
by  trading  Avith   the   Indians,  and  so  set  sayle   ^s^  ^°  ^^^^- 
from  Point  Comfort  the  first  of  December  :  and    Penbrooke 
being  entred  into  Penbrooke  River,  I  met  with 
the  King  of  Pastancie  a.  hunting,  who  went  pres-   Ayapassus 
ently  aboord  with  me,  seeming  to  be  very  glad   anee  of 
of  my  comming,  and  told  me  thatt  all  the  Indians    P=i^*^°"e- 
there  were  my  very  great  friends,  and  that  they  had  good 
store  of  corne  for  mee,  which  they  had  provided  the  yeere 
before,  which  we   found  to   be  true.     Then  I  carried  my 
ship  presently  before  his  Towne,  and  there  built  me  a  stout 
shallop,  to  get  the  corne  aboord  withall,  which  being  done, 
and   having  concluded  a  peace   Avith   divers   other  Indian 
Lords,  and  likewise  given  and  taken  *  Hostages  :    *  q     y^^^ 
I    hasted   to   James    Towne,    beeing:    the    first   ^"?!.s°^ 

ro-i       -1  .  .  Swift, 

[31.  ?]   of  January,  and  arrived  at  Point  Com-  Rob.  Sparkes 
fort  the  first  of  February. 

"  In  this  Voyage  I  got  1100.  bushels  of  Corne,  which  I 
delivered  into  the  severaU  storehouses,  according  unto  the 
direction  of  Sir  T.  Gates  :  besides  the  quantitie  of  300. 


642  PERIOD   III.     NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

bushels,  reserved  for  mine  Company.  As  soone  I  had 
unladen  this  Corne,  I  set  my 'men  to  the  felHng  of  Timber, 
for  the  building  of  a  Frigat,  which  I  left  half e  finished  in 
The  second  the  liauds  of  the  Carpenters  at  Point  Comfort, 
PeuEoke  t^^  1^-  ^*  March :  and  returned  myselfe  with  the 
River.  gj^ip  ii^to  Pcmbrook  River,  and  so  discovered  to 

the  head  of  it,  which  is  about  65.  leagues  into  the  land, 
Note  —  ^^^  navigable  for  any  ship.    And  then  marching 

Great  store      ijjto  tlic  Couutric,  I  f  ouud  OTcat  store  of  Cattle  as 

01  Oxen  in  .  .  ^      ,  _,  " .    ^ 

Peubrooke  big  as  Kiuc  [Bisou],  of  wliich,  the  Indians  that 
were  my  guides,  killed  a  couple  which  wee  found 
to  be  very  good  and  wholesome  meate,  and  are  very  easie  to 
be  killed  in  regard  they  are  heavy,  slow,  and  not  so  wild  as 
A  Myne.  otlier  bcasts  of  the  wildernesse.  In  this  Journie 
A  medici-  ^  Hkewisc  f ouud  a  Myne,  of  which  I  have  sent  a 
nabie  Earth,  ti'iall  iuto  Engj-land  :  and  hkewise  a  strang-e  kind 
of  Earth,  the  vertue  whereof  I  know  not ;  but  the  Indians 
A  water  that  ©ate  it  f  or  Pliysickc,  alleaging  that  it  curetli  the 
testVof^  sicknesse  and  paine  of  the  belly.  I  likewise 
AUum.  found  a  kind  of  water  issuing  out  of  the  Earth, 

which  hath  a  tart  taste  much  like  unto  Allum-water,  it  is 
good  and  wholesome :  for  my  men  did  drinke  much  of  it. 
An  Earth  and  ucvcr  found  it  otherwise.  I  also  found  an 
like  Gumme.  gj^j.^}^  j^g  ^  Guiume,  wliitc  and  cleere  ;  another 
HkrTe^r*^  sort  red  like  Terra  sigillata  ;  another  very  white, 
sigiiiata.  and  of  so  light  a  substance,  that  being  cast  into 
the  water,  it  swimmeth. 

"  Whilst  I  was  in  this  businesse,  I  was  told  by  certaine 
Indians,  my  friends,  that  the  Great  Powhatans 

The  great  -r-w  i  t.    i     i  •  •  i        i 

Kinj,-  Pato-  Daughter  Pokahuntis  was  with  the  great  Kmg 
-ftomec  .  Patowoneck,  whether  I  presently  repaired,  resolv- 
ing to  possesse  myselfe  of  her  by  any  stratagem  that  I  could 
use,  for  the  ransoming  of  so  many  Englishmen  as  were  pris- 
oners with  Powhatan ;  as  also  to  get  such  armes  and  tooles, 
as  hee,  and  other  Indians  had  got  by  murther  and  stealing 
from  others  of  our  Nation,  with  some  quantitie  of  corne, 
for  the  Colonies  relief e.     So  soone  as  I  came  to  an  anchor 


ARGALL  TO   HAWES.  643 

before  the  Towne,  I  manned  my  Boate  and  sent  on  shoare, 
for  the  King  of  Pastancy  and  Ensigne  S\^dft  (whom  I  had 
left  as  a  pledge  of  our  love  and  truce,  the  Voyage  before) 
who  presently  came  and  brought  my  pledge  with  him : 
whom  after  I  had  received,  I  brake  the  matter  to  this  King, 
and  told  him,  that  if  he  did  not  betray  Pokohuntis  into  my 
hands  ;  wee  would  be  no  longer  brothers  nor  friends.  Hee 
alleaged,  that  if  hee  should  undertake  this  businesse,  then 
Powhatan  would  make  warres  upon  him  and  his  people ; 
but  upon  my  promise,  that  I  would  joyne  with  him  against 
him,  hee  repaired  presently  to  his  brother,  the  great  King 
of  Patowomeck,  who  being  made  acquainted  with  the  mat- 
ter, called  his  Counsell  together:  And  after  some  few 
houres  deliberation,  concluded  rather  to  deliver  her  into 
my  hands,  then  lose  my  friendship,  so  presently,  poeahuntis 
he  betrayed  her  into  my  Boat,  wherein  I  car-  *^^®'^- 
ried  her  aboord  my  ship.  This  done,  an  Indian  was  dis- 
patched to  Powhatan,  to  let  him  know,  that  I  had  taken 
his  Daug-hter :  and  if  he  would  send  home  the  EnarHshmen 
(whom  he  deteined  in  slaverie,  with  such  armes  and  tooles, 
as  the  Indians  had  gotten,  and  stolne)  and  also  a  great 
quantitie  of  come,  that  then  he  should  have  his  daughter  re- 
stored, otherwise  not.  This  newes  much  grieved  this  great 
King,  yet,  without  delay,  he  returned  the  messenger  with 
this  answer.  That  he  desired  me  to  use  his  Daughter  well, 
and  bring  my  ship  into  his  River,  and  there  he  would  give 
mee  my  demands  :  wdiich  being  performed,  I  should  deliver 
him  his  Daughter,  and  we  should  be  friends. 

"  Having  received  this  answer,  I  presently  departed  from 
Patowomeck,  being  the  13.  of  Aprill,  and  repayred  with  all 
speed  to  Sir  T.  Gates,  to  know  of  him  upon  what  condition 
he  would  conclude  this  peace,  and  what  he  would  demand : 
to  whom  I  also  delivered  my  prisoner,  towards  whose  ran- 
some  within  few  dayes,  this  King  sent  home  seven  of  our 
men,  who  seemed  to  be  very  joy  full  for  that  they 
were  freed  from  the  slavery  and  feare  of  cruell 
murther,  which  they  daily  before  lived  in.     They  brought 


644  PERIOD   III.     NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

also  three  pieces,  one  broad  Axe,  and  a  long  whip-saw,  and 
one  canow  of  Corne.  I  beeing  quit  of  my  prisoner,  went 
forward  with  the  Frigat  which  I  had  left  at  Point  Comfort, 
and  finished  her. 

"  Thus  having  put  my  ship  in  hand  to  be  fitted  for  an  in- 
tended fishing  Voyage,  I  left  that  businesse  to  be  followed 
by  my  Master  with  a  ginge  of  men,  and  my  Lieutenant  for- 
tified on  slioare  with  another  ginge  to  fell  timber,  and 
cleave  plankes  to  build  a  fisliing  Boat ;  my  Ensigne  with 
another  giuge  was  imployed  in  the  Frigat,  for  getting  of 
fish  at  Cape  Charles,  and  transporting  it  to  Henries  Towne 
for  the  reliefe  of  such  men  as  were  there  :  and  myselfe  with 
a  fourth  ginge  departed  out  of  the  River  in  my  shallop,  the 
His  third  ^^^^  ^^  ^^J?  ^^^  ^^  discovcr  the  East  side  of  our 
Discovery.  Bay,  whicli  I  fouiid  to  have  many  small  Rivers 
in  it,  and  very  good  harbours  for  Boats  and  Barges,  but 
not  for  ships  of  any  great  burthen  ;  and  also  great  store  of 
Inhabitants,  who  seemed  very  desirous  of  our  love,  and  so 
much  the  rather,  because  they  had  received  good  reports 
from  the  Indians  of  Pembrock  River,  of  our  courteous 
usage  of  them,  whom  I  found  trading  with  me  for  corne, 
whereof  they  had  great  store.  We  also  discovered  a  mul- 
titude of  Hands  bearing  good  Medow  ground,  and  as  I 
thinke,  Salt  might  easily  be  made  there,  if  there  Avere  any 
Kerned  Salt  po^ds  digged,  for  that  I  found  Salt  kerned  where 
found.  i\^Q  water  had  over-flowne  in  certain  places.     Here 

is  also  great   store   of  fish,  both  shel-fish  and   other.     So 
having  discovered  along  the  shore  some  f  ortie  leagues  North- 
ward, I  returned  againe  to  my  ship,  the  twelfth 
^^    '      ""'  of  May,  and  hasted  forward  my  businesse  left  in 
hand  at  my  departure :   and  fitted  up  my  ship,  and  built 
my  fishing  Boate,  and  made  readie  to  take  the  first  oppor- 
tunitie  of  the  wind  for  my  fishing  Voyage,  of  which  I  be- 
seech God  of  his  mercy  to  blesse  us." 
He  was  going  fisliing  for  Frenchmen. 


VELASCO  TO   PHILIP  III.  645 

CCLXXVI.     PORTION  OF  VIRGINIA  AND  SUMMER 
ISLAND   HISTORY. 

KIMBOLTON  MS.  NUMBER  205. 

March  12,  1612-3,  to  June,  1613.  Portion  of  what  ap- 
pears to  have  been  a  liistory  of  the  Virginian  and  Summer 
Islands  settlements.  The  eight  pages  remaining  consist 
chiefly  of  an  abstract  of  the  ^'thu'd  charter"  to  the  Vir- 
ginia Company,  dated  March  12,  9  James  I.  Mention  is 
made  also  of  the  "  separation  of  the  Summer  Islands  from 
the  Virginian  body,"  of  Captain  Argall's  voyage  in  1612, 
and  of  a  letter  from  him  to  Mr.  Nicholas  Hawes  in  June, 
1613,  in  which  he  gave  a  more  favorable  account  of  the 
colonies  than  had  been  expected. 


CCLXXVII.    VELASCO  TO  PHILIP  III. 

GENERAL  ARCHIVES  OF  SIMANCAS.    DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE, 
VOLUME  2590,   FOLIO  46. 

Copy  of  a  holographic  letter  of  Don  Alonso  de  Velasco  to 
H.  M.,  dated  London,  August  2,  1613. 

Sire. 
"  Three  days  ago,  [July  20  ?]  came  to  this  city  a  ves- 
sel from  Virginia,  after  more  than  nine  months,  during 
which  no  news  had  reached  here  from  that  country,  and 
as  this  special  opportunity  offers,  I  send  herewith  a  letter 
[CCLXXVIIL]  which  I  have  received  from  Don  Diego  de 
MoHna,  whom  I  believed  to  be  dead  with  the  others  who 
were  with  him.  The  bearer  of  the  letter  is  sick ;  as  soon 
as  he  gets  better  I  shall  make  him  come  to  me  and  I  will 
open  communications  with  the  others  as  to  what  is  doing,  of 
which  I  shall  render  an  account  to  Your  Majesty,  ascertain- 
ing as  positively  as  it  can  possibly  be  done  that  all  I  can 
see  so  far  shows  that  what  I  have  written  to  Y.  M.  about 
that  country,  has  come  true.     From  the  Bermuda  this  ship 


646  PERIOD  III.     NOVEMBER,   1609-JULY,  1614. 

brings  a  few  pearls  and  some  amber,  and  they  are  every 
day  more  bent  upon  aiding  that  Colony. 

"  May  Ou'^  Lord  protect  Y.  M.  as  is  needful. 

"  From  London,  August  2*^  1613. 

"Don  Alonso  de  Velasco." 


CCLXXVIII.    MOLINA  TO  VELASCO. 

GENERAL  ARCHIVES  OF  SIMANCAS.    DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE, 
VOLUME  2590,  FOLIO  47  {CONNECTED    WITH  FOLIO  46). 

Copy  of  a  holographic  letter  of  Don  Diego  de  Molina  (it  is 
not  said  to  whom  it  is  directed),  dated  Vu-ginia,  May  28, 
1613.  (It  must  have  been  addressed  to  Don  Alonso  de 
Velasco.) 

"  The  person  who  will  hand  you  this  is  perfectly  trust- 
worthy and  you  can  rely  upon  all  he  tells  you,  and  thus  I 
shall  not  say  much  in  this  letter,  but  only  state  what  is  most 
important. 

"  Altho'  my  miprisonment  followed  by  such  extraordinary 
adventures  will  have  opened  H.  M.'s  eyes  and  led  him  to  see 
this  new  Algiers  in  America,  which  is  being  established  here, 
I  do  not  marvel  that  he  should  not  have  corrected  this  evil 
in  all  this  long  time,  since  the  delivery  would  require  a 
voyage  —  especially  as  there  is  wanting  all  certain  knowl- 
edge for  its  carrying  out  —  altho'  I  believe  that  with  your 
own  great  intelligence  and  with  the  going  of  thlg  Caravel  to 
Spain,  H.  M.  will  have  been  able  to  decide  what  is  of  most 
importance,  and  that  this  would  be  to  cut  short  the  advance 
of  a  Hydra  in  its  infancy,  since  the  intention  is  the  destruc- 
tion of  the  whole  West,  by  sea  as  well  as  on  land,  and  I  do 
not  doubt  that  great  results  will  follow,  because  the  advan- 
tages of  this  place  are  such  as  to  make  it  a  rendezvous  of  all 
the  pirates  of  Europe,  Avliere  they  will  be  well  received. 
This  nation  has  great  ideas  of  a  league  Avith  them  and  it  will 
be  very  powerful,  even  by  itself  alone,  because  on  the  day, 
when  there  shall  be  produced  here  a  sufficiency  of  grain 


MOLINA  TO  VELASCO.  647 

iiiid  an  abundance  of  cattle,  there  will  not  be  a  man  of 
whatever  quality  he  may  be,  who  will  not,  alone  or  in  com- 
pany with  others,  arm  a  vessel  to  come  out  here  and  join 
the  others  —  because  as  you  know,  this  Kingdom  abouud^^ 
with  poor  people,  who  abhor  peace,  and  this  is  necessarily  S(^ 
because  in  peace  they  perish  —  and  the  rich  are  so  haughty 
and  so  selfish  that  they  even  covet  the  wealth  of  the  Indies, 
their  s^old  and  their  silver  —  altlio'  this  will  not  be  wantmsf 
much  here,  as  they  have  discovered  some  mines  which  are 
considered  productive,  altho'  they  have  not  yet  been  able  to 
benefit  much  by  them,  until  they  shall  be  well  established 
here.  There  are  great  expectations  of  what  they  will  find 
in  the  mountains  in  great  abundance ;  so  say  the  Indians 
and  offer  to  show  the  places  which  they  know.  They  say 
that  at  the  lieadwaters  of  the  rivers,  after  they  have  come 
forth  from  the  mountains,  there  is  a  great  quantity  of  grains 
of  silver  and  gold ;  but  as  they  do  not  attach  any  value  to 
them,  but  only  to  copper  which  they  esteem  very  highly, 
they  do  not  collect  them.  Until  now  these  men  have  not 
been  able  to  go  out  to  discover  them,  however  eagerly  they 
may  desire  it  —  and  to  pass  beyond  towards  New  Mexico, 
and  from  thence  to  the  South  Sea,  where  they  think  of 
establishing  great  colonies,  and  fit  out  fleets,  with  which  to 
make  themselves  masters  of  those  waters  ;  as  of  this  Sea,  by 
colonizing  a  few  islands  of  those  that  he  Easterly  of  the 
Bahama  Channel,  and  by  conquering  others  like  Portorico, 
San  Domingo  and  Cuba.  Altho'  this  may  be  difficult  for 
them  at  least  we  have  already  seen  evidences  of  these  pur- 
poses in  the  settlement  of  Bermuda,  where  it  is  said,  they 
have  strong  fortifications,  because  the  conformation  of  the 
land  is  such  that  a  few  can  defend  themselves  ao;ainst  a 
large  number,  especially  by  preventing  a  landing  and  dis- 
embarking troops.  According  to  what  is  understood,  the 
depth  is  not  great  enough  for  ships  of  a  hundred  tons,  but 
I  believe  they  make  it  shallower  than  it  is,  because  I  have 
described  that  island  from  the  relation  of  Captain  Diego 
Ramirez,  who  was  stranded  there,  and  it  seems  to  me  that 


648  PERIOD  III.    NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614, 

other  and  larger  vessels  may  enter.  I  do  not  remember  it 
well,  because  it  is  long  ago,  but  the  description  is  in  the 
house  of  Don  Rodrigo  de  Aguiar,  of  the  India  Board,  and 
the  [padron?]  in  Sevilla,  in  the  house  of  the  Licentiate 
Antonio  Moreno,  Cosmographer  of  the  same.  But  above 
all  this  Captain  will  give  you  a  sufficient  account  of  the  isl- 
and, and  this  is  very  important  on  account  of  the  military 
measures  which  may  hereafter  be  taken  there.  Its  fertility 
is  great ;  fish  and  game  abound  infinitely,  and  pork  is  there 
as  much  as  they  can  wish,  and  thus  they  are  very  comfort- 
able in  that  Colony,  because  they  have  little  need  of  Eng- 
land, since  they  are  likewise  rich  in  amber  and  pearls,  of 
which  they  say  they  have  in  very  few  months  sent  to  this 
Kingdom  more  than  fifty  thousand  ducats  in  value,  counting 
the  ounce  at  a  moderate  value.  About  four  days  ago  there 
arrived  here  a  vessel  which  brought  them  men  and  supplies, 
and  they  do  not  cease  praising  the  good  features  of  this 
island  and  its  advantages. 

"  The  soil  here  is  fertile,  good  for  every  variety  of  e^^pl^ 
except  for  such  as  require  very  great  heat,  because  it  is  cold 
here.  There  is  much  hunting  and  fishing,  but  as  they  have 
not  yet  had  any  profit  from  the  mines,  —  except  only  in  tim- 
ber which  is  very  good,  the  merchants  have  not  been  able 
to  support  this  colony  with  such  liberality  as  is  required, 
and  thus  they  have  suffered  much  want  with  only  a  miser- 
able supply  of  wheat  or  maiz  and  dressing  wretchedly,  so 
that  if  to-day  three  hundred  men  should  come  the  first  year 
consumes  a  hundred  and  fifty  of  them,  and  there  is  no  year 
that  half  of  them  do  not  die.  Last  year  there  were  seven 
hundred  people  here,  and  only  three  hundred  and  fifty 
remain,  because  the  hard  work  and  the  scanty  food,  on  pub- 
lic works  kills  them,  and  increases  the  discontent  in  which 
they  live,  seeing  themselves  treated  like  slaves,  with  great 
cruelty.  Hence  a  good  many  have  gone  to  the  Indians,  of 
whom,  some  have  died  at  their  hands,  and  others  have  gone 
out  to  sea,  being  sent  out  to  fish,  and  those  who  remain  do 
so  by  force  and  are  anxious  to  see  a  fleet  come  from  Spain 


MOLINA  TO  VELASCO.  649 

to  release  them  from  this  misery,  because  from  the  griev- 
ance which  they  suffer  they  call  upon  God  and  appeal  to 
Your  Majesty,  in  whom  they  place  great  hopes.  And  thus 
let  a  fleet  come  and  give  them  a  passage  to  that  Kingdom, 
not  a  single  person  will  take  up  arms.  They  will  rather 
give  up  all  respect  and  obedience  to  their  rulers,  who  think 
they  can  keep  this  up  until  death,  and  altho'  there  it  is 
understood  that  the  merchants  are  abandoning  this  Colony, 
it  is  not  so,  because  this  is  a  stratagem,  by  which  they  think 
they  mislead  Y.  M.,  making  it  look  as  if  this  matter  were  to 
finish  by  itself  and  that  thus  there  would  be  no  necessity  for 
going  to  the  expense  of  fitting  out  a  fleet  of  any  size  that 
might  come  with  eight  hundred  or  a  thousand  men  and  set- 
tle the  matter  with  great  facility  —  and  even  with  five  hun- 
dred, because  no  succor  is  expected  from  England  to  resist, 
and  the  fortifications  which  they  have  are  ie°vli  and  so  fragile 
that  a  kick  would  destroy  them,  and  when  they  are  once 
supported  by  walls,  those  on  the  outside  are  better  than  those 
within  because  their  beams  and  loopholes  are  common  to 
both  parts,  a  fortification  without  skill,  and  made  by  people 
who  do  not  understand  it.  Nor  are  the  men  soldiers,  altlio' 
the  rulers  and  Captains  make  a  great  profession  of  them, 
because  of  the  great  assistance  they  have  rendered  in  Flan- 
ders, in  favor  of  Holland,  where  some  of  them  have  com- 
panies and  castles.  The  men  are  badly  disciplined  and  not 
drilled  at  all,  altho'  their  hopes  are  based  upon  one  of  two 
colonies,  which  they  have  established  twenty  leagues  from 
here,  up  the  river,  in  a  turn  of  the  river  on  a  peninsula, 
which  is  very  rovigh,  with  a  small  harbour  for  landing,  and 
they  are  convinced  that  there  they  can  defend  themselves 
against  the  whole  world.  I  have  not  seen  it,  but  I  know 
that  the  fortifications  are  like  the  others,  and  that  one  night 
the  Indians  broke  in  and  took  the  whole  place  without  resist- 
ance being  made,  shooting  arrows  in  at  all  the  doors,  so  that 
I  do  not  fear  any  difficulty  in  taking  this  place  nor  Bermuda, 
especially  if  my  advice  is  taken  in  both  cases,  as  coming 
from  a  person  who  has  resided  here  two  years  and  who 


650  PERIOD  III.    NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

has  examined  all  most  carefully.  I  am  looking  for  the 
decision  of  Y.  M,  desirous  of  being  of  some  service,  and  I 
lay  no  stress  upon  my  captivity  nor  the  suffering  which  I 
have  endured  as  a  prisoner,  by  hunger,  pain  and  illness, 
because  he  who  suffers  from  love,  looks  upon  his  afflictions 
with  indifference.  The  Ensign  Marco  Antonio  Perez  died 
fifteen  months  ago,  more  from  hunger  than  from  sickness, 
but  certainly  with  the  patience  of  a  Saint  and  the  spirit  of  a 
srood  soldier. 

o 

"  I  have  not  suffered  excessively,  altho'  considerably, 
because  since  I  came  here  I  have  been  acceptable  to  the 
people  here,  and  they  have  sympathised  with  me,  in  propor- 
tion to  their  own  misery,  but  with  real  good  will.  The  sailor, 
who  came  with  me,  is  said  to  be  an  Englishman  and  a  pilot. 
He  claims  to  be  from  Aragon  and  really  no  one  would  take 
him  to  be  a  foreigner. 

"  This  country  Hes  in  the  midst  of  thirty-seven  degrees 
and  a  third,  in  which  lies  also  the  bay  which  /^g^  call  Santa 
Maria ;  five  rivers  fall  into  it,  very  wide  and  very  deep ; 
this  one  measures  at  the  entrance  nine  fathoms,  and  inside 
from  five  to  six. 

"  The  others  measure  five,  seven,  eight  and  twelve.  The 
bay  measures  eight  at  the  mouth,  but  in  some  parts  it  is 
very  wide,  up  to  thirty  leagues.  There  is  much  valuable 
timber  there  and  material  for  shijDbuilchng ;  trees  fit  for 
such  purposes  as  they  may  desire  —  very  dark  walnut  wood, 
which  they  esteem  very  highly,  together  with  other  kinds  of 
valuable  trees. 

"  The  bearer  is  a  gentleman  from  Venice,  very  honor- 
able, who,  having  fallen  into  certain  grave  errors,  is  now 
restored  to  his  first  religion,  and  says  that  God  has  made  me 
His  instrument  in  this  change,  for  which  I  am  deeply  grate- 
ful. He  desires  to  go  to  SjDain  and  to  make  amends  for  his 
sins.  If  I  am  restored  to  freedom,  I  think,  I  shall  assist  him 
as  far  as  I  can.  I  beseech  you  to  do  me  the  favor  and  to 
make  him  some  present,  since  I  believe  it  will  be  a  kindness 
very  acceptable  to  Our  Lord.     You  see,  Sire,  that  I  do  not 


HENRY   MONTAGUE 
/•■;>5/    Earl  of  Mmirhn^ln 


MOLINA  TO   VELASCO.  651 

believe  Charity  to  be  extinct  yet  in  Spain,  and  think  it  must 
be  excited  in  you  by  a  man  who  leaves  here  poor  and  sick, 
who  cannot  make  any  use  of  his  good  parts,  and  i£  I  shall 
have  to  remain  here  long-,  I  shall  be  no  less  in  need  of  your 
assistance.  By  the  information  of  this  man,  who  will  tell 
you  what  I  endure  you  might  assist  me  with  some  shipstores, 
such  as  brought  here  for  certain  private  persons,  and  espe- 
cially linen  and  cloth  for  clothing  ourselves,  this  man  and 
myself,  since  we  go  naked  or  so  ragged,  that  it  amounts  to 
the  same ;  not  being  able  to  change  shnts  for  a  month, 
because  as  the  soldiers  say,  my  shirts  are  odd  and  do  not 
amount  to  three.  I  trust  in  God,  who  will  assist  me,  since 
He  begins  already  by  giving  me  health  after  eleven  months, 
during  which  I  had  none.  I  have  not  space  enough  to 
write  to  His  Majesty  and  you  will  be  able  to  do  it,  inform- 
ing him  of  all  I  state. 

"  May  God  preserve  you,  as  I  desire  it.  From  Virginia, 
May  28"'  (as  it  is  counted  in  Spain)  1613. 

"  K  you  have  the  Key  to  my  cipher  you  can  Avrite  to  me 
in  the  same  cipher  ;  but  this  letter  goes  between  the  soles  of 
a  shoe,  where  it  is  sewed  in,  and  thus  I  trust  to  God  that  I 
have  not  done  wrong  in  writing  in  this  manner.  At  first 
when  I  came  here,  I  wrote  to  His  Majesty  a  letter  which 
required  some  interpretation  and  I  addressed  it,  with  some 
others  to  you.  I  do  not  know  if  you  have  received  it.  I 
hoped  I  would  be  able  to  send  a  description  of  this  country^ 
but  the  public  nature  of  my  lodging  does  not  permit  it ; 
but  the  most  important  feature  is  the  Bay  which  extends 
N.  W.  -  S.  E  —  and  at  the  distance  of  four  leagues  from  the 
mouth  is  this  river  in  a  Southerly  direction,  with  9  fathoms 
depth.  At  the  entrance  there  is  a  fort,  or,  to  say  more  cor- 
rectly a  [flaco  de  tablas  ?]  ten  hands  high,  with  25  soldiers 
and  4  iron  ofuns.  Half  a  leaofue  from  here  there  is  another 
one,  but  smaller,  with  15  soldiers,  without  artillery.  There  is 
still  another  smaller  one,  all  of  which  are  inland,  half  a  league 
off,  against  the  Indians  ;  this  has  15  soldiers  more.  Twenty 
leagues  higher  up  is  this  Colony  with  150  persons  and  6  guns. 


652  PERIOD   in.     NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

Still  higher  up,  twenty  leagues  off,  is  another  strongly  situ- 
ated settlement,  to  which  all  of  them  will  be  taken,  when  the 
occasion  arrives,  because  there  they  place  their  hope.  Here 
there  are  a  hundred  persons  more  and  among  them  as 
among  the  peo]3le  here  there  are  women,  boys  and  field 
labourers,  so  that  there  remain  not  quite  two  hundred  effec- 
tive men  and  they  are  badly  disciphned. 

"Don  Diego  de  Molino." 


CCLXXIX.   MOLINA  TO  VELASCO. 

GENERAL  ARCHIVES  OF  SIMAXCAS.    DEPARTMEXT  OF  STATE, 
VOLUME  2590,   FOLIO  Ul. 

Copy  o£  a  holographic  letter  of  Don  Diego  de  Molina  to 
Don  Alonso  de  Velasco,  dated  Virginia,  July  8,  1613. 

"  When  I  was  captured  in  this  province  I  wrote  to  you 
and  to  His  Majesty,  and  addressed  my  letters  to  the  care  of 
the  President  of  the  Merchants  Board,  who  have  repeatedly 
assured  me  that  they  were  handed  to  you  —  on  which 
account  I  am  very  much  astonished,  that  you  have  never 
replied  to  me,  even  as  a  comfort  in  so  long  a  capti^dty  — 
and  thus  I  determined  not  to  do  it  again,  but  to  leave  in 
God's  hands  as  in  the  hands  of  a  Father  of  Mercy  and 
Compassion  all  my  affairs.  But  ha\ing  asked  Mr  Thomas 
Guietz  [Gates]  the  Governor  of  this  countr}^,  to  send  me  on 
board  the  ship  that  is  now  saihng,  to  that  kingdom,  he  has 
replied  to  me  and  actually  ordered  me  to  write  to  you 
beseeching  you  to  manage  it  so  that  Master  Clare  [Clark] 
be  restored  and  I  be  at  once  taken  to  Spain.  If  it  be  not 
for  any  other  reason  of  yours,  I  shoidd  venture  to  trust  the 
word  of  the  Boaid,  because  the  men  of  this  nation,  who  do 
not  like  to  bind  themselves  much,  pride  themselves  much  to 
keep  their  word,  and  thus  it  seems  to  me  that  if  they  offer 
to  send  me  to  Spain  as  soon  as  the  others  (are  surrendered) 
in  England  this  exchange  might  be  made  without  any  diffi- 
culty whatever.     I  understand  very  well  that  you  will  have 


MOLINA   TO   YELASCO.  653 

left  no  means  iintiied,  but  one  who  is  suffering,  always  likes 
to  speak  of  liis  own  affairs  and  suggest  something  that 
might  be  of  advantage  to  him.  I  beseech  you  to  do  in  this 
matter  all  that  you  can  do,  since  it  is  a  righteous  cause. 
Here  they  have  certainly  treated  me  with  great  courtesy 
and  Mr.  Thomas  Guiets  has  been  a  father  to  me,  to  whom 
I  am  greatly  indebted,  —  and  everybody  here  in  particular, 
have  shown  me  such  love,  that  if  I  had  been  in  need,  they 
would  have  assisted  me  with  everything  that  I  coidd  have 
needed  —  but  as  all  the  necessaries  of  life  are  provided  by 
the  Government  and  as  there  are  many  private  persons 
here,  there  are  given  out  to  them  every  year  provisions  and 
cloth  and  fine  linen  for  clothes,  and  I  have  desired  to 
request  that  the  same  be  done  to  me,  so  that  I  may  not  be 
compelled  to  weary  the  Governor  and  to  exhaust  the  good 
will  which  he  shows  to  myself  and  to  the  sailor  who  came 
with  me,  and  who  they  say  is  an  Englishman  and  a  pilot  — 
a  thing  very  new  to  me  who  have  always  taken  him  for  a 
Spaniard  of  Aragon,  as  he  himself  asserts.  —  and  as  Marco 
Antonio  Perez  the  soldier  who  died  here  fifteen  months 
ago,  told  me,  has  assured  him  that  he  came  from  the  same 
country  and  on  account  of  their  intimacy,  asked  him  to 
embark  and  to  provide  him  with  something  from  the  Havan- 
nah  to  Spain.  His  captivity  and  mine  are  very  free  and 
we  go  about  in  the  same  manner  as  if  we  were  Enghshmen. 
They  are  certainly  courteous  and  kindly  disposed.  Captain 
Adams,  who  sails  in  this  vessel  and  it  is  understood  will 
soon  retume  in  it,  I  have  asked  to  speak  with  you  about 
my  business,  primary  and  secondary,  about  food  and  wear- 
ing apparel,  because  with  that,  they  say,  troubles  are  less. 
He  will  carry  everything  you  may  give  him,  for  so  he  has 
promised  me,  and  above  all  I  beseech  you,  write  to  me,  and 
if  you  do  not  do  it,  upon  my  word,  this  is  my  last,  because, 
although  a  prisoner,  I  have  my  [juntos  y  collares  ?].  Par- 
don me,  I  pray,  my  eccentricity,  and  may  Our  Lord  protect 
you  as  I  desire,  since  all  my  affairs  are  summed  up  in  this 
letter,  and  in  my  previous  letters  I  gave  you  an  account  of 


654  PERIOD  III.     NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

all  that  I  did  until  I  was  captured  and  the  manner  in  which 
my  misfortune  came  about. 

"  From  Virginia,  July  S*'^  1613,  according  to  the  Grego- 
rian Calendar. 

"Don  Diego  de  Molina." 

CCLXXIX.  was  probably  not  forwarded  to  Philip  III. ; 
it  was  evidently  only  a  bHnd  intended  to  be  shown  for  the 
purpose  of  deceiving  the  EngHsh. 


CCLXXX.   PHILIP  III.   TO   GONDOMAR. 

GENERAL  ARCHIVES  OF  SIMANCAS.    DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE, 
VOLUME  2572,   FOLIO  17. 

Copy  of  a  draft  of  a  letter  of  H.  M.  to  Don  Diego  Sarmi- 
ento  de  Acuria,  dated  San  Lorenzo,  August  10,  1613. 
"  I  have  these  last  days,  written  to  the  Ambassador  Don 
Alonso  de  Velasco  in  reply  to  another  letter  of  his  what 
you  will  see  in  the  enclosed  copy  on  the  subject  of  the  free- 
dom of  three  sailors  from  Spain,  who  had  been  captured  in 
Virginia  —  and  since  it  is  not  known  as  yet  whether  they 
have  come  back  to  that  kingdom,  nor  what  is  done  in  this 
special  case  —  I  charge  and  command  you  to  ascertain  the 
state  of  this  question.  You  will  endeavour  with  great 
energy  to  secure  these  three  sailors  their  freedom,  taking 
for  this  purpose  all  such  measures  as  may  be  most  efficient, 
in  conformity  with  the  contents  of  the  aforesaid  copy  — 
and  you  will  promptly  inform  me  of  whatever  may  .  .  ." 

CCLXXXI.   CHAMBERLAIN  TO  CARLETON. 

Chamberlain  to  Carleton.  "  From  Ware-Parke  this  first 
of  August  1613." 

..."  Arthur  Ingram  for  his  good  service  was  Knighted 
before  the  Kings  going.  I  heard  not  long  since  that  the 
younge  Lady  Rich  is  brought  a  bed  of  a  daughter  at  Ken- 
sington.    The  Countesse  of  Cumberland  wife  of  the  now 


CHAMBERLAIN   TO   CARLETON.  655 

Earle  is  lately  dead  and  so  is  old  Simons  of  Oxfordshire. 
.  .  .  There  is  a  ship  come  from  Virginia  with  newes  of 
theyre  well  doing,  which  puts  some  life  into  that  action, 
that  before  was  almost  at  the  last  cast.  They  have  taken 
a  daughter  of  a  King  that  was  theyre  greatest  ennemie,  as 
she  was  going  a  feasting  upon  a  river  to  visit  certain 
frends :  for  whose  ransome  the  father  offers  whatsoever  is 
in  his  power,  and  to  become  theyre  frend,  and  to  bring 
them  where  they  shall  meet  with  gold  mines  :  they  pro- 
pound unto  him  three  conditions,  to  deliver  all  the  English 
fugitives,  to  render  all  manner  of  amies  or  weapons  of 
thevrs  that  are  come  to  his  handes  and  to  g-eve  them  300 
quarters  of  corne.  The  two  first  he  performed  redehe  and 
promiseth  the  other  at  theyre  harvest.  Yf  his  daughter 
maybe  well  used  in  the  meanetime.  But  this  Ship  brought 
no  commodities  from  thence  but  only  these  fayre  tales  and 
hopes.  Marrie  touching  at  the  Bermudaes  she  hath  brought 
thence  some  quantitie  of  perle,  and  between  20  and  30 
pound  weight  of  ambergreece  worth  £900.  at  least ;  and 
by  the  next  that  is  to  come  thence  they  are'  promised  to 
have  a  return  of  fowre  times  as  much. 

"  When  the  business  of  Virginia  was  at  the  highest,  in 
that  heat,  many  gentlemen  and  others  were  drawn  by  pei"- 
swasion  and  importunitie  of  frends  to  underwrite  theyre 
names  for  adventurers,  but  when  yt  came  to  the  payment 
(specially  the  second  or  third  time)  theyre  handes  were  not 
so  redy  to  go  to  theyre  purses  as  they  were  to  the  paper, 
and  in  the  end  flatly  refused,  wherupon  they  are  sued  by 
the  companie  in  the  Chauncerie,  where  this  action  findes  such 
favor  that  they  have  redy  dispatch,  and  the  underwriters 
are  forced  to  make  payment,  which  amounts  to  a  round 
summe,  between  three  and  fowre  thousand  pound :  among 
the  rest  your  cousen  Will.  Lytton  was  drawne  on  by  Sir 
Walter  Cope  with  perswasion  that  he  shold  not  neede  to 
adventure  anything  unles  he  list,  but  only  to  geve  his 
name  for  incouragement  to  others  and  for  a  countenance  to 
the  cause  :  but  now  yt  comes  to  the  reckening  he  is  faine 


656  PERIOD   III.     NOVEMBER,  1609-JULy,  1G14. 

to  disburse  £40.  and  his  frend  Sir  Walter  cannot  protect 
him,  et  sic  solet  heare  (sic)  amicus."  .  .  . 


CCLXXXII.   DIGBY  TO  JAMES   I. 

August  15,  1613.     Madrid.     Digbye  to  James  I. 

.  .  .  "'Desire  of  this  State  to  maintain  peace  :  they  med- 
dle not  in  slight  or  uncertain  enterprises :  if  they  were  fit 
for  war,  and  that  any  occasion  of  important  advantage 
were  ofPered,  they  would  not  omit  to  layhold  of  it ;  But 
herein  I  restraine  myself  to  these  parts  of  the  world,  for 
that  I  knowe  they  would  have  attempted  the  removing  of 
the  English  from  Verginea,  but  that  they  are  certeynly 
informed  ;  the  Buisines  will  fall  of  itself.  And  within  these 
two  daies  I  knowe  both  the  Councell  of  Warr  and  of  State, 
have  satt  about  the  over  throwing  of  our  new  plantation  in 
the  Bermudas ;  of  the  resolution  taken  therin,  your  Majes- 
tic shall,  I  hope,  by  my  next,  be  particularly  advertised." 

[Mem.  —  "  Gondomar  (to  call  him  by  a  title  not  yet  con- 
ferred on  him  as  count,  though  he  possessed  the  name 
seignorially)  landed  at  Portsmouth,  as  Philip  the  Third's 
Ambassador,  at  the  close  of  July,  1613."  —  "  Life  of  Ra- 
legh," by  Edwards,  vol.  i.  p.  571. 

The  exact  date  of  his  arrival  in  London  I  do  not  know. 
In  his  letter  to  the  king,  of  September  25  (0.  S.), 
(CCLXXXVIL),  he  mentions  having  previously  written 
regarding  the  English- American  colonies  on  the  27th  of 
August  (0.  S.) ;  but  I  have  not  found  a  copy  of  this  letter, 
which  was  probably  his  first  on  the  subject.  In  the  same 
letter  (CCLXXXVIL)  he  mentions  having  received  from 
the  king,  on  August  30  (0.  S.),  two  letters,  one  CCLXXX., 
and  the  other  of  August  2o>  which  has  not  been  found.] 


PHILIP  III.  TO   VELASCO.  657 

CCLXXXIII.    THE  HARCOURT  COLONY. 

August  28,  1613.  "  Grant  to  Robert  Harcourt,  Sir 
Thomas  Challoner  and  John  Rovenson  [Robenson],  and  to 
the  heirs  of  Harcourt,  of  all  that  part  of  Guiana  or  continent 
of  America,  between  the  rivers  Amazon  and  Dollesquebe," 
etc.  —  Grant  Book,  Domestic,  Jac.  I.,  p.  126. 

"  A  Relation  of  a  Voyage  to  Guiana,  Describing  the 
Climat,  Situation  &c  of  that  Country.  .  .  .  The  Pattent 
for  the  Plantation  of  which  Country,  his  Maiestie  hath 
ofranted  to  the  said  Robert  Harcourt  under  the  Great  Seale. 
...  At  London  Printed  by  John  Beale,  for  W.  Welby. 
.  .  .  1613." 

Dedicated  to  Prince  Charles.     Now  worth  $125. 

CCLXXXIV.     DIGBY  TO  JAMES  L 

Madrid,  September  3,  1613.     Digbye  to  James  I. 

..."  Touching  Verginea  ;  The  Spanish  Ambassador  in 
England  hath  receaved  Letters  from  Molina  the  Spaniard 
that  is  there,  of  the  misery  and  distress  in  which  they  live  ; 
So  that  it  is  determined  by  this  Councell,  not  to  speake  any 
more  in  that  Buisines,  being  a  thing  (they  suppose)  which 
will  die  of  itself ;  only  it  is  ordered  that  the  Spanish  Ambas- 
sador shall  represent  unto  your  Majestic,  the  yll  usage  that 
the  Spaniards  have  had  in  Verginea,  and  that  one  of  them 
is  dead  with  Huno^er,  notwithstandinof  that  the  Ensflish 
Pilot  which  was  brought  from  thence  and  is  here,  hath  beene 
verie  well  used." 

CCLXXXV.     PHILIP  III.   TO  VELASCO.        ^ 

GENERAL  ARCHIVES  OF  SIMANCAS.    DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE, 
VOLUME  2572,   FOLIO  22. 

Copy  of  a  deciphered  letter  of  H.  M.  to  Don  Alonso  de 
Velasco,  dated  San  Lorenzo,  September  14,  1613. 
"I  have  seen  your  letter  of  the  2*^  ult.  [CCLXXVH.] 


658  PERIOD   III.     NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,   1614. 

and  also  that  which  came  with  it  from  Virginia  from  Don 
Diego  de  MoHna   [CCLXXVIII.],  and  I  am  thus  made 
aware  of  all  that  is  there  said  of  the  state  of  things  in  those 
countries.     It  will  be  well  and  I  charge  you,  to   succour 
him  in  the  way  which  he   suggests  to  you,  with  all   the 
stores,  cloth  and  Hnen  he  asks  for,  so  that  his  sufferings 
may  be  somewhat  relieved  and  his  captivity  eased.     I  also 
charge  you  to  present  to  your  King  new  and  urgent  remon- 
strances, so  that  they  may  as  promptly  as  possible  bring  the 
said  Don  Diego  over   here,  telling  him  how  the   Ensign 
Marco  Antonio   has   died  there    (calling   him   however   a 
sailor),  and  how  his  pilot  here  is  well  treated,  and  that  in 
justice  the  treatment  ought  to  be  the  same,  Molina  being- 
treated  there  as  his   pilot  is  treated  here  —  and  you  will 
report  to  me  all  that  ..." 

[Mem.  —  The  Martha  returned  from  the  Bermudas  about 
the  19th  of  September,  bringing  the  second  third  part  of 
the  "  amber-greece."] 

CCLXXXVI.     DIGBY   TO  JAMES  L 

Madrid,  September  22,  1613.  Digby  to  James  I.  (In 
cypher-deciphered.) 

..."  Heere  is  lately  amved  a  Poste  from  the  newe 
Spanish  Ambassadour,^  And  I  have  founde  meanes  to  come 
by  a  sighte  of  his  dispatche.^  .  .  . 

"  Hee  (the  ambassador)  advertizethe  further  diverse  things 
concerninge  Don  Alonso  de  Velasco's  departure  and  your 
Majesties  bountie  in  presenting  him  :  As  likewise  of  ye  state 
of  our  people  in  Virginia.  And  of  ye  course  which  is  helde 
in  ye  newe  Plantation  of  ye  Vermudos." 

1  Gondomar,  who  has  succeeded  had  bribed  Yelasco.  I  suppose  this  is 
Velasco.  the   letter   of   i'LPV"'''2?.''    mentioned    in 

2  From  this  it  seems  that  Gondomar  CCLXXXVII.,  which  has  not  been 
insinuated  that  the  King  of  England  found. 


GONDOMAR  TO   PHILIP  III.  659 

CCLXXXVII.     GONDOMAR  TO   PHILIP   III. 

GENERAL  ARCHIVES  OF  SIMANCAS.    DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE, 
VOLUME  2590,   FOLIOS  118,  119. 

Copy  of  an  original  letter  of  Don  Diego  Sarmiento  de  Acuiia 
to  H.  M.,  dated  London,  October  5,  1613. 

"  Sire. 
"  Y.  M.'s  letters  of  the  10"^  ^  and  20*^  ^  August  were  re- 
ceived by  me  on  the  9'^  ult :  Avith  a  copy  of  what  Y.  M.  or- 
dered to  be  written  to  Don  Alonso  de  Velasco,  on  February 
7"'  of  this  year/  concerning  the  release  of  Don  Diego  de 
MoHna,  who  is  a  prisoner  in  Virginia  —  in  which  Y.  M.  com- 
mands me  to  make  every  effort  that  may  be  necessary,  until 
the  desired  result  be  obtained.  In  compliance  with  this  I 
have  tried  to  inform  myself  as  to  the  condition  in  which  this 
matter  is,  and  I  have  ascertained  that  more  than  a  year  ago 
this  Kinsf  here  ordered  Don  Dieoo  de  Molina  and  his  com- 
panions  to  be  exchanged  for  the  English  pilot,  who  is  in 
Spain  and  that  this  order  has  not  been  carried  out  because 
nothing  was  known  of  this  pilot  until  now  and  because  there 
was  no  opportunity  of  getting  Don  Diego  de  Molina  here. 
And  havino["  renewed  now  the  remonstrances  which  Don 
Alonso  de  Velasco  had  presented  on  this  subject,  I  have 
caused  the  merchants  of  the  Vu-ginia-Board  to  be  compelled 
to  have  Don  Diego  de  Molina  and  his  companions  brought 
over  here  to  be  put  into  my  hands,  with  the  first  ship  that 
comes,  and  now  Antonio  de  Acosta,  a  Portuguese  merchant, 
an  honorable  man,  who  resides  here,  thro'  who  at  the  same 
time  the  English  pilot  in  Spain  will  be  handed  over  to  the 
ambassador  of  this  King,  with  which  an  order  will  be  dis- 
patched by  a  vessel  *  which  sails  within  20  days  from  here  to 

1  Philip  III.'s  letter  of  aS^'o,  1613,  *  The  Elizabeth,  which  sailed  Octo- 
CCLXXX.  bor  14th,  on  the  nineteenth  day  there- 

2  Philip  III.'s  letter  of  Au^st  J^th,  after,    thus    showing    that    Gondoraar 
1G13.     Not  found.  was   correctly  informed  on  tliis  point. 

8  Philip    III.'s   letter   of   /ebTJjIth,     But  he  is  not  generally  more  accurate 
1613.     Not  found.  than  the  previous  ambassadors. 


660  PERIOD   III.     NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

Virginia,  that  the  Governor  shall  send  Diego  de  Molina  to 
this  city,  him  and  his  companions  by  the  first  opportunity 
that  may  offer.  By  this  vessel  I  shall  send  him  some  sup- 
plies of  cloth  and  linen  and  some  money,  so  that  he  may  be 
able  to  dress  himself  more  suitably  than  he  says  he  is  now 
able  to  do.  Y.  M.  commands  me  to  have  him  brought  over 
and  I  hope  that  within  six  months  this  shi2)  will  be  back 
here  and  that  these  men  will  come  in  her. 

"  Considering  that  Colony  and  Bermuda  I  reported  to 
Y.  M.  on  the  6"*  ult :  ^  as  to  the  state  in  which  they  are,  and 
desirous  to  ascertain  the  correctness  of  that  information,  I 
have  examined  several  persons  of  those  who  have  come  from 
Virginia  in  the  last  ship,  and  they  all  agree  upon  this  :  That 
there  is  a  good  bar  and  the  entry  into  the  harbour  is  by  a 
river  higher  up  —  that  upon  the  river  they  have  erected  five 
fortifications :  the  first  Gomes  [James]  which  is  the  name 
of  this  King  here  in  English ;  the  second  is  called  '  Hen- 
erique '  after  the  Prince  who  died ;  the  third  is  Charles,  like 
the  one  who  came  to-day  ;  ^  Point  Comfort  the  fourth,  and 
Fort  Henry  the  fifth ;  and  these  forts  are  surrounded  with 
earthworks,  on  which  they  plant  their  artillery.  The  Com- 
mander is  now  Don  Thomas  Gates,  and  Marshall  Don 
Thomas  Dale;  there  are  about  three  hundred  men  there 
more  or  less ;  and  the  majority  sick  and  badly  treated, 
because  they  have  nothing  to  eat  but  bread  of  maize,  with 
fish ;  nor  do  they  drink  anything  but  water  —  all  of  which 
is  contrary  to  the  nature  of  the  English  —  on  which 
account  they  all  wish  to  return  and  would  have  done  so  if 
they  had  been  at  liberty. 

"  The  cattle  which  they  take  with  them  from  here  does 
not  produce,  nor  does  it  improve,  because  there  is  but  scanty 
and  bad  grazing  on  the  fields. 

"  The  Savages  and  natives  of  the  Country  stand  in  bad 

^  Gondomar's  letter  to  Philip  III.  of     had  found  out  something  of  the  con- 


Sf  ptcmber  6 


not   found.     It  was   received     tents.     See  CCLXXXVI. 


prior  to  September  22d,  when  Digby         ^  That  is,  the  third  is  called  Charles 

after  the  present  prince. 


Bishol>  "/BU,t/i  and    If  •.//,< 


GONDOMAR  TO    PHILIP  III.  661 

relations  to  them  and  no  Englishman  can  leave  his  fort  with- 
out runninsT  ffreat  risk  of  his  Hfe.  When  the  General  some- 
times  goes  a  hunting,  he  takes  a  guard  with  him  to  protect 
Iiis  person. 

"  Nothing  is  brought  from  Virginia,  of  any  importance, 
but  there  is  an  abundance  of  good  timber  for  ship  building. 

"  In  Bermuda  there  is  as  a  Captain  and  Governor,  a  Mas- 
ter Mour,  who  was  a  carpenter  in  this  city.  It  is  about  six 
days  that  a  ship  ^  from  there  arrived  here,  and  it  brings 
sixty-four  pounds  of  Ambergris,  which  is  sold  in  this  city  at 
fourteen  ducats  an  ounce ;  it  also  brings  some  of  the  wheat 
that  has  been  sown  there,  which,  however,  I  am  told,  does 
not  produce  very  well. 

"  They  have  erected  there  a  fort  which  is  well  intrenched, 
and  with  some  few  pieces  of  artillery  and  eighty  persons, 
counting  men  and  women,  as  I  reported  to  Y.  M.,  in  my  let- 
ter of  the  6"'  ult :  and  on  this  subject  there  is  nothing  new 
to  be  added. 

"  Don  Thomas  Esmit  [Smith]  who  is  President  of  the 
Merchants'  Council  and  Board,  who  have  maintained  and 
still  maintain  those  Colonies  at  their  own  expense,  has  given 
us  to  understand  that  they  have  spent  as  much  as  forty-six 
thousand  pound  sterling  in  this  enterprise,  which  make  in 
our  money  a  hundred  and  eighty  four  thousand  dollars, 
countinjr  the  dollar  at  ten  reales.  All  this  has  been  contrib- 
uted  by  merchants  and  has  been  obtained  by  some  lotteries 
which  they  have  had  here,  and  without  costing  the  King  a 
single  real.  But  weary  of  spending  so  much  money  without 
any  hope  of  reaping  a  profit,  because  the  soil  produces 
nothing,  they  now  think  of  carrying  all  the  people  that  are 
there  to  Bermuda  or  to  Ireland  by  the  coming  Spring.^ 
For  the  ship  Avhich  they  now  are  dispatching,  they  have 

1  The  Martha.  quently  very  few,  if  any,  people  out- 

2  A  great  deal  of  this  talk  was  evi-  side  of  the  council  were  correctly  in- 
dently  intended  to  mislead  the  Span-  formed  as  to  the  facts.  Thus  it  hap- 
iard.  From  the  beginning  the  enter-  pened  people  were  misinformed  then, 
prise  was  necessarily  carried  on  with  and  have  been  misled  since. 

great  diplomacy  and  secrecy.     Conse- 


662  PERIOD   III.     NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1G14. 

found  only  low  and  lost  people  to  sail  in  it,  because  it  has 
become  known  that  of  the  thousand  persons  who  last  year 
went  there,  and  of  the  few  who  were  still  there,  up  to  now 
more  than  eight  hundred  have  died,  so  that  there  remained 
there  only  three  hundred. 

"  May  God  preserve  Your  Catholic  Majesty,  as  all  Chris- 
tendom needs  it ! 

"  London,  October  5*^  1613. 

"  Don  Diego  Sarmiento  de  Acuna." 


CCLXXXVIII.   EDMONDES  TO  JAMES  I. 

Sir  Thomas  Edmondes  to  King  James.  Paris,  France, 
October  11,  1613. 

..."  I  understand,  that  they  are  nothing  well  satisfied 
here,  .  .  .  that  the  french  shippes  were  hindred  this  yeare 
by  the  English  from  the  making  of  anie  benefitt  of  the 
whale  fishing  at  Greenland  ;  ^  which  discontentment  is  also 
further  aggravated  by  another  advertisement  which  is  come 
hither  that  the  English  shippes  at  Virginia  ^  tooke  a  french 
shipe,  which  was  going  to  make  a  plantation  in  those 
partes,  and  killed  diverse  of  the  men ;  but  as  they  here  say, 
used  greatest  crueltie  against  certaine  Jesuittes  which  were 
in  the  said  shippe." 


CCLXXXIX.   DIGBY  TO  JAMES  I. 

Madrid,  Spain,  October  13,  1613.  Sh  John  Digbye  to 
James  I. 

In  reference  to  the  dispatch  of  the  Spanish  ambassador, 
he  says :  "  It  is  appointed,  That  for  the  business  of  Vir- 

^  These  voyages  of  Captain  Joseph  ter  of   March  13,  1613  ;   accounts  of 

and   Captain   Argall   caused    a   great  the  voyage  will  be  found  in  Purchas, 

commotion  at  the  time.     The  first  will  iii.    pp.    716,    etc.,    and    Archreologia 

be  mentioned  several  times  hereafter  Americana,  iv.  pp.  239-314.     Argall's 

in  these  documents.     It  only  belongs  voyage  is  of  course   frequently  men- 

to  this  work  in   an    illustrative    way.  tioned  hereafter. 
The  expedition  sailed  under  the  char- 


PHILIP  III.  TO  GONDOMAR.  663 

ofinea  and  the  Bermudos,  his  advertisements  be  made 
known  unto  the  Counsell  of  the  Indies,  and  that  ye  Spanish 
Ambassador  bee  willed  to  advertise  what  hee  shall  farther 
heare  of  them  ;  and  that  ye  Spanish  Ambassador  particu- 
larly labour  to  gett  the  liberty  of  Don  Diego  Mohna,  the 
Spaniard  that  was  left  in  Virginea." 

[Mem.  —  On  the  14th  of  October,  1613,  the  EKzabeth, 
Captain  Adams,  sailed  from  England  to  Virginia  via  the 
Bermudas,  taking  potatoes  to  the  island  and  silkworms  to 
Virginia.] 

CCXC.   PHILIP  III.  TO  GONDOMAR. 

GENERAL  ARCHIVES   OF  SIMANCAS.    DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE, 
VOLUME  2572,  FOLIO  27. 

Copy  of  an  extract  from  a  deciphered  letter  of  H.  M.  to 
Don  Diego  Sarmiento  de  Acuna,  dated  Ventosa,  October 
24,  1613. 

"  It  was  well  in  you  to  give  me  an  account  of  what  has 
become  known  concerning  Bermuda  and  Virginia,  and  I 
shall  be  pleased  if  you  continue,  so  that  here  may  be  done 
whatever  may  be  proper  —  and  you  will  carry  out  the 
exchange  which  has  been  agreed  upon,  of  Don  Diego  de 
Molina  and  the  sailor  with  him,  for  the  EngUsh  pilot  who 
is  here  —  remembering  that  the  said  Don  Diego  is  likewise 
called  a  sailor,  which  you  must  use  instead  of  the  other 
name,  so  as  to  prevent  any  difficulty  in  the  exchange  —  and 
you  will  attend  to  the  matter  of  clothing  and  provisions  as 
he  has  requested."  ^ 

1  This  request  was  made  in  move  the  EngUsh  from  Virginia  by 
CCLXXVIII.  The  contrast  between  force,  as  Zuiiiga  did.  To  the  contrary 
CCLXXVIII.  and  CCLXXIX.,  which  his  letters  seem  to  be  intended  to  pro- 
were  written  by  the  same  person,  pos-  duce  the  impression  that  the  colony 
sibly  to  the  same  person,  but  for  dif-  would  be  abandoned.  He  was  thus 
ferent  purposes,  will  show  very  clearly  "  playing  into  the  hands  "  of  the  Eng- 
what  little  reliance  there  is  to  be  lish  ;  but  whether  intentionally,  or 
placed  in  partisan  evidence.  Gondo-  not,  I  cannot  say. 
mar  does  not  urge  Philip  III.  to  re- 


664  PERIOD  III.    NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

CCXCI.   MONTMORENCY  TO  JAMES   I. 
H.  de  Montmorency,  Admiral  of  France,  to  King  James. 

"  Sire. 

"I  thought  it  was  my  duty  to  accompany  the  letters^ 
which  the  King  my  master  wrote  you,  with  some  o£  my 
own,  in  order  to  have  the  honor  to  offer  to  your  Majesty 
my  very  humble  service,  and  to  entreat  you  to  be  favorable, 
(since  as  Admiral  under  the  authority  of  the  King,  I  have 
the  charge  of  the  marine  affairs  of  this  Kingdom,)  that  I 
represent  to  you  the  just  complaint  and  the  injury  which 
the  French  have  received  from  some  of  your  subjects  who, 
being  in  an  English  ship  called  the  Treasurer,  whereof 
Samuel  d'Argail  is  Captain,  went  to  that  country  of  Can- 
ada, called  New  France,  to  the  harbor  of  Pentagoet,  where 
they  found  a  small  settlement,  which  was  begun  by  per- 
mission of  the  King  with  our  leave,  and  at  the  expense  of 
Madame  La  Marquis  de  Guercheville,  lady  of  honor  to  the 
Queen,  through  a  good  and  holy  zeal  to  lead  the  poor  Sav- 
ages of  the  said  country  to  a  civil  conversation,  and  to 
preach  to  them  the  doctrine  of  Jesus  Christ,  and  for  that 
purpose,  a  number  of  Jesuit  fathers  were  there- 

"  But  your  said  subjects  have  ruined  this  plan  ;  they 
have  attacked  the  colony  ;  they  have  slain  many  men,  and 
among  others,  two  of  the  said  Jesuits  ;  and  besides,  they 
carried  away  two  others  with  them  into  Virginia,  (by  what 
people  say)  ;  and  have  abandoned  the  rest  of  the  people  to 
the  mercy  of  the  waters,  in  a  small  skiff.  We  know  well 
enough,  Sire,  the  goodness,  and  the  usual  clemency  with 
which  you  are  filled,  and  that  you  are  so  far  removed  from 
such  inhumanity  that  you  will  assuredly  do  justice  in  this 
matter,  when  you  are  informed  of  it.  Therefore  in  the 
name  of   France,  and  of  the  private   parties   interested  in 

^  I  suppose  these  were  the  "  French     ceedings  of   the    Mass.   Hist.   Society, 
Complaints."       (See       CCCXVIII.)     1884. 
CCXCI.  was   published   in    the    Pro- 


CHAMBERLAIN  TO  CARLETON.  (j()5 

these  Countries,  I  heg  your  Majesty  for  three  things  :  — 
One,  that  you  will  command  the  two  Jesuit  fathers  to  be 
returned  in  safety  with  the  other  prisoners  ;  the  other,  that 
restitution  shall  be  made  for  so  remarkable  a  robbery, 
which  costs  the  said  dame  Marquise  more  than  a  hundred 
thousand  Hvres  of  loss.  And  the  third,  that  your  Council 
or  the  Company  of  Virginia  may  be  obliged  to  declare  and 
explain  as  far  as  where  they  understand  to  be  carried,  the 
boundaries  and  confines  of  the  said  country  of  Virginia,  in 
asmuch  as  we  thought  the  difficulty  might  have  come  on 
account  of  the  neighborhood  of  the  two  Colonies.  But  your 
Majesty  knows  that  for  more  than  eighty  years,  the  French 
have  been  in  possession  of  it,  and  have  given  to  it,  the  name 
of  New  France.  The  hope  that  your  Majesty  will  be  .  .  . 
how  prudently  to  remedy  this,  and  find  it  good,  if  it  please 
you,  that  Mons.  de  Buisseaux,  Ambassador  may  be  inter- 
ested more  particularly  with  it,  to  give  us  an  answ^er  to  it  as 
favorable  as  the  complaint  of  it  is  reasonable,  and  full  of 
justice. 

"  Nevertheless  I  pray  God,  Sire,  That  he  may  give  your 
Majesty  a  very  long  and  very  happy  life. 

"  Your  very  humble  Servant, 

"  H.  De  Montmorency. 

"  At  Fontainebleau  the  xxviij  of  October.  1613." 

Indorsed :  To  the  King  of  Great  Britain  :  "  A  letter 
from  the  Admiral  of  France  to  his  Majestic  concerning 
Samuel  Argall,"  etc. 

CCXCII.     CHAMBERLAIN  TO  CARLETON. 

...  "I  have  heard  underhand  that  Sig'  Fabritio  [Sir 
Henry  Wotton]  is  like  to  be  sent  into  Spaine  about  some 
match,  which  I  beleve  the  rather  for  that  the  Spanish 
Ambassador  hath  ben  heard  to  say  that  he  marvailes  we 
shold  tre:it  or  incline  to  Savoy  or  Fraunce,  wheras  his  mas- 
ter is  able  to  part  with  more  then  they  both.     Yesterday 


666  PERIOD   III.     NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

here  arrived  an  ambassador  from  the  new  elected  emperor 
of  Moscovie,  he  had  a  peale  of  ordinance  at  his  landing  at 
towre-wharfe,  and  was  receved  bj  a  100  citizens  on  hors- 
baek  in  velvet  coates  and  chaines  of  gold  and  most  of  the 
Aldermen  in  scarlet,  with  about  twenty  coaches  furnished 
with  courtiers  and  gallants :  The  Spanish,  the  Archdukes 
and  Savoy  ambassadors  stoode  in  windowes  not  far  asunder 
to  see  him  passe.  .  .  .  Our  Companie  of  Moscovie  have  for 
these  three  or  foure  yeares  found  out  a  new  and  rich  trade 
of  fishing  for  the  whale,  about  green-land  or  certain  ylands 
there  along,  which  yeelds  above  cento  pro  cento,  with  a 
short  return  and  small  charge,  they  in  joyed  yt  quietly  till 
this  yeare  that  both  Hollanders,  French-men  and  Spaniards 
wold  have  come  in  for  a  share,  but  our  men  having  some 
inckling  of  yt  went  well  appointed  with  seven  goode  ships 
and  so  put  them  by,  and  sent  them  away,  wlierat  there  is 
much  murmuring  and  complaint  specially  by  the  Holland- 
ers, who  have  sent  certain  deputies  hither  about  yt,  but  our 
men  pretend  possession,  and  mean  to  maintain  yt,  though 
peradventure  yt  will  come  to  blowes  :  this  yeare  they  killed 
almost  fowre-score  whales,  and  almost  ten  times  as  many 
morses  or  seahorses,  whose  oyle,  finnes  and  teeth  are  a 
great  commoditie. 

"  From  the  Bermudas  or  Sommer  ylands  there  hath  come 
great  store  of  amber-greece  this  yeare,  which  is  the  only 
commoditie  they  have  thence  as  yet,  but  they  hope  for 
more  hereafter  of  many  kindes  though  nothing  so  rich,  and 
begin  to  nestle  and  plant  there  very  handsomely :  wher- 
with  the  Spaniard  is  nothing  pleased  but  threatens  the  next 
yeare  to  remove  them,  which  advertisement  they  have  by 
goode  meanes  and  many  wayes,  but  they  seeme  nothing 
dismayed  therewith  trusting  rather  to  the  difficultie  of 
accesse,  then  to  any  other  strength  of  theyre  owne :  the 
greatest  peece  of  amber  in  one  lumpe  that  hath  ben  heard 
of  was  found  there  this  yeare,  beeing  as  bigge  as  the  body 
of  a  giant  and  aunswerable  or  resembling  almost  in  all 
points  saving  for  the  want  of  the  head  and  one  arme  :  but 


CHAMBERLAIN   TO   CARLETON.  667 

they  handled  the  matter  so  foolishly  that  they  brake  yt  in 
peeces,  and  the  biggest  they  brought  home  was  not  above 
()S  ounces  :  which  sells  better  by  twelve  of  fifteen  shillings 
in  an  ounce  then  that  which  is  smaller.  Since  Michaelmas 
we  have  had  fowre  ships  come  from  the  east  Indies  well 
and  richly  laden,  and  though  they  have  ben  long  missing 
yet  this  return  doth  recompence  theyre  stay.  .  .  .  Ned  Blunt 
tells  me  he  hath  sent  you  Sir  Fra  :  Bacons  essais  and  other 
bookes,  which  I  was  willing  to  have  provided  according  as 
you  gave  order  in  one  of  your  former  letters.  There  went 
a  ship  away  in  my  absence,  which  I  coidd  not  heare  of  till 
yt  was  gon.  For  almanachs  I  will  send  you  one  in  a  letter 
so  soon  as  they  come  forth,  for  I  cannot  yet  meet  with  any 
better  conveyance.  So  with  all  due  remembrance  to  my 
Lady  I  commend  you  to  the  protection  of  the  Almighty. 
From  London  this  27""  of  October  1613. 
"  Your  Lordships  to  commaund 

"John  Chamberlain." 

Addressed  :  "  To  the  right  honorable  S""  Dudley  Carleton 
K*  L*^  Ambassador  for  his  Ma*'^  at  Venice." 

[Mem.  —  October  29.  The  Lord  Mayor's  pageant  "  The 
Triumphs  of  Truth  "  (the  triumph  of  England's  true  pol- 
icy?) was  emblematical  of  the  new  trades,  traffics  and  dis- 
coveries. 

October  30,  1613.  Digby  wrote  to  King  James  from 
Madrid :  "  Concerning  the  North-West  Passage  to  the 
East  Indies,  the  Spaniards  always  conceived  that  it  would 
never  prove  matter  of  any  consequence,  but  they  are  very 
glad  now  to  be  freed  of  this  care,  and  that  the  Spanish 
Ambassador  in  England  be  thanked  for  his  vigilancy 
therein."  This,  I  suppose,  is  based  on  Captain  Button's 
report.  He  returned  to  England  from  Hudson's  and  But- 
ton's Bay  early  in  the  autumn  of  1613 ;  but  the  exact  date 
of  his  arrival  is  not  known  to  me.] 


668  PERIOD   III.    NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

CCXCIII.     DIGBY  TO  CARLETON. 

Madrid,  Spain,  November  3,  1613.     Digbye  to  Carleton. 

Describes  his  interview  with  the  Spanish  Secretary  of 
State,  who  "  fell  soddainelie  into  a  very  great  complaint  of 
his  Majesties  proceeding  with  this  King,  that  hee  woulde 
(as  hee  sayd)  cause  so  great  an  Innovation  as  that  the 
Spaniards,  which  had  for  so  manie  yeares  fished  in  the 
Northerne-Seas  over  which  hitherto  no  Prince  had  chal- 
lenged any  particular  Dominion  shoulde  now  by  his  Maj- 
esties Subjects  bee  prohibited.  And  yet  that  his  Majestic 
would  give  permission  to  his  subjects  to  plante  &  inhabite 
in  Virginia,  and  the  Ilandes  of  ye  Bermudos  which  had  for 
manie  yeares  byne  esteemed  &  knowne  to  belong  unto 
the  Conquest  of  Castile,  for  that  hee  thought  yt  strange 
that  his  Majestic  should  att  the  same  tyme  suffer  his  people 
to  possesse  themselves  of  what  was  rightlie  the  King  of 
Spaynes  and  shoulde  forbidd  the  Spaniards  from  that  which 
they  had  long  used  &  to  which  hee  knewe  not  what  partic- 
ular clayme  his  majestic  coulde  pretend." 

Digbye's  reply :  "  I  told  him,  that  first  I  conceaved  hee 
had  byne  misenformed,  that  the  Spaniards  had  divers  yeares 
used  to  theise  parts  now  spoken  of ;  which  had  byne  of  late 
discovered  &  the  Spaniards  were  never  there  untill  the  last 
Summer,  when  an  Englishman  lead  them  thither.  —  Second- 
he,  I  could  no  way  yeeld  unto  him  that  eyther  Virginia  or 
ye  Bermudos  were  .  .  .  parts  of  the  conquest  of  Castile  but 
that  the  .  .  .  selves  the  first  Possidents.  —  Soe  that  I  sup- 
posed what  is  sayd  of  the  Whale-fishing  was  to  bee  debated 
&  disputed  in  the  same  nature  the  Indies  were,  which  the 
Crown  of  Castile  without  controversie  discovered  and  pos- 
sessed. And  that  then  hee  would  see  that  his  Majestic 
onelie  followed  theire  owne  foote  steppes.  For  that  there 
were  att  the  present  divers  of  his  Majesties  subjects  in 
theire  Gaily  es  for  having  off  red  to  trade  to  the  Indies  beeing 
onlie  taken  in  the  way  thither.  And  that  I  conceaved  the 
same  reason   of  beeing  the  first  Possident  was  equallie   to 


LIMITS   OF  THE   SPANISH  POSSESSIONS.  669 

holde  in  both.  And  that  as  his  Majestie  had  followed 
theire  example  in  reserving  the  trade  of  his  discoveries  unto 
his  owne  subjects,  so  hee  would  willinglie  give  free  accesse 
unto  them,  when  they  should  hold  yt  litt  to  permitt  the  like 

unto  theirs And  that    for  the  Pope's    donation  it 

was  grown  to  be  so  lightly  esteemed,  that  it  was  almost 
left  to  be  alleadged  by  them." 

Digby  says  there  were  arguments  on  both  sides ;  and  that 
he  '  desired  the  Secretary  would  provide  against  the  English 
merchants  being  wronged  by  way  of  fact,  and  that  disputes 
as  to  title  might  be  decided  by  fair  courses  between  the  two 
kings.' 


CCXCiyi.   AND  CCXCIV2     LIMITS  OF  THE  SPANISH 
POSSESSIONS. 

These  papers  are  apparently  rough  notes  for  a  reply  to 
the  Spanish  claims  to  America.  They  are  from  the  Eng- 
lish State  Paper  Office.  —  Colonial  Papers,  vol.  i.  No.  32. 
They  are  filed  under  1613 ;  but  their  date  is  indicated  as 
questionable  thus,  "  1613  ?  "  They  were  written  after 
December,  1609,  and  I  am  mclined  to  think  before  1613 ; 
but  I  place  them  here  about  as  I  find  them  in  the  State  Paper 
Office.  The  name  of  the  author  is  not  given,  but  the  doc- 
uments were  evidently  written  either  by  the  Rev.  Richard 
Hakluyt,  or  with  his  assistance,  or  were  compiled  from  his 
works.  They  contain  many  of  his  ideas,  expressed  almost 
in  the  same  words  as  in  his  publications. 

CCXCIV^ 

"The  true  limites  of  all  the  countries  &  provinces  at 
this  present  actually  possessed  by  the  Spaniards  &  Portu- 
gales  in  the  West  Indias. 

"  All  that  parte  of  the  West  Indias  which  at  this  day  is 
inhabited  by  the  Spaniards  &  Portugales  is  almost  included 
within  the  two  Tropiques ;  excepting  the  two  small  townes 
of  Sant  Augustin  &  Santa  Helena  in  Florida  &  the  province 


(570  PERIOD   III.     NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1G14. 

of  Nuova  Biscaia  northward,  &  5  townes  in  the  river,  namely 
Buenos  Aeres,  Santo  Spirito,  Santa  Anna,  the  city  of  Ascen- 
sion, &  Santa  Fee  beyond  the  Southerne  tropique,  as  also  in 
the  Kingdome  of  Chili  upon  the  South  Sea,  the  townes  of 
Coquimbo,  Penco,  Angol,  Sant  Jago,  La  miperial.  Villa 
rica,  and  Villa  del  lago. 

"  I  doe  not  deny,  but  that  northward  &  southward  they 
have  discovered  much  farther  :  but  that  they  have  no  farther 
actual  possession  then  before  is  specified,  their  own  later 
histories,  ruttiers  &  Journals  which  We  have  to  shew,  & 
our  Englishmens  manifold  experience  do  assure  us. 

"  The  most  Northerly  provinces  of  Nueva  Espanna  within 
and  near  the  Tropique,  are  Nueva  Galicia  upon  the  South 
Sea  &  Guastecan  upon  the  bay  of  Mexico.  The  most  north- 
erly Spanish  towne  in  Culiacan  a  province  of  Nueva  Ga- 
licia is  S*  Michael  situate  in  24  degrees  of  North  latitude 
and  the  Northernmost  Spanish  townes  in  Guastecan  are 
Tampico,  Panuco,  Sant  Jago  de  las  Valles ;  as  evidently 
appeareth  by  the  8*^  &  9*^  mappes  seen  in  the  last  edition  of 
Ortelius  his  Theatrum  Orbis,  who  was  the  sworne  cosmog- 
rapher  of  the  King  of  Spaine. 

"  Southward  of  these  lyeth  the  Kingdome  of  Mexico  com- 
prehending in  it  the  provinces  of  Yucatan,  the  Honduras, 
Guatimala  &  Veragua  on  the  east  parte,  as  likewise  Mechu- 
acan,  Colima  &  Sacatula  on  the  west,  &  downe  more  south- 
erly the  provinces  of  Soconusco,  Chiapa,  Nicaragua  &  Costa 
ricas  besides  other  inf eriour  provinces ;  and  it  streatcheth  to 
the  townes  of  Panama  and  Nombre  de  dios  standing  both 
upon  the  Istmus  or  Neck-land  of  Darien. 

"  The  second  general  part  of  the  West  Indias  called  by  the 
Spaniards  Tierra  firma  beginneth  upon  the  North  Sea  at  the 
gulfe  of  Uraba  [Darien]  &  is  inhabited  eastward  by  the 
Spaniards  both  on  the  sea  coast,  &  within  the  land  as  far  as 
the  isle  of  Trinidad.  Their  principal  inland  townes  are 
Mompox,  Santa  Fee,  Caly,  Angerma,  Popaian,  Pasto,  Victo- 
ria, Carthago,  Timana,  Meriola,  Pamplon,  Tunxa,  Santa  Fe, 
Tocayma,  St  Jago  de   Leon,   &et.     Their  chief  townes  & 


GEORGE  MONTAIGNE 
Arrhhishof'  ol    I'.xl: 


LIMITS  OF  THE  SPANISH  POSSESSIONS.  671 

havens  on  the  sea-coast  are  Cartagena,  Santa  Marta,  Rio  de 
Hacha,  Coro,  Burburate,  Caracos,  Cumana,  wherunto  may 
be  added  the  isles  of  Margarita  &  Trinidad. 

"  From  the  isle  of  Trinidad  standing-  in  10  &  9  desfrees 
of  North  latitude  all  along  the  coast  to  the  Equinoctial  line, 
&  thence  forward  to  Paraiba,  Petiguaras,  &  Fernambuck 
situate  in  7.  &  8.  degrees  of  southerly  latitude,  to  the  space 
of  500  leags,  there  are  no  Christians  at  all  inhabiting,  as  we 
are  taught  by  our  owne  late  &  yearly  experience. 

"  From  Paraiba  in  7  degrees  of  latitude  southward,  the 
Portugales  doe  inhabite  upon  the  Coste  of  Brasill  the  townes 
of  Fernambuc,  Baija  de  todos  Santos  which  is  the  seat  of 
the  vizroy  &  bishop  of  Brasil,  the  towne  of  Baija  das  Ilhas, 
Porto  Seguro,  Baija  del  Spirito  Santo,  with  the  townes  of 
Santos  &  Sant  Vincente,  which  towne  of  Sant  Vincente 
standeth  in  24  degrees  of  south  latitude. 

"From  Sant  Vincente  to  the  streiohts  of  Maofellan  all 
along  the  sea-coast,  for  the  space  of  700  leags  ther  are  no 
Christian  inhabitants  :  onely  the  Spanniards  have  planted  5 
inland  townes  before  mentioned  upon  the  river  of  Plate. 

"  Within  the  streights  of  Magellan  they  have  not  anie 
towne  either  upon  the  North  or  South  shore.  And  as  for 
the  townes  of  Nombre  de  Jesus,  &  ciudad  del  Rey  Phil- 
ippe, they  have  bin  found  long  smce  by  M"^  Candish  in  both 
his  voiages  &  by  diverse  others  of  our  notion,  to  be  utterly 
ruined  and  dispeopled. 

"  Also  from  the  streig-hts  of  Magellan  to  the  Isle  of  Santa 
Maria  standing  within  the  South  Sea  in  37  degrees,  to  witt, 
for  the  space  of  300  leags  they  have  no  habitation  at  all. 

"  From  this  isle  to  the  Tropique  of  Capricorne  streatch- 
etli  the  lande  of  CliiH  containing;  the  7  townes  before  men- 
tioned. 

"  At  this  tropique  beginneth  the  province  of  Peru  which 
extendeth  between  the  sea-coast  &  the  mountaines  called 
Andes  somewhat  to  the  northward  of  the  Equinoctial.  And 
here  the  Spaniards  have  many  townes  &  cities  both  upon 
the  coast  &  also  within  the  country.     On  the  coast  they 


672  PERIOD   III.     NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

have  Arica,  Arequipa,  Pisca,  Lima,  the  seat  of  the  Vizroy 
containing  2000  housholds,  &  the  townes  of  Santos,  Tru- 
xillo,  Cherepe,  Paita,  &  the  isle  of  Puna.  The  chief  places 
of  the  inland  are  Potossi,  Charcas,  Cusco,  &  Quito. 

"  From  Quito  to  Panama  the  coast  lieth  in  a  manner 
desolate. 

"  These  before  mentioned  are  the  principal  provinces, 
cities  &  townes  actually  possessed  by  the  Spaniards  upon 
the  maine  of  America. 

"  The  chief  islands  that  they  possesse  as  parte  of  this 
new  World  are  St  Juan  de  Puerto  rico,  Hispaniola,  Cuba  & 
Jamaica.  As  for  the  great  multitude  of  those  other  small 
Isles  called  Las  Antillas  adjoining  to  these  4,  they  are  either 
utterly  desolate,  or  inhabited  by  a  few  Salvages. 

"  So  that  besides  all  those  huge  coasts  &  mighty  inlandes 
lying  southward  of  the  Tropique  of  Cancer,  which  hitherto 
are  quite  free  from  any  Spanish  government ;  all  those  large 
&  spatious  countries  on  the  East  parte  of  America  from  32 
to  72.  degrees  of  northerly  latitude,  have  not  nor  never  had 
any  one  Spanish  Colonic  planted  in  them ;  but  are  both  by 
right  of  first  discovery  performed  by  Sebastian  Cabota  at  the 
cost  of  King  Henry  the  7*^  &  also  of  later  actual  possession 
taken  in  the  behalfe  &  under  the  sovereign  authority  of  her 
Majesty,  by  the  several  deputies  of  Su'  Walter  Ralegh,  &  by 
the  two  English  Colonies  thither  deducted  (wherof  the  later 
is  yet  ther  remaining)  as  likewise  by  Sir  Humfry  Gilbert, 
Sir  Martin  Frobisher,  M'"  John  Davis,  &  others,  most  justly 
&  inseparably  belonging  to  the  Crowne  of  England.  Which 
countries  being  greater  then  all  Europe,  &  in  goodnes  of  soile 
nothing  inferiour  therunto,  are  by  no  meanes  by  us  to  be 
given  over  unto  them,  who  have  already  a  great  deal  more 
then  they  can  well  wield. 

"  Lastly  on  the  backside  or  west  of  America,  beyond 
Cape  Cahfornia,  from  24  degrees  of  Northerly  latitude  to 
43  degrees  (all  which  coast  Sir  Francis  Drake  in  his  voiage 
about  the  world  discovered  &  took  possession  tlierof  for  her 
Majestic  in  38  degrees,  calling  the  country  Nova  Albion) 


LIMITS   OF  THE   SPANISH   POSSESSIONS.  673 

they  have  not  one  foot  of  actual  possession,  much  lesse  more 
Northerly.  And  therfore  in  time  to  come  they  shall  have 
no  pretense  of  cavillation  against  a  Northwest  passage,  if 
it  should  please  God  to  lay  open  the  same. 


CCXCIV2. 

"  Whither  an  Englishman  may  trade  into  the  West  In- 
dies, with  certain  answers  to  the  Popes  Bull.^ 

"  First  it  is  to  be  understood  that  the  King  of  Spaines 
title  to  the  Indias  dependeth  upon  a  guift  or  bull  of  Pope 
Alexander  the  0"'  dated  1493.  Against  which  it  may  be 
said  that  the  Pope  had  no  authority  to  subject  temporally 
the  infidels,  or  to  take  away  their  landes  without  a  cause. 

"  Secondly  the  consent  of  the  pope  if  it  ever  ratified,  was 
only  conditional,  and  is  to   be  understood,  that   ^,    ^ 

,  "^  1  he  Story  of 

things  already  safe  should  be  kept.     And  the  very    Bartiioiome 
wordes  of  the  Bull  be  not  to  grant  a  conquest  or 
such  an  absolute  power,  but  a  meanes  to  converte  &  reduce 
them  to  Christianity;  although  the  usage  of  the  Spaniard 
hath  bin  otherwise,  &  so  the  grante  voide. 

"  Thirdli)  the  Bull  or  grante  is  to  be  understood  in  cases 
lawfull,  &  not  tending  to  the  prejudice  of  a  thirde  person. 

"  All  princes  &  estates  had  &  have  by  the  laws  of  nations 
the  right  of  navigation  in  the  sea,  &  the  right  of  traffique, 
which  the  Pope  by  the  fulnes  of  his  authority  cannot  take 
from  them  :  &  the  wordes  of  the  said  Bull  are  express 
that  the  Pope  did  not  intende  to  take  from  any  Christian 
Prince  such  rig-ht  as  he  had  obtained. 

"Fourthly  in  case  any  such  guift  or  inhibition  of  the 
Pope  were  lawfull,  &  the  right  were  soly  in  the  King  of 
Spaine,  as  he  pretendeth :  yet  wheras  after  the  date  of  the 
same  bull  his  auncesters  accorded  &  covenanted  with  the 
King  and  crowne  of  England,  that  the  subjects  on  both 

1  This  paper  is  indorsed  "  Certayne     tion,  with   reasons   why   the    English 
briefe  answeres  to  the  Bui  of  Dona-     may  trade  into  the  West  Indies." 


674  PERIOD   III.     NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

sides  might  freely  traffique  in  the  Kingdomes  &  dominions 
of  both  the  parties  contracting-,  ther  is  no  doubt  but  that 
Englishmen  may  lawfully  repaire  into  the  West  Indias  being 
parcel  of  the  dominions  for  trade  &  traffique  of  marchandise. 
For  the  wordes  of  the  treaties  with  King  Ferdinand  &  his 
wife  Queen  Isabell  of  Castile,  &  Hkewise  with  the  Emperor 
Charles  are  general  &  generally  to  be  understood.  And  as 
it  would  be  hardly  taken,  that  the  King  of  England  con- 
tracting of  free  traffique,  &  commerce  in  his  kmgdomes 
&  dominions,  should  (for  examples  sake)  inhibite  the  Span- 
iard to  come  into  Irland :  so  the  like  reason  is,  that  the 
King  of  Spaine  contracting  in  lili;e  sorte  should  permitt 
onely  a  traffique  in  Spaine  &  in  no  other  places. 

"  Seing  therfore,  that  the  Sea  &  trade  are  common  by 
the  lawe  of  nature  and  of  nations,  it  was  not  lawfull  for 
the  Pope,  nor,  is  it  lawfull  for  the  Spaniard  to  prohibite 
other  nations  from  the  communicatio  &  participatlo  of 
this  lawe. 

*'  And  if  they  do  prohibite  them  from  those  things  which 
are  allowed  by  the  lawe  of  nations,  that  is  from  marchan- 
dise, which  also  are  due  by  special  consideration,  every  man 
may  defend  himselfe  &  resist  violence  by  violence. 

"  And  therfore  the  Spanish  lawiers  themselves  have  con- 
cluded that  the  Venetians  cannot  inhibite  that  none  but 
themselves  shall  naviofate  and  trade  within  their  Gulfe  in 
the  Adriatick  Sea :  neither  can  the  Spaniards  or  Portugales 
make  any  such  prohibition  of  their  Indies,  to  prohibite  law- 
full  &  orderly  traffique  ;  which  right  appertameth  unto  all 
nations,  by  the  lawe  of  nations,  as  well  as  unto  them. 

"  Such  were  the  first  navigations  of  Sir  John  Hawkins, 
Sir  Francis  Drake,  and  others. 

"  And  considering  that  the  hostility  &  injuries  offered 
unto  them  traffiquing  peaceably  &  lawfully  (which  are  to 
be  sett  downe)  were  both  against  the  lawe  of  nations,  and 
also  special  treaties  between  both  nations ;  they  might  de- 
fend themselves,  &  lawfully  continue  traffique  with  the  In- 
dians both  subject  &  not  subject  to  the  King  of  Spaine. 


GONDOMAR  TO  PHILIP  III.  675 

"  And  SO  much  may  be  alleaged  for  the  excuse  of  Sir 
Francis  Drakes  first  voiaores  into  the  West  Indias. 

o 

"  For  the  maintenance  of  the  justice  of  his  two  last  voiages 
thither  with  some  of  her  Majesties  ships,  the  first  to  St 
Domingo  &  Cartagena  &  the  second  (in  which  he  died) 
to  Nombre  de  Dios  being  no  private  but  publique  actions, 
another  course  must  be  holden.  Viz :  of  injuries  &  hos- 
tihties  declared  by  the  open  actions  of  the  King  of  Spaine 
from  time  to  time  against  her  Majesty  &  her  realme,  &  this 
to  be  deducted  particularly  &  at  large. 

"  Besides  the  cruel  usage  of  her  Majesties  subjects  law- 
fully &  peaceably  traffiquing  into  Spaine,  without  offence, 
by  inquisicion  against  the  lawe  of  nations,  &  the  treaties. 
And  this  point  is  to  be  amplified  by  examples :  and  the  evil 
usage  of  her  subjects  traffiquing  unto  the  Indias. 

"  The  preparation  of  an  intended  conquest,  as  appeared 
afterwards  by  the  fleet  sent  under  the  charge  of  the  duke 
of  Medina  Sidonia,  &  such  like. 

"  FINIS." 


CCXCV.     GONDOMAR  TO  PHILIP  III. 

GENERAL  AliCHIVES  OF  SIMANCAS.    DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE, 
VOLUME  8590,   FOLIO  IS. 

Copy  of  an  original  letter  of  Don  Diego  Sarmiento  de 
Acufia  to  the  King  of  Spain,  dated  London,  November 
16,  1613. 

"  Sire  — 

"The  ship^  which  I  reported  to  Y.  M.  on  the  5th  ult : 
[September  25]  as  getting  ready  for  Virginia,  sailed  from 
here  on  the  24th  [October  14]  and  carried  the  supplies 
of  cloth  and  hnen,  which  Diego  de  Molino  asked  for,  and 
some  money  to  treat  himself  with.  I  hope  that  he  will  come 
to  this  country,  with  the  return  of  this  vessel,  which  from 
what  I  hear,  will  be  in  four  or  five  months. 

1  The  Elizabeth. 


676  PERIOD   III.     NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

"  May  God  protect  the  Catholic  person  of  Y.  M.  as  Chris- 
tendom needeth  so  much.     London,  November  16,  1613. 
"Don  Diego  Sarmiento  de  Acuna." 

[Mem.  —  In  November,  1613,  the  English  merchants 
went  "  roundly  to  work  and  in  less  than  a  fortnight  sub- 
scribed £400,000  [equal  to  about  $10,000,000  present  val- 
ues] to  be  employed  in  the  trade  to  East  India." 

In  1613,  Champlain  published  his  journals,  maps,  etc.,  of 
his  voyages  to  America  made  in  1601-1613.  This  work 
gives  the  result  of  his  surveys  along  the  coast  of  Massa- 
chusetts and  Maine,  made  in  the  summers  of  1604,  1605, 
and  1606.  Purchas  had  Champlain's  works,  and  gave 
translations  from  them.  Translations  have  also  been  pub- 
lished in  this  country  by  the  Prince  Society  of  Boston  in 
1878,  1880,  and  1882. 

"  The  Description  and  use  of  the  Sphsere  Devided  into 
three  principal  Partes :  .  .  .  By  Edward  Wright  .  .  .  Lon- 
don, Printed  for  John  Tap,  dwelling  at  S.  Magnus  corner. 
1613."  I  merely  call  attention  to  the  above  work  as  a 
sample  of  sundry  books  which  were  appearing  from  year 
to  year,  having  an  indirect  bearing  on  the  enterprises  of 
which  we  write.] 

CCXCVI.   ORDER  IN  THE  PRIVY  COUNCIL. 

From  London  "  Documents  relating  to  the  Colonial  His- 
torv  of  the  State  of  New  York,"  vol.  iii.  p.  1.  Albany, 
1853. 

Order  in  Council  respecting  certain  complaints  against 
Captain  Argall,  etc. 

"  At  the  Court  at  Whitehall  the  2.  of  January  1613. 
being  Sunday  before  noone. 

Present. 
[Geo.  Abbot]  Lo.  Archbp.  oi  Cant.  [Wm.]  E.  of  Pembroke. 
[Thos.  Egerton]  Lo.  Chancellor.       [Edwd.]  Lo.  Zouche. 


EDMONDES   TO   JAMES  I.  677 

[Robt.  Carr]  Lo.  Privie  Seale.  [Wm.]  Lo.  Knollis. 

[Tlios.  Howard]  Lo.  Chamberlaine.  [John]  Lo.  Stanhope. 
[Edwd.  Somerset]  E.  of  Worcester.  S""  Jul :  Caesar. 
[Sir  Edwd.  Coke]  Lo.  Chiefe  Justice." 

This  council  sent  the  following  letter  to  Sir  Thomas 
Smythe  :  — 

"  We  have  latelie  received  divers  Complaints -exhibited  by 
the  French  Ambassador  on  the  behalfe  of  certaine  French- 
men of  Rochelle,  St.  John  de  Luz,  and  others,  some  of 
them  concerninge  outrages  committed  upon  them  (as  is 
alleged)  on  the  coast  of  Canada  by  Captain  Argall  em- 
ployed for  Virginia,  others  on  their  fishing  voyage  towards 
Greenlands  by  one  Captain  Benjamin  Joseph,  who  com- 
manding a  ship  of  the  Moscovie  Companie  this  last  summer, 
found  some  of  those  Frenchmen  in  those  parts  and  tooke 
from  them  a  great  quantitie  of  Traine  and  whalebones, 
wherewith  they  had  laden  their  shipp,  and  sent  them  away 
emptie,  as  appeareth  by  the  memorialls  presented  by  the 
French  Ambassador,  which  we  send  you  here  withall. 

"  Forasmuche  as  it  will  be  expected  that  His  Majestie 
should  forthwith  o"ive  some  satisfaction  to  the  said  Ambas- 
sador,  touchinge  both  complaints  we  have  thought  good 
first  to  require  you  to  acquainte  some  of  the  Councell  of 
Virginia  herewithall,  as  also  some  of  the  Moscovie  Com- 
panie so  far  as  it  concernes  eyther  of  them  respectively  and 
to  returne  us  their  severall  and  particular  answers  unto 
eache  of  them  with  all  expedition,  that  the  ambassador, 
may  likewise  receive  his  answer  from  his  Majestie  or  his 
Boord."   .  .   . 

CCXCVII.   EDMONDES  TO  JAMES   I. 

Sir  Thomas  Edmondes  to  King  James.  Paris,  France 
January  2,  I6I4. 

"  Sire. 

..."  Finding  Mons'  de  Villeroy,  that  tyme,  in  a  better 
moode,  then  when  I  formerly  debated  these  matters  with 
him,  I  made  it  appeare  unto  him  by  manie  instances,  that 


678  PERIOD   III.     NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

the  interest  which  they  (the  French)  pretended  to  have  in 
the  discoveries  which  we  had  made  with  great  perill  and 
charge  (concerning  the  which  he  had  before  spoken  to  me 
much  out  of  square)  was  contrarie  to  the  received  custome 
and  practise  of  all  nations,  wherewith  he  was  so  well  satis- 
fied, as  he  said,  that  he  would  no  more  dispute  that  matter 
with  me."  .  •.  . 


CCXCVIII.   THE  MASK  OF  FLOWERS. 

January  6,  1614.  "  The  Maske  of  Flowers,  presented 
by  the  Gentlemen  of  Graies-Inne,  at  the  Court  of  White 
Hall  at  the  Banquetting  House,  upon  Twelfe-Night  1613. 
Being  the  last  of  the  Solemnities  and  Magnificences  which 
were  performed  at  the  marriage  of  the  Earle  of  Somerset 
and  Lady  Frances,  daughter  of  the  Earl  of  Suffolke.  Lon- 
don.    Printed  by  N.  0.  for  Robert  Wilson  .  .  .  1614." 

This  mask  was  prepared  by  Sir  Francis  Bacon.  In  it 
Florida  Indians  and  tobacco  are  made  to  play  important 
parts.  There  is  a  colloquy  between  Silenus  (in  praise  of 
wine),  and  Kawasha,  the  god  of  the  Florida  Indians  (in 
praise  of  tobacco) :  — 

"  Silenus.  Kawasha  comes  in  majestie, 

Was  never  such  a  God  as  he: 

He  's  come  from  a  farre  countrie 

To  make  our  nose  a  chimney. 
Kawasha.  The  Wine  takes  the  contrary  way 

To  get  into  the  hood, 

But  good  Tobacco  makes  no  stay 

But  seizeth  where  it  should. 

More  incense  hath  burned  at 

Great  Kawashae's  foote 

Than  to  Silen  and  Bacchus  both, 

And  take  in  Jove  to  boote. 
Silemts.  The  Worthies  they  were  nine,  't  is  true, 

And  lately  Arthurs'  knights  I  knew, 

But  now  are  come  up  Worthies  new. 

The  roaring  boys,  Kawashae's  crew. 
Kawasha.  Silenus  toppes  the  barrel,  but 


ORDER  IN  THE  PRIVY   COUNCIL.  679 

Tobacco  toppes  the   braine, 

And  makes  the  vapours  fire  and  soote, 

That  man  revives  againe  — 

Nothing  but  fumigation 

Doth  charm  away  ill  spirites, 

Kawasha  and  his  nation 

Found  out  these  holy  rites." 


CCXCIX.   ORDER  IN   THE   PRIVY   COUNCIL. 

From  London  "  Documents  relating  to  the  Colonial  His- 
tory of  the  State  of  New  York,"  vol.  iii.  p.  2.  Albany, 
1853. 

"At  the  Court,  Whitehall  the  23.  of  January  1613. 
being  Sonday  afternoone. 

Present. 

Lo.  Arehb.  of  Cant.  Lo.  Knollys. 

Lo.  Chancellor.  [Thos.]  Lo.  Wotton. 

Lo.  Pr.  Seale.  Lo.  Stanhope. 

Lo.  Chamberlaine.  S""  Jul :  Caesar. 

"  The  answer  of  the  Lords  of  His  Majesties  unto  the  com- 
pleynts  exhibited  by  the  Lord  Embassador  of  France  touch- 
inge  spoyles  and  other  violences  supposed  to  be  committed 
by  His  Majesties  subjects  of  Great  Brittaine  upon  the  sub- 
jects of  France  on  the  Coast  of  Greeneland  and  Cannada. 
.  .  .  [The  part  relating  to  Greenland  is  omitted.]  For  the 
matter  of  Cannada,  their  Lordships  having  required  The 
Treasurer  and  Councell  of  Virginia,  whom  it  concernes,  to 
make  answer  thereunto,  they  say,  that  since  the  month  of 
June,  they  have  not  received  any  shipp  or  advice  from  Vir- 
ginia, whereby  they  cannot  be  informed  of  any  such  misde- 
meanors, but  upon  Captain  Argall's  returne,  which  they 
expect  about  the  beginning  of  the  Spring,  or  upon  any 
other  notice  of  the  fact,  (whereof  they  will  seeke  to  be 
niformed  by  all  the  means  they  may,)  they  will  certifie  their 
Lordships,  whereupon  such  course  shall  be  taken  for  resti- 
tution and  punishment  of  the  ojffenders  as  shall  be  to  the 


680  PERIOD  III.    NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

good  satisfaction  of  the  sayd  Lord  Embassador,  and  the 
parties  interested." 

[Mem.  —  Court  minutes,  East  India  Company.  February 
26,  1614.  '*  Permission  to  Sir  Thomas  Dale,  now  employed 
in  Vu'ginia,  to  adventure  £100.  in  the  joint  stock,  at  the 
request  of  Sir  Wm.  Throgmorton."  March  3.  "  Lent  two 
culverins  to  The  Virginia  Company." 

In  March  the  States  General  grant  the  Dutch  charters, 
for  making  discoveries,  trading,  etc.,  in  America. 

Captain  Marmaduke  Roydon,  Captain  George  Langam, 
Master  John  Buley,  and  Master  William  Skelton  sent  two 
ships  from  London,  under  Master  Thomas  Hunt  and  Cap- 
tain John  Smith,  for  our  New  England  coast.  They  went 
from  the  Downes  the  third  of  March,  1614,  "  Set  out  by 
certaine  Merchants  for  the  love  of  gaine." 

The  Somers  Islands  Company  sent  out  about  this  time 
for  the  Bermudas,  the  Blessing,  the  Starr,  the  Margaret, 
and  two  pinnaces,  the  Thomas  and  the  Edwin.] 

CCC.     GONDOMAR  TO  PHILIP  III. 

GENERAL  ARCHIVES  OF  SIMANCAS.     DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE, 
VOLUME  S592,   FOLIO  U- 

Copy  of  an  original  letter  of  Don  Diego  Sarmiento  de 
Acuna  to  the  King  of  Spain,  dated  London,  March  17, 
1614. 

"  Sire. 
"  Since  I  have  come  here  I  have  continued  reporting  to 
Y.  M.  about  the  condition  of  the  Colonies  of  Virginia  and 
Bermuda,  as  far  as  I  have  heard.  About  Virginia  they 
tell  me  that  a  resolution  has  been  passed  to  abandon  that 
colony,  and  carry  the  people  to  Bermuda ;  because  Virginia 
does  not  in  any  way  answer  to  what  had  been  expected, 
and  is  on  the  contrary  very  expensive  to  the  company  here, 
which  sustains  it,  and  the  King  gives  nothing  but  Patents 
and   Titles  towards   the   establishment  of   these  Colonies. 


SIR   HENRY  NEVILLE 


GONDOMAR  TO  PHILIP  III.  681 

The  members  of  the  Virginia  Company  have  now  asked 
permission  from  the  King  and  the  Council,  to  mthdraw  the 
people  from  there  this  Spring,  before  the  few  siu'vivors 
should  die.  Tliis  permission  has  not  been  granted,  (has 
been  refused)  with  the  suggestion  that  it  was  well  to  pre- 
serve that  place,  altho'  it  be  good  for  nothing  more  than  to 
kill  people  and  to  afford  an  outlet  to  them  from  here ; 
since  in  this  Kingdom  here,  they  grow  and  multiply  so  as 
to  be  innumerable.  Thus  they  have  gone  back  and  tried  a 
kind  of  fortune,  which  here  they  call  a  Lottery,  to  succor 
and  maintain  that  colony  of  Virginia,  which  as  Y.  M.  no 
doubt  has  heard  had  its  beginning  more  than  twenty  years 
ago.  He  who  first  brought  the  English  here  was  Captain 
*  Don  Guater  Rale '  [Sir  Walter  Raleigh]  a  great  favorite 
of  the  Queen  Elizabeth,  and  for  her  sake  he  called  it  Vir- 
ginia. We  expect  Don  Diego  de  Molina  very  shortly  here 
and  he  will  surely  tell  us  what  there  is  in  all  this ;  but  some 
of  the  Eno^lish  themselves  who  have  been  over  there  have 
spoken  to  me  about  it  exactly  as  I  have  informed  Y.  M. 

"  It  is  three  years  since  the  English  have  had  a  footing 
in  Bermuda,  by  the  accidental  loss  of  a  ship  on  that  coast. 
It  was  coming  from  Virginia ;  the  Captain  was  called  '  Neo- 
porte,'  a  famous  sailor ;  with  a  part  of  the  timber  and  the 
rigging  of  the  wrecked  ship  they  built  themselves  on  the 
island  of  Bermuda  another  small  vessel,  and  in  this  ship 
building  and  in  well  reconnoitreing  the  country  they  spent 
ten  months.  Here  they  say  that  of  old  that  Country  was 
called  the  Land  of  the  Devils  on  account  of  the  danofers  of 
the  Sea,  the  coast  and  the  harbour ;  but  now  this  Colony 
appears  with  great  power,  and  here  they  speak  of  it  with 
great  consideration.  A  company  has  already  been  formed 
of  [if'giro'url  of  this  city,  for  its  benefit,  which  counts,  I  am 
told,  more  than  four  hundred  Members,  and  among  them 
the  Earl  of  Pembroke  of  the  Council  of  State,  the  Earl  of 
Southampton,  Count  Montgomery,  Baron  Walden,  eldest 
son  of  the  Earl  of  Suffolk  and  other  great  lords  and 
knights ;  but  the  majority  are  merchants,  and  great  hopes 


682  PERIOD  III.    NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

are  entertained  from  this  discovery,  i£  the  peace  with  Spain 
should  ever  be  broken.  The  people  that  were  there  last 
year,  were  one  hundred  persons  men  and  women.  There 
will  probably  leave  here  three  hundred  persons,  two  hun- 
dred and  fifty  men,  and  a  few  women,  most  of  them  lost 
people,  or  put  in  jail  as  vagabonds,  and  thus  now  they  send 
them  out  to  help  in  Bermuda.  These  people  go  out  in  a 
ship  and  in  two  pinnaces ;  the  ship  is  called  '  The  Star,'  of 
two  hundred  and  sixty  tons,  carries  twenty-four  pieces  of 
artillery.  The  pinnaces  are  of  20  tons  each  and  in  each  of 
them  go  some  twenty  five  men  ;  they  also  carry  some  very 
small  little  pieces  of  artillery.  They  also  send  out  in  this 
ship  some  engineers  and  skilled  workmen,  who  know  how 
to  throw  up  fortifications  (earth-works),  with  some  elderly 
men  to  be  put  in  charge  of  these  ships  and  to  govern  on 
shore,  with  a  list,  and  the  rank  of  those  who  are,  each  one 
to  succeed  others,  precisely  as  if  they  were  dying  men  and 
failing ;  because  he  who  has  so  far  been  the  Head  of  the 
English  in  Bermuda,  is  Master  *  Mun  '  [Moor]  a  carpenter. 
They  go  to  this  place  with  the  intention  of  well  fortifying 
that  post  and  to  keep  putting  into  it  up  to  a  thousand 
Englishmen,  and  thus  they  propose  very  shortly  to  send 
another  ship  there,  which  is  called  '  Mateo '  of  two  hun- 
dred and  fifty  tons,  with  twenty  two  pieces  of  artillery  and 
carrying  out  a  hundred  settlers.  They  say  that  there  is 
but  one  single  channel  by  which  you  can  enter  the  port, 
that  this  channel  is  one  '  mile  '  long  in  passing,  which  is 
the  third  part  of  a  league.  They  go  to  the  entrance  of 
this  channel  intending  to  erect  a  fort  on  each  side,  and  to 
furnish  them  with  much  artillery.  They  have  destroyed 
and  shut  up  every  other  landing  place  in  the  whole  island, 
so  that  in  no  part  of  it  a  vessel  can  come  to  the  shore, 
unless  it  be  thro'  this  one  channel,  the  entrance  of  which  is 
on  the  Northside,  or  on  the  other  side,  almost  directly  oppo- 
site of  it  towards  the  South,  which  they  have  not  been  able  to 
close  entirely.  Nor  do  they  trouble  themselves  much  about 
this,  because,  they  say  that  no  large  ship  can  approach  it. 


GONDOMAR  TO   PHILIP  III.  683 

but  only  launches  and  small  boats.  It  is  for  this  pui-pose 
that  they  carry  the  two  pinnaces,  because  it  seems  to  them 
that  they  will  be  sufficient  to  prevent  any  one  from  entering 
that  Road  and  little  harboiu-.  Those  who  are  now  going 
out  carry  with  them  power  and  authority  to  distribute  lands 
as  heulooms  to  private  Englishmen,  as  it  may  appear  best 
to  them  in  order  that  they  may  work  them  and  reap  the 
benefit,  as  if  they  were  their  own.  They  find  in  this  island 
of  Bermuda  such  a  number  of  pigs  that  they  need  not 
much  meat ;  there  is  also  a  great  abundance  of  birds  and 
fishes  there.  The  principal  hope  of  profit  which  they  cher- 
ish of  this  Colony  is  in  the  amber,  which  has  been  found  in 
abundance,  and  in  Pearls  likewise,  because  in  a  very  shallow 
water  and  without  its  being  necessary  to  ^l^-^^  they  have 
already  found  a  large  number,  and  have  brought  some 
home  with  them,  wdiich  have  been  sold  at  forty  reales  each 
pearl ;  while  they  hope  in  deeper  water  they  will  find  more 
of  them  and  larger  ones.  For  this  purpose  they  take  out 
with  them  some  famous  divers,  and  as  they  have  also  been 
told,  that  it  was  on  this  coast  Don  Luis  de  Cordoba  was 
lost  with  the  four  silver-Galleons,  they  go  with  the  inten- 
tion of  making  these  swimmers  and  divers  search  carefully, 
if  they  may  discover  some  of  these  ships,  which  they  pre- 
sume must  hold  great  treasures.  In  pursuing  the  pearl 
fishery  within  the  sea  they  meet  on  the  coast  of  Bermuda 
with  one  great  difficulty  which  has  prevented  them  so  far 
from  fishing  except  on  the  coast,  and  this  is  a  great  quan- 
tity of  certain  fishes  larger  than  dogs,  which  it  is  said  the 
Enghsh  call  from  their  form  '  Jarques '  [sharks]  and  the 
latter  say  that  they  attack  and  at  once,  dispatch  any  man. 
The  Enghsh,  how^ever,  are  also  full  of  hope,  to  catch  them 
and  clear  the  coast  of  them.  This  Company  continues  to 
possess  much  property  and  thus  that  Colony  will  be  liber- 
ally assisted  and  helped  with  everything  that  may  be  neces- 
sary. 

"  They  tell  me  that  the  Embassador  of  this  king  here,  at 
your  Court,  has  written  to  him  that  Y.  M.  w^as  bent  upon 


684  PERIOD  III.    NOVEMBER,   1609-JULY,  1614. 

destroying  this  Colony  of  the  English  and  to  drive  them 
out  of  Bermuda.  Now  Count  Somerset  has  also  thus 
informed  the  members  of  the  Bermuda-Company,  in  order 
that  in  conformity  with  this  they  may  arrange  matters,  pre- 
pare all  that  may  be  necessary  and  send  succour  promj)tly. 
It  is  this  which  makes  this  vessel  sail  now  with  the  two 
pinnaces,  and  the  other  ship  will  also  sail  very  shortly.  All 
the  Members  of  this  Company,  therefore,  tell  me,  that  they 
are  filled  with  anxiety,  especially  as  they  have  also  been 
told  that  there  are  several  English  pilots  in  the  navy  of  Y. 
M.,  who  know  that  coast  perfectly  well,  as  also  the  harbour, 
having  been  there  themselves ;  on  this  account  it  is  that, 
altho'  they  had  given  orders  to  these  ships  who  are  now 
carrying  these  people  over  there,  after  having  landed  them 
in  Bermuda,  to  go  and  catch  codfish  at  Newfoundland ; 
they  have  now,  after  this  warning,  changed  their  plan  and 
ordered  those  sliips  to  lie  by  and  assist  in  guarding  the 
island. 

"  Y.  M.  will  see  from  all  these  statements  what  may  be 
most  important  to  be  done  for  His  Royal  service,  and  if  it 
should  be  necessary  for  me  here  to  take  any  special  meas- 
ures, Y.  M.  will  be  pleased  to  command  me. 

"  May  God  protect  the  Catholic  person  of  Y.  M.  etc. 

"London  March  17.  1614. 

"  Don  Diego  Sarmiento  de  Acuna." 

[Mem.  —  Entered  at  Stationers'  Hall,  March  9,  1614,  by 
Felix  Kinsrston  —  under  the  handes  of  Sir  Thomas  Smitlie 
and  M"^  Warden  Feild.  "  A  declaration  of  the  present  estate 
of  the  English  in  Virginia,  with  the  final  resolucon  of  the 
Great  Lotterye  intended  for  their  supply." 

Copies  of  this  publication  seem  to  have  been  sent  to 
all  the  city  companies  of  London  ;  and  it  has  been  said 
that  none  can  now  be  found ;  but  I  am  convinced  that 
CCCXLH.  was  a  later  issue  of  the  same  publication.  The 
reference  in  CCCXLI.  is  certainly  to  CCCXLIL,  and  the 
reference  in  CCCI.  is  certainly  to  this  publication,  and  I 


PRIVY  COUNCIL  TO  CITY  COMPANIES.  685 

am  sure  that  both  references  are  to  the  same  publication. 
See,  also,  the  remarks  on  CCCXLII.  and  that  number 
itself.  The  following  letter  was  sent  with  this  Declara- 
tion (of  March  9,  1G14),  to  the  several  city  companies  of 
London.] 

CCCI.     PRIVY  COUNCIL  TO  CITY'  COMPANIES. 

"  To  Our  very  loving  frindes  the  Master  Wardens  and  As- 
sistants of  the  Company  of  .   .   . 

"  After  our  harty  commendations,  wee  send  you  herewith 
a  true  declaration  of  the  present  estate  of  the  English  Colony 
planted  in  Virginia  together  with  a  project  by  help  of  a 
lottery  to  bring  at  length  that  work  to  the  successe  desired. 
Wee  shall  not  need  to  commend  unto  you  that  worthy  and 
Christian  enterprize  full  of  honour  and  profitt  to  His  Majes- 
tic and  the  whole  realme,  yf  the  endes  in  the  sayd  declara- 
tion expressed  may  in  processe  of  tyme  be  attained  unto, 
whereof  the  hopes  (as  you  may  perceave)  nowe  are  great 
for  advancing  and  bringing  whereof  to  some  good  perfec- 
tion, we  hartily  pray  you  to  employ  your  good  endeavours 
amongst  the  Brethren  of  your  Company  to  adventure  in  the 
sayd  Lottery  destined  to  soe  good  a  purpose  such  reason- 
able sumes  of  money  as  each  of  them  may  conveniently  and 
can  willingly  spare,  nothing  doubting  but  that  excited  by 
your  good  example  and  persuasion  they  will  shew  them- 
selves forward  to  adventure  in  soe  faire  a  Lottery  wherein 
hapily  they  may  be  gainers,  and  what  soever  any  shall  loose 
shall  be  bestowed  on  soe  good  a  worke  and  so  behovef ull  to 
the  w^liole  realme. 

"  You  shall  alsoe  receave  herewith  from  the  Treasurer  and 
Councell  of  Virginia  such  Bookes  as  are  requisite  for  the 
registring  of  the  sayd  sumes  adventured  which  we  pray  you 
with  as  much  expedition  as  may  be  (in  regarde  of  their 
present  wants  to  sett  forth  a  shippe  thither  this  Springe)  to 
return  with  the  money  gathered  to  the  sayd  Treasurer,  from 
whom  wee  will  take  notice  of  your  proceedings  herein  that 


686  PERIOD   III.     NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

we  may  accordingly  give  you  deferred  thanks  for  the  same. 
And  so  we  bid  you  hartily  farewell. 

"  From  the  Court  of  Whitehall  this  first  of  April  1614. 
"  Your  loving  friends. 
G.  Cant,  Exeter, 

Lenox,  Pembroke, 

T.    SUFFOLKE.  W.    KnOLLYS, 

E.  Worcester.  J.  Stanhope. 

Jul.   C^sar." 

[Mem.  —  "Chamberlain  to  Carleton,  London,  7.  April, 
1614.  ...  On  Tuesday  the  5"'  of  this  present,  the  King, 
Prince  and  Lords,  rode  in  their  robes  to  the  Parliament 
.  .  .  The  King  made  a  long  and  excellent  speech,  consist- 
ing of  three  principal  parts  wherein  all  his  care  lay  —  to 
continue  to  his  subjects  bona  animi,  hona  corporis,  et  bona 
fortimce,  by  maintaining  religion,  preserving  of  peace,  and 
seeking  their  prosperity,  by  increasing  of  trades  and  traf- 

ficsr 

In  the  spring  of  1614  Captain  William  Gibbons,  who  had 
been  with  Button  the  previous  year,  sailed  on  a  voyage  for 
the  discovery  of  the  northwest  passage ;  but  took  shelter  in 
"  Gibbons  his  hole  "  on  the  coast  of  Labrador,  and  returned 
to  England  in  the  autumn.] 

CCCII.     EXTRACT   FROM   GROCERS'   RECORDS. 

Court  of  Assistants  —  Grocers'  Company. 
"Curia  Assist:  die  veneris  scilt.     15.  die  Aprilis  1614 
anno  .  .  .  xij.  .  .  .  Jacobi  aug. 
"  Present :  — 

Sir  Thomas  Middleton  K*  Lo*^  Mayor. 
Sir  Robert  Napier  K''  &  Baronet. 
M"^  Nicholas   Stile   and   M'  George  Bolles,   Aldermen. 
W  Wm.  Dale,  M'  Tho"  Longston  and  M'  Tho^  Westrow. 
Wardens. 


EXTRACT  FROM  GROCERS'   RECORDS.  687 

M'  John  Newman,  M"^  Richard  Denman, 

"  Robert  Cox,  "  Humphrey  Walcott, 

"  Richard  Burrell,  "  Richard  Aldworth, 

"  Anthony  Soday,  "  Edmond  Westall, 

"  Robert  Bowyer,  "  W"  Pennyfather, 

"  Roger  Gwyn,  "  Laurence  Grene, 

"  Richard  Bourne,  "  Danyel  Wynche, 

"  Thomas  Moulson,  "  Humfrey  Robinson, 

"  Robert  Johnson,  "  Robert  Mildmay. 
"  Wm.  Barrett, 

"  This  day  alsoe  were  read  openly  to  the  generallitye  of 
the  Company  here  assembled  the  letters  of  the  right  Hon- 
om-able  the  lordes  and  others  [CCCI.]  of  his  Majesties  most 
Honourable  privy  Counsaile  directed  to  M"^  Wardens  for 
adventures  in  Lottery  by  the  several  Brothers  of  this  Com- 
pany for  supporting  the  plantation  in  Vh^ginia  which  letters 
are  dated  primo  ApriHs  1614.  The  tenour  whereof  ensueth 
in  these  wordes  viz*.     [See  CCCL] 

"  Alsoe  was  then  publickly  read  to  the  whole  Assembly  a 
declaration  printed  of  the  present  estate  of  the  EngHsh 
Colony  planted  in  Virginia  with  a  finall  resolution  of  the 
great  Lottery  entended  for  their  supply  sett  forth  by  his 
Majesties  Councell  for  Virginia  [see  9th  March,  1614]. 
Together  with  a  Lottery  Booke  with  certen  directions  sent 
to  Mr.  Wardens  and  Assistants  of  this  Company  by  the 
Treasurer  and  Counsell  of  Virginia  for  Registring  the 
names  of  the  adventiu-ers  with  their  several  somes  of  money 
to  be  adventured  therein. 

"  And  thereupon  Mr.  Warden  Dale  with  many  forcible 
reasons  for  the  general  advancement  of  Christianity  and 
good  of  the  common-wealth  moved  and  persuaded  the  whole 
assembly  then  present  to  write  perticulerly  with  their  owne 
handes  how  much  every  of  them  would  willingly  sett-downe 
severally  to  adventure  in  the  sayd  Lottery  entended  to  soe 
good  a  purpose. 

^'Whereupon  it  then  pleased  the  Right  Honourable  Sir 


688  PERIOD    III.     NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

Thomas  Middleton,  K*  Lord  Mayor  of  this  city  and  many 
other  Brethren  of  this  Company  with  their  several  handes 
to  write  in  the  sayd  booke  ho  we  muehe  they  woulde  therein 
voluntary  adventure  as  by  the  sayd  booke  may  appear." 

[There  are  no  more  entries  in  minute  books  nor  war- 
dens' accounts  of  the  Virginia  Company  after  this.  The 
book  mentioned  is  not  now  among  the  muniments  of  the 
Grocers'  Company.  It  is  presumed  that  whatever  was  done 
after  this  was  by  Grocers  in  their  individual  and  not  in  their 
corporate  capacity.  The  Irish  plantation  is  mentioned  at 
nearly  every  court  for  some  years  following  this  date  as  a 
serious  business  of  the  company  as  a  body ;  not  so  the  Vir- 
ginia plantation.  —  J.  A.  Kingdon,  1885.] 

CCCIII.     THE   LORD  MAYOR  TO  CITY  COMPANIES. 

A  letter  from  Sir  Thomas  Middleton,  Lord  Mayor,  directed 
to  the  master  and  wardens  of  the  city  companies. 

"  After  my  hearty  Comendacons. 

"  These  are  to  lett  you  understand  that  I  am  required  by 
the  Lords  of  his  Majesties  most  honorable  privy  Counsell  to 
recommend  unto  your  care  the  effecting  of  their  Lordships 
desires  for  the  furtherance  of  the  Virginia  plantacon,  as  by 
their  Lordshipps  letters  [CCCL]  herewithall  sent  may  ap- 
peare. 

"  Wherefore  I  pray  and  require  you  forthAvith  to  call  a 
Courte  and  to  use  your  best  endeavours  to  accomplishe  their 
Lordshipps  pleasures  in  regard  it  is  for  soe  charitable  and 
Christian  a  worke,  and  by  wliich  meanes  wee  maybe  dis- 
burthened  of  many  idle  and  vagrant  persons  which  other- 
wise are,  and  wilbe  more  and  more,  chargeable,  dangerous, 
and  troublesome  unto  the  state. 

"  And  soe  I  bid  you  hartely  farwell.     xx*''  of  April,  1614. 

"  Your  Loving  ffreiud.  Tho  :  Midleton,  Maior." 


EXTRACT  FROM  COMMONS  JOURNAL.  689 

[Mem.  —  The  Elizabeth,  Captain  Adams,  which  sailed 
from  England  October  14,  1613  (see  CCXCV.),  taking  the 
first  potatoes  to  the  Bermudas,  reached  Virginia,  bringing 
silkworms,  etc.,  in  the  winter  of  1613-14.  She  sailed  from 
Virofiiiia  in  March  followino-  havins:  on  board  Sir  Thomas 
Gates,  the  Sieur  de  la  Motte,  etc. 

Gates  carried  to  Eno-land  the  official  accounts  of  "  Aro-all's 
Voyages  to  the  Northward,"  and  other  documents  now  un- 
known. He  certainly  reached  England  some  time  before 
the  12th  of  May,  and  I  am  inclined  to  think  before  the 
20th  of  April,  1614.  Howes  says :  "  This  yeere  1614.  Sir 
Th  :  Gates  came  from  Virginia  into  England,  using  his  best 
meanes  for  more  supplies  to  continue  theii-  plantation,  hav- 
ing left  behind  him  not  full  400.  men  of  all  that  were  sent 
thither,  over  whom  Sir  Th  :  Dale,  Knight,  a  valiant  souldier 
and  discreet  Governour  had  the  full  charge  and  rule."] 

CCCIV.    EXTRACT   FROM  COMMON'S  JOURNAL. 

The  Muscovy  Company  was  now  upon  the  question,  with 
Spain,  France,  and  Holland.  The  English-American  enter- 
prise was  "  between  two  fires,"  France  and  Spain.  The 
colony  was  in  jeopardy,  and  the  company  wished  to  yield 
up  their  patent,  and  have  the  colony  attached  more  directly 
to  the  crown.  Among  the  '"  Bills  to  be  drawn  by  liis  Maj- 
esties most  gracious  direction  for  the  good  and  comfort  of 
his  people  upon  certain  of  the  propositions  exhibited  to  his 
Majesty  [about  February,  161|],  and  to  be  offered  to  the 
[next]  Parliament,"  was  "  An  act  for  tho  better  plantation 
of  Virginia  and  supply  thereof."  —  See  Bacon's  "  Letters 
and  Life  by  Spedding,"  vol.  v.  p.  17. 

Mr.  Neill  in  his  "  Virginia  Company  of  London,"  pp.  67, 
68,  says :  "  Sir  Thomas  Smith,  a  member  of  the  House  of 
Commons,  in  a  debate  on  the  20th  of  April,  said  that 
if  he  as  the  Governor  of  the  Company  could  influence 
the  members,  the  patent  should  be  brought  in.  Sergeant 
Montague  declared  that  the    patent  was  against  law,  and 


690  PERIOD   III.     NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

a  member  by  the  name  of  Middleton  said,  '  That  the  Com- 
pany were  willing  to  yield  up  their  patent,  that  it  had 
not  been  their  intention  to  use  it  otherwise  than  for  the 
good  of  aU  parties,  and  confessed  that  there  had  been  some 
miscarriages.  The  shopkeepers  of  London  sent  over  all 
kinds  of  goods,  for  which  they  received  tobacco  mstead  of 
coin,  infinitely  to  the  prejudice  of  the  Commonwealth. 
Many  of  the  divines  now  smell  of  tobacco,  and  poor  men 
spend  4d.  of  their  day's  wages  at  night  in  smoke,  and  wished 
that  this  patent  may  be  damned,  and  an  act  of  Parliament 
passed  for  the  government  of  the  Colony  by  a  Company.' 

"  After  considerable  discussion  it  was  ordered  by  the 
House  of  Commons  that  the  patent  should  be  brought  the 
next  day." 

CCCV.  EXTRACT  FROM  MERCHANT  TAYLORS'  RECORDS. 

From  the  minutes  of  a  court  of  assistants  of  the  Merchant 
Taylors'  Company,  held  May  6,  1614. 

"  At  this  Courte  was  openly  read  a  letter  receaved  from 
the  Lords  of  his  Majesties  most  honorable  privy  Counsell, 
the  words  whereof  are  these,  viz  :      [See  CCCI.] 

"  Alsoe  another  letter  from  the  right  honorable  the  Lord 
Maior  directed  to  the  Master  and  Wardens  in  these  words, 
viz* :     [See  CCCIIL] 

"  Alsoe  a  paper  booke  under  the  hand  of  Sir  Thomas 
Smyth  Knight,  and  the  Virginia  Companyes  Scale,  for  such 
as  shalbe  disposed  to  make  any  Adventure  in  the  Lottery  to 
sett  their  hands  to  such  somes  of  money  as  they  purpose  to 
putt  into  the  Lottery. 

"  And  lastly  there  was  alsoe  presented  to  this  Courte  a 
true  declaration  in  print  of  the  present  estate  of  the  EngHsh 
Colony  planted  in  Virginia.      [See  March  9,  1614.] 

"  All  wliich  letters  and  printed  declaration  being  openly 
read  and  duely  considered  of  —  It  is  ordered  and  agreed  at 
this  Court  as  well  in  respect  of  the  Coun sells  letters,  as  in 
regard  of  the  future  good  that  may  come  thereby.     That 


SIR  JOHN  OGLE 


CHAMBERLAIN  TO  CARLETON.  691 

the  some  o£  ffifty  pounds  shalbe  putt  into  the  Lottery,  out 
of  the  stock  of  this  howse,  and  what  prizes  or  other  proffitt 
soever  may  growe  or  come  thereby  to  be  truely  aunswered 
agayne  to  the  use  of  the  howse,  Our  Master  to  pay  the  same, 
and  have  it  allowed  in  his  Accompt.  And  soe  many  of  the 
assistants  as  please  in  particular  to  make  any  adventure  in 
the  said  Lottery  to  sett  their  hands  and  somes  to  the  said 
booke.  And  after  the  assistants  have  done,  It  is  ordered 
that  our  Mr.  and  Wardens  shall  cause  the  whole  Livery  and 
all  of  the  Batchellers  Company  to  be  sommoned  unto  the 
Hall,  and  there  to  lett  them  understand,  what  the  Counsells 
pleasure  is,  and  what  hath  bin  done  by  the  assistants,  that 
as  many  as  have  any  desire  to  further,  this  worke  intended, 
may  sett  their  hands  and  somes  to  the  booke  before  men- 
tioned." 


CCCVI.     CHAMBERLAIN  TO  CARLETON. 

John  Chamberlain  to  the  right  honorable  Sir  Dudley  Carle- 
ton,  Knight,  Lord  Ambassador  for  his  Majestic  at 
Venice. 

..."  Sir  Thomas  Gates  is  come  from  Virginia  and  brings 
word  that  that  plantation  will  fall  to  the  ground  yf  yt  be 
not  presently  supplied.  He  speakes  of  wonderfull  commod- 
ities that  are  to  be  had  there,  yf  we  could  have  the  patience 
and  would  be  at  the  cost  to  bring  them  to  perfection.  .  .  . 
"  From  London  May  12"'  1614." 

There  was  so  much  diplomacy  in  the  management  of  the 
enterprise,  and  in  the  various  reports  given  out  —  so  many 
"  stratagems,"  as  Molina  calls  them,  —  that  it  is  really  im- 
possible to  know  exactly  how  much  reliance  to  place  in  the 
various  contemporary  letters,  reports,  publications,  etc. 


692  PERIOD  III.     NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

CCCVII.     EXTRACT  FROM   COMMONS  JOURNAL. 

Mr.  Neill  in  his  "  Vii-ginia  Company  of  London,"  on  p. 
6S,  gives  the  following.    [See  CCCIV.] 

"  On  the  12"'  of  May  the  Council  for  Virginia  presented 
a  petition  for  aid,  which  was  read,  and  the  next  Monday 
[16th],  at  nine  o'clock  in  the  morning,  was  designated  as  the 
time  to  hear  the  case  ;  but  on  the  16*''  M""  Brooke  moved 
that  the  Virginia  business  should  be  taken  up  the  next  day 
at  seven  o'clock. 

"  On  the  17**"  of  May  it  was  ordered  that  Lords  South- 
ampton, Sheffield,  and  others,  should  come  in  to  hear  the 
discussion  of  Virginia  affairs,  and  shall  sit  with  uncovered 
heads  until  otherwise  requested  by  the  Speaker.  It  was 
further  ordered  that  any  member  that  stood  in  the  entry 
should  pay  a  fine  of  12d.  to  the  Sergeant-at-arms,  and  that 
there  should  be  great  silence  while  the  Lords  were  present." 
[See  CCCVIIL] 


CCCVIII.     EXTRACT  FROM   COMMONS  JOURNAL. 
COMMONS  JOURNAL,    VOLUME  L     PAGES  4S7-4S9. 

I  give  CCCVIIL  ;  and  CCCIX.  as  they  are  in  the  Com- 
mons Journal,  in  "  the  short  hand  "  of  the  period,  without 
attempting  to  fill  them  out.  The  report  is  a  mere  outhne ; 
but  it  probably  affords  a  fair  idea  of  the  debate. 

"  Martis.     IT*''  Maii.  12.<^  Jacobi.  A.  1614.  .  .  . 

*'Mr.  Martyn  of  Counsel  with  the  Company  cometh  in 
before  the  Lords  —  The  Bar,  first  down  taken  up  at  the 
Lords  coming  in.  The  Lords  stood  bare,  till  after  M""  Mar- 
tyn had  begun.  Then  M''  Speaker  spake  to  him  to  stay ; 
And  then,  in  the  name  of  the  House,  spake  to  them,  signi- 
fying to  them  the  pleasure  of  the  House,  that  they  should 
sit  down,  and  be  covered. 

[Mr.  Martyn  continuing.]  "  Queen  Eliz.  of  ever-growing 
memory,  compared  by  the  King  to   Augustus.     That  the 


EXTRACT  FROM  COMMONS  JOURNAL.  693 

Lady  of  the  Seas,  whole  fleet  stooping  —  the  Reel  Cross 
ill  one  of  her  Ships.  The  discovery  by  her  subjects,  of  all 
the  Seas  about  the  Avorld. 

"  Amadis.  And  after,  Whyte,  Employed  by  Sir  W.  Ra- 
leighe,  in  those  Discoveries.  He  termed  a  subject  of  Envy, 
in  his  Greatness ;  now  a  Mirror  of  the  Vanity  of  all  Earthly 
thino's. 

"  This  Plantation  began  1606.  Religion.  Captain  New- 
port. Sir  Tho.  Gates.  Virginia,  a  Bridle  for  the  Neopoli- 
tane  Courser,  if  our  Youth  of  England  able  to  sit  him ;  for 
which  they  will  give  them  golden  spurs. 

"  L.  d'  la  Warre. 

"  That  now  a  settled  Plantation  :  all  things  necessary 
for  food. 

"  That  this  conquest  just.  The  Spanyards  course  in  the 
Indyes  —  Don  John  D'Aquyla  in  Ireland.  Our  usage  of 
the  Indyes  merciful  &  respective  —  That  this  country  never 
yet  felt  the  yoke  of  the  plow. 

"  1.  Objection,  that,  if  this  undertaken  by  this  House,  and 
King,  this  might  prove  to  a  War. 

"  Ans.  That  this  no  just  cause  of  offence.  The  name 
given  by  the  Queen.  The  Spanyards  defend  the  West  In- 
dyes ;  the  Por'.  the  East ;  the  French  the  River  of  .  .  . 
The  Hollander  their  forts  in  the  Moluccos. 

"  That  the  Spanyard,  by  our  Forces,  di'awn  to  that  ex- 
tremity, that  they  would  — 

"  That  this  city  hath  not  three  Armourers  — 

"  This  time  of  Relief  for  the  King:  — 

"  That  they  require,  is  but  a  few  honest  Labourers,  bur- 
thened  with  children. 

"  Moveth,  a  committee  may  consider  of  the  means  for  this, 
for  seven  years ;  at  which  some  of  then*  Company  may  be 
present. 

"  Columbus  his  offer  to  H.  VII.  neglected,  because  no  pre- 
ent  Profit. 

"  That  this  Country  giveth  Hope  of  all  those  commodities 
which  a  Southern  Country  can  promise."  .  .  . 


694  PERIOD  III.    NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

[Old  Fuller,  says  of  Martin,  "  He  is  eminent,  as  for 
many  speeches,  so  especially  for  that  he  made  in  parHa- 
ment  in  the  tenth  [twelfth  ?]  year  of  King  James,  when  ac- 
count was  taken  of  forty  gentlemen  in  the  house  which 
were  not  twenty,  and  some  of  them  not  sixteen,  years  of 
age.  *  Formerly,^  said  this  Recorder  Martyn,  ^  it  was  the 
custom  of  old  men  to  make  laws  for  young  ones ;  but  now 
nature  is  invaded  and  inverted,  seeing  young  men  enact  laws 
to  govern  their  fathers.'  "] 

When  Martin  concluded. 

"Sir  Roger  Owen.  [Moved.]  That  the  Treasurer  of 
Virginia,  and  those  that  be  of  that  Company,  shall  with- 
draw themselves,  'till  the  matter  be  debated. 

"  Mr,  Brooke^  contra  :  For,  if  a  Bill  here  that  concerneth 
Yorke,  he  not  to  be  withdrawn ;  for  that  it  concerneth  the 
Commonwealth. 

"  Mr.  Edw.  Montague :  That  the  Speech  of  Mr.  Martyn 
the  most  unfitting  that  ever  was  spoken  in  this  House." 

[Here  follows  a  debate  on  the  unfitness  of  Mr  Martyn's 
speech.] 

"  Sir  E.  Hohy  was  for  calling  him  to  the  bar. 

"Mr.  Dimcomhe  said  he  patronized  as  a  schoolmaster- 
teaching  his  scholars. 

"  Sir  R.  Phillips,  while  admitting  that  he  had  made  a 
great  mistake,  spoke  in  the  defensive. 

"  Sir  G.  Moore,  said  it  was  an  extraordinary  step  to  ad- 
mit counsel  in  the  House  upon  the  hearing  of  a  petition, 
and  that  the  speech  was  still  more  strange."   .   .  . 

It  was  finally. 

"  Ordered.  He  (Martyn)  shall  come  to  the  Bar  to-mor- 
row, standing  (not  kneeling). 

"  Mr.  Speaker  to  charge  him :  He  to  make  his  submis- 
sion." 


CCCIX.     EXTRACT  FROM   COMMONS  JOURNAL. 
"  Mercurii.  18°  Maii  12°  Jacobi.  ...  He  offered  to  kneel. 


EXTRACT  FROM  COMMOXS  JOURNAL.  695 

[Sir  Randolph  Crewe.]  "Mr  Speaker.  That  he  had 
done  himself  much  Right  in  the  Beginning.  Petition  of 
Viro'inia.  Order  for  the  Counsel.  That  he  then  for  Coun- 
sel  appeared,  with  divers  Lords.  That  at  first  prepared  to 
hear  him  with  all  Resj^ect  and  Love.  The  remembrances  of 
the  Plantation  well  accepted,  and  looked  upon  with  eyes  of 
our  love. 

"  That  after  unfortunately  digressed  to  matters  of  much 
weight,  impertinent.  That  took  upon  him  to  censure  some- 
things and  advise. 

"  That  the  House  took  this  for  a  great  Presumption,  and 
did  disdain  and  contemn  it.  That  the  House,  zealous  of 
the  honour  of  the  House,  hath  thought  fit  to  convene  him 
to  the  Place,  where  his  offence,  to  receive  satisfaction  from 
him.  That  hath  many  Friends  here  ;  yet  now  all  look  upon 
him  with  Eyes  as  Judges,  not  as  private  Friends. 

"  Mr  Martyn :  That  all  mens  actions  subject  to  Error ; 
his  more,  because  so  weak.  Yet  not  in  Love  with  Error, 
and  is  willing,  as  any  man,  to  be  divorced  from  it.  Con- 
fesseth,  he  hath  digressed  from  order  and  from  his  own 
Purpose. 

"  This  occasioned  by  the  Presense  of  the  Lords,  he  not 
well  instructed  in  the  Business.  That  when  he  came,  Hke 
to  a  ship,  that  cutteth  the  Cable,  and  putteth  to  Sea  —  So 
he,  to  cut  his  memory  and  trust  to  his  Invention. 

"  That  never  knew  of  the  Lords  Presence. 

"  When  here,  the  zeal  of  this  House  eat  up  his  judgment. 
That  he  f orgat  himself e  —  Acknowledge  his  Error,  not  for 
Fear  of  Punishment. 

"  Glad,  be  Example  to  all  others. 

"  Submitteth  himself  to  their  censure. 

"  Doth  it  not  mth  dejected  countenance ;  for  cannot  but 
receive  Comfort  in  acknowleging  of  his  error." 

[Here  follows  short  debate.] 

"  Sir  Wm.  Maijnard.  Glad  the  House  yesterday  in- 
clined to  mercy  —  Commended  the  carriage  and  answer. 

"  Sir  Bo.Phill'qypes.  .  .  .  moveth,  he  may  now  be  called 


696  PERIOD  III.    NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

for,  and  the  Pleasure  of  the  House  signified  to  him.  That 
the  House  taketh  his  offence  great,  and  of  a  high  Pitch : 
That  they  have  Hkewise  incHned  to  the  Height  of  Mercy ; 
resj)ecting  his  Person,  good  affections,  and  former  service 
here.  They,  upon  his  acknowledgement  here  really  made, 
are  pleased  to  be  remitted,  presuming,  he  will  sin  no  more 
in  the  like. 

"  J/r.  Martin.  That  this  Doom  sheweth,  they  not  per- 
suaded he  came  to  offend  with  a  high  Hand.  Thanks  for 
their  Favour.  Petitioneth,  that,  to  fill  up  the  Measure  of 
their  Grace,  they  would  be  pleased  to  appoint  a  Committee, 
to  consider  of  the  Virginia  Business." 

This  Parliament  did  not  take  the  Virg^inia  business  in 
hand.  It  is  known  in  history  as  the  "  Addled  Parliament," 
from  the  circumstance  that  it  never  passed  a  single  measure. 
It  will  be  noted  that  the  Lords  are  mentioned  in  the  trou- 
ble with  Martin.  The  Parliament  was  dissolved  June  7tli 
following,  in  consequence  of  the  quarrel  with  the  House  of 
Lords  arising  out  of  the  question  of  the  legality  of  certain 
impositions  or  exactions,  which  the  Commons  insisted  should 
be  removed  before  supplies  were  voted. 

CCCX.     CHAMBERLAIN  TO  CARLETON. 

..."  On  tewsday  Dick  Martin  came  to  the  Parliament 
house  as  a  Counsaillor  to  plead  for  some  course  to  be  held 
for  the  upholding  of  Virginia,  and  to  countenance  the  cause 
the  Earle  of  Southampton,  the  Lord  Sheffield  and  the  Lord 
De  la  Ware,  came  with  him  and  were  admitted  to  be  present : 
but  after  a  while  having  spoken  but  little  in  the  cause  he 
came  for,  he  fell  to  ripping  up  what  had  passed  since  theyre 
sitting,  taxing  them  for  theyre  slow  proceeding,  for  theyre 
disorderly  cariage,  and  schooling  them  what  they  shold  do, 
with  divers  odde  glaunces,  wherwith  he  so  discontented 
them  that  after  he  was  gon  there  was  much  arguing  what 
course  they  shold  take  with  him,  and  in  the  end  yt  was 


LORKIN  TO   PUCKERING.  697 

airreed  he  sliold  be  called  to  the  barre  and  aunswer  his  mis- 
demean  lire :  so  yesterday  he  appeared  there  and  with  much 
shew  of  hiimilitie  and  submission  did  so  insinuate  himself 
into  them  that  after  a  while  they  remitted  his  kneeling-,  and 
in  respect  of  hissgoode  service  heretofore  in  that  house  did 
after  some  admonition  cleerly  release  him :  but  the  Lords 
that  accompanied  him  are  more  angry  mth  him  then  all 
the  rest,  and  will  not  be  satisfied.  Thus  you  see  though 
he  abstained  from  beeing  of  the  parlement  for  feare  of 
being  transported  and  doing  himself  harme,  yet  yt  was  in 
fails  that  he  should  shame  himself  in  that  house.   .   .  . 

"  Sir  John  Digby  carries  himself  high  and  lookes  after 
great  matters,  sayeing  he  hath  ben  in  the  greatest  emplo}-- 
ment  the  King  hath  except  the  Deputiship  of  Ireland,  and 
yet  his  allowance  exceeds  that :  yt  seemes  he  can  stoope  no 
lower  from  his  cloth  of  state  that  he  used  in  Spame,  as  like- 
wise his  Lady,  but  I  know  not  ^^er  quam  regidare :  he  de- 
maunds  a  £1.000  for  his  transportation  or  ayudas  de  costa 
for  his  comming  home,  but  he  is  like  to  get  yt  at  leasure. 
So  with  all  due  remembrance  to  my  Lady,  I  commend  you 
to  the  protection  of  the  Almighty.  From  London  this  19"* 
of  May  1614. 

"  Your  Lordship's  to  commaund. 

"John  Chamberlain." 

Addressed :  "  To  the  right  honorable  S""  Dudley  Carleton, 
Kt  L*^  Ambassador  for  his  Ma"^  at  Venice." 


CCCXI.     LORKIN  TO   PUCKERING. 

Rev.  Thomas  Lorkin  to  Sir  Thomas  Puckering,  Bart.,  at 
Madrid.     [From  London,  May  28,  1614.] 

..."  Not  many  days  since,  Mr.  Martin,  the  lawyer,  pre- 
suming to  tax  the  House,  incurred  the  danger  of  a  severe 
censure,  if  many  friends,  accompanied  by  an  humble  submis- 
sion of  his  own,  had  not  the  more  powerfully  mediated  for 
him.  He  was  no  member  of  the  House  ;  but  entertained  by 
the   Virginia   Company   to  recommend  unto  the  House   a 


G98  PERIOD   III.     NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

favourable  consideration  of  something  that  imported  that 
adventure.  Coming  therefore  to  speak,  he  left  his  theme 
which  was  appointed  him,  and  began  to  reprove  the  House 
for  wasting  so  much  time,  to  so  little  purpose ;  and  then,  as 
if  had  had  more  brain  than  all,  undertook  to  become  their 
pedagogue,  and  to  instruct  them  (chiefly  the  younger  sort, 
whereof  there  is  some  number)  in  what  steps  they  ought  to 
tread,  and  in  what  order  they  are  to  proceed.  The  next 
day  he  was  called  to  the  bar,  and  there  arraigned  for  his 
presumption ;  where,  upon  the  earnest  mediation  of  many 
friends,  and  his  own  submissive  acknowledgment  upon  his 
knees,  he  was  pardoned  his  offence ;  the  House  contenting 
themselves  to  have  remonstrated  unto  him  his  temerity  and 
arrogance,  without  inflicting  further  punishment."  .  .  . 

CCCXII.     EXTRACT   FROM  CARAYON. 

Extract  from  "  Primiere  Mission  des  Jesuites  au  Canada," 
page  1,  note  1.     See  CLXVHL  and  CXCVI. 

"We  shall  add  to  the  letters  of  our  first  missionaries  in 
Canada  a  fragment  of  a  memoir,  entitled  :  Monumenta 
JVovce  Franclce,  ah  anno  1607,  ad  annum  1737.  Insuloe 
3IartiniccB,  ah  anno  1678.  Insulce  Cayemiensis,  ah  anno 
1668. 

"  The  translation  of  the  second  chapter  of  this  MS.,  pre- 
served in  our  Archives  at  Rome,  will  give  a  collection  of 
facts  concerning  New  France,  which  is  not  found  in  the  let- 
ters which  we  publish.   .  .  . 

"  The  year  following  their  arrival,  two  more  of  our  So- 
ciety [Jesuits]  went  to  join  them :  they  were  Father  Quentin 
and  the  Brother-Coadjutor  Gilbert  du  Thet. 

"  Two  years  spent  at  Port-Royal  convinced  our  Fathers 
that  it  was  impossible  to  make  this  the  centre  of  their  mis- 
sion, partly  because  of  the  difficulty  to  draw  to  that  place  a 
great  concourse  of  Savages,  partly  because  of  the  trouble 
caused  by  those  who  were  in  command. 

*^  They  transferred  the  seat  of  their  mission  to  another 


EXTRACT  FROM  CARAYOK  699 

})oint  of  the  same  Coast,  under  the  45"'  degree  30  minutes 
of  Latitude,  and  this  upon  a  Command  of  the  King-.  This 
establishment  took  the  name  of  Saint  Sauveur. 

'^^  They  had  been  but  recently  established  there,  when  the 
English,  coming  upon  them  unexpectedly,  took  possession  of 
the  French  vessel,  seized  the  Commander's  Letters  Patent, 
and  by  signal  wickedness,  treated  him  as  a  pirate.  At  the 
time  of  the  attack  several  Frenchmen  were  killed,  and 
among  them  Brother  Gilbert  du  Thet,  a  man  remarkable  for 
his  courage  and  his  piety. 

"  The  triumphant  English,  after  having  leisurely  plun- 
dered everybody,  abandoned  a  portion  of  the  French  in  a 
wretched  bark,  and  carried  the  Fathers  Biard  and  Quentin 
with  them  to  Virginia.  Our  two  prisoners  expected  to  be 
condemned  to  death,  especially,  when,  upon  being  brought 
back  to  Port  Royal,  they  refused  to  betray  the  retreat  of 
those  Frenchmen,  who  kept  themselves  concealed  in  the 
neighborhood.  Sent  back  once  more  to  Virginia,  they 
would  there  probably  have  met  their  death,  if  Divine  Prov- 
idence had  not  defeated  all  efforts  made  by  the  English 
sailors  to  effect  a  landing.  The  violence  of  the  storm 
driving  them  back  upon  the  Azores,  which  belong  to  the 
Portuguese,  and  where,  in  spite  of  them,  they  were  compelled 
to  go  ashore. 

"  The  English  themselves  were  compelled  to  admire  the 
loyalty  and  the  charity  of  our  Fathers,  who,  by  simply 
showing  themselves  to  the  Portuguese,  might  have  brought 
about  the  seizure  of  the  ship  and  the  condemnation  to  death 
of  the  EngHsh,  by  being  declared  j^irates.  Before  entering 
the  harbor,  they  had  exacted  from  their  prisoners  the 
promise  that  they  would  not  denounce  them,  and  would  keep 
themselves  in  concealment  durino-  the  whole  time  of  their 
stay  at  the  Azores.  During  the  \4sit  which  the  Portuguese 
paid  to  the  ship  the  Fathers  remained  down  in  the  hold, 
where  they  escaped  all  curious  eyes.  This  generosity  and 
this  faithfulness  in  keeping  the  promise  they  had  made, 
surprised  the  English    so  greatly,  that   they  immediately 


700  PERIOD   III.     NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

changed  tlieir  behavior  towards  their  pnsoners  and  carried 
them  directly  to  England,  where  they  praised  them  aloud. 

"  The  French  Ambassador,  when  he  heard  of  their  arrival, 
hastened  to  reclaim  them  officially,  and  caused  them  to  be 
honorably  carried  back  to  their  native  land  in  the  month 
of  May,  16M."  .  .  . 


CCCXIII.     BIARD   TO  ACQUAVIVA. 

From  Carayon's  "  Premiere  Mission,"  etc.,  pages  106- 
116.     (See  CLXVIII.) 

"  Letter  written  by  Father  Pierre  Biard,  to  the  very  Rev** 
Father  Claude  Acquaviva,  General  of  the  Society  of  Jesus." 

Translated  from  the  Latin  original  preserved  in  the  Ar- 
chives of  Jesus  at  Rome. 

"Amiens,  May  l^,  1614. 
"  My  Very  Reverend  Father  ! 

"  Pax  Christi ! 

"  Since  thanks  to  a  special  blessing  of  God  and  to  the 
prayers  of  your  Fatherhood,  we  have  quite  recently  escaped 
from  various  most  serious  dangers,  both  gi-atitude  and  duty 
compel  me  this  day  to  throw  myself,  as  fully  as  I  can  at  the 
feet  of  your  Fatherhood,  filled  with  most  lively  thankfulness 
and  most  earnestly,  in  order  to  present  to  you  my  regard 
and  to  prove  to  you  my  affection.  I  must,  in  fact,  look 
upon  myself  as  chosen  by  the  Lord  Himself,  both  to  repent 
and  to  show  the  triumph  of  Grace,  so  very  great  are  the 
dangers  from  which  I  now  see  myself  delivered,  to  my 
great  joy  and  surprise  —  but  this  is  scarcely  the  time  to 
mention  all  the  events  in  detail ;  and  I  think  your  Father- 
hood must  have  heard  many  things  already  from  Father 
Ennemond  Masse ;  leaving  other  things  aside,  I  shall  be 
content  to  tell  you  to-day,  how,  after  our  capture  by  the 
English  in  New  France,  we  were  dragged  from  place  to 
place  and  finally  restored  to  our  own  Country. 

"During  the  last  year,  1613,  we  were  in  all,  as  your 
Fatherhood  knows,   four   (Fathers  Biard,   Masse,  Quentin 


CAPTAIN  GEORGE  PERCY 


BIARD   TO   ACQUAVIVA.  701 

and  Brother  clu  Thet)  members  of  the  Society  in  New 
France.  At  that  time,  we  laid  at  last  at  a  suitable  place, 
the  foundations  for  a  new  estabhshment,  and  for  a  new 
Colony. 

"  Just  then,  all  of  a  sudden,  I  know  not  by  what  fortuitous 
chance  (for  certainly  it  was  not  a  premeditated  plan)  the 
English  of  Virginia  throw  themselves  upon  our  coast,  take 
possession,  with  great  fury,  of  our  ship,  whilst  almost  all 
our  defenders  were  busy  on  shore.  After  some  resistance, 
we  were  compelled  to  surrender ;  two  Frenchmen  were  killed 
in  the  fight  and  four  wounded,  without  counting  our  brother 
Gilbert  du  Thet,  who  was  mortally  wounded.  He  died 
piously  in  my  arms  on  the  next  day. 

"  When  the  vessel  was  taken  and  everything  else  stolen, 
they  did  us,  priests  and  Jesuits,  a  great  favor  by  not  taking 
our  lives !  However,  under  such  circumstances,  life  is 
something  more  cruel  even  than  any  kind  of  death.  Stripped 
of  everything  and  in  w^ant  of  everything  what  could  we 
have  done  at  this  place  so  completely  deserted  and  unculti- 
vated ?  The  Savages,  to  be  sure,  came  to  see  us  secretly  at 
night.  They  grieved  over  our  misfortune,  and  promised 
most  heartily  and  sincerely,  that  they  would  do  for  us  all 
they  could  do,  but  such  was  the  state  of  things  and  the 
nature  of  the  place  that  we  saw  nothing  but  Death  around 
us,  or  a  wretchedness  worse  even  than  death.  We  were 
thirty  people,  suffering  the  same  anguish.  What  made  our 
Englishmen  less  cruel,  was  that  one  of  our  boats,  evading 
their  vigilance,  had  escaped.  They  saw  themselves  com- 
pelled to  spare  us,  because  they  knew  very  well,  that  there 
were  witnesses  now  abroad  who  could  testify  to  the  violence 
they  had  done  us.  They  feared  the  lex  talionis  and  the 
vengeance  that  our  King  might  take.  They  told  us  at  last 
(a  noble  favor  indeed!)  that  for  us  thirty  who  remained, 
they  would  leave  at  our  disposal  a  boat,  in  which  we  might 
sail  along  the  coast  and  try  to  meet  some  French  vessel, 
that  could  take  us  back  to  our  own  country.  They  were 
shown  that  this  boat  could  not  hold  more  than  15  persons, 


702  PERIOD   III.     NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

but  they  would  not  grant  us  any  more,  not  even  one  of  our 
own  vessels. 

"  There  was  no  time  to  lose.  In  this  perplexity,  each 
one  did  what  he  could  for  his  safety.  Father  Ennemond 
Masse  got  mth  14  others  into  the  boat,  of  which  we  have 
spoken,  and  God  has  protected  him,  as  your  Fatherhood 
has  already  heard. 

"  I  went  to  see  the  English  Commander  ;  and  obtained  for 
myself  and  Father  Jacques  Quentin,  my  companion,  as  well 
as  for  Jean  Dixon,  who  had  been  admitted  into  the  Society, 
and  for  one  servant,  that  we  should  be  carried  to  some 
island  near  by,  where  the  EngHsh  are  in  the  habit  of  fish- 
ing, and  that  we  should  be  recommended  to  these  fisher- 
ermen  in  order  that  they  might  carry  us  to  England,  from 
whence  we  could  easily  return  to  France.  I  obtained  this, 
I  say,  as  a  promise,  but  they  did  not  keep  their  word.  In 
fact,  we  and  the  other  Frenchmen  who  remained,  fifteen  in 
number,  were  taken  straight  to  Virginia,^  nearly  250  post- 
leagues  from  where  we  had  been  taken  prisoners.  There, 
new  dangers !  The  Governor  of  this  fort  wanted  to  hang 
us  all,  but  especially  the  Jesuits.  The  Captain  who  had 
taken  us  prisoners  opposed  this,  pleading  the  promise  he  had 
given.  This  pledge  or  the  fear  of  the  King  finally  pre- 
vailed. 

"  This  Captain  was  afterwards  ordered  to  return  to  that 
part  of  New  France  where  he  had  plundered  us,  to  destroy 
all  French  vessels  that  he  might  find  there,  and  to  burn  all 
forts  and  all  houses. 

"  In  fact,  the  French  had  there  still  two  settlements,  that 
of  Saint  Croix,  and  that  of  Port  Royal,  where  I  had  lived 
two  years.  They  fitted  out  three  ships  for  this  expedition, 
two  of  them  had  been  taken  from  us ;  the  third,  larger  and 
fitted  out  for  war,  was  that  which  had  made  us  prisoners. 

^  The    situation    at    Jamestown    in  (Molina),  a  renegade  Englishman  who 

August,   1613,    was   very   interesting,  pretended  to  be  a  Spaniard  (Lymbry), 

There  were  fifteen  Frenchmen,  includ-  and  the  Indian  maiden  Pocahontas,  all 

ing  two  Jesuit  fathers,  naval  officers  prisoners  there, 
and  others  ;  a  Spaniard  of  distinction 


BIARD  TO  ACQUAVIVA.  703 

They  allowed  only  eight  Frenchmen  to  get  on  board  these 
vessels  ;  with  the  intention  of  availing  themselves  of  the 
first  opportunity  to  send  us  back  to  our  native  land. 
These  ships  sailed  first  to  the  place  where  we  had  been 
made  prisoners,  and  the  English  destroyed  the  crosses  which 
we  had  erected,  but  the  punishment  was  not  long  delayed ; 
before  we  left  one  of  them,  convicted  I  know  not  of  what 
crime,  was  hanged  at  the  very  same  place.  A  Cross  avenged 
the  Crosses  !  We  found  here  also  new  dangers.  The  Eng- 
lish, as  I  said  above,  wanted  to  sail  to  the  settlement  of 
Sainte-Croix,  altho'  there  was  then  nobody  there ;  but  they 
had  left  there  a  supply  of  salt.  I  was  the  only  one  who 
knew  the  way,  and  the  English  knew  that  I  had  lived  there 
formerly.  They  ask  me  to  show  them  the  way.  I  do  all  I 
can  to  invent  pretexts  and  to  escape  from  their  demands. 
But  I  achieved  nothing.  Seeing  clearly  that  I  would  not 
conduct  them  there,  the  Captain  broke  out  into  great  wrath, 
and  the  danger  became  more  imminent  for  me,  when  they 
unexpectedly  discovered  the  place  without  me.  They  plun- 
dered it  and  reduced  everything  to  ashes.  Besides,  they  suc- 
ceeded on  this  occasion  in  catching  a  Savage  who  led  them 
to  Port  Royal.  If  this  accident  relieved  me  of  a  great  dan- 
ger, it  exposed  me  likewise  to  another,  that  was  still  greater. 
In  fact,  after  they  had  plundered  and  burnt  Port-Royal, 
which  they  found,  I  do  not  know  why,  abandoned  by  the 
French,  one  of  the  very  men  who  had  left  this  post  brought 
a  charge  against  me.  He  said  I  was  a  true  and  pure  Span- 
iard and  did  not  dare  return  to  France,  because  of  certain 
crimes  which  I  had  committed  there.  The  Captain,  already 
inimical,  seized  this  new  pretext  to  rage,  and  asked  his  com- 
panions what  they  thought  of  it  ?  Did  it  not  seem  just  to 
them,  that  I  should  be  cast  on  shore  and  there  be  aban- 
doned ?  The  opinion  of  the  majority  prevailed :  They 
wanted  me  to  be  carried  back  to  Virginia,  and  that  there, 
in  due  form,  and  according  to  law,  I  should  be  restored  to 
the  gallows  from  which  I  had  escaped.  Thus  I  was  saved 
for  the  time  at  least  j  we  resumed  at  once  our  voyage  to 


70J:  PERIOD    III.     NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

Virginia ;  but  two  days  later  we  were  assailed  by  such  a 
tempest  that  our  ships  were  dispersed.  We  do  not  know 
what  has  become  of  the  others. 

"  After  having  battled  with  the  storm  for  three  weeks,  the 
Captain  [William  Turner]  of  our  ship,  seeing  how  many 
things  were  wanting,  especially  water,  and  that  there  was 
no  hope  of  our  reaching  Virginia  soon,  determined  to  take 
refuge  at  the  Portuguese  islands  called  the  Azores.  This 
decision  once  formed,  I,  who  thought  I  had  escaped  the 
rope  that  was  prepared  for  me,  fell  once  more  into  still 
greater  and  very  much  greater  peril,  since  now  I  had  com- 
panions who  shared  it  with  me.  In  fact,  the  English  as 
they  came  near  these  islands,  began  to  reflect  that  they 
were  lost,  if  we  were  discovered,  we,  priests  and  Jesuits ; 
that  we  would  be  set  free  by  the  Cathohc  Portuguese  and 
that  they,  on  the  contrary,  would  be  punished  as  pirates 
and  persecutors  of  priests.  This  anxiety  troubled  us  much. 
What  were  we  going  to  do  ?  Would  they  throw  us  into 
the  water  ?  Would  it  be  enough  to  hide  us  ?  In  the  midst 
of  this  anguish  and  these  hesitations  the  Captain  sent  for 
me  and  explained  the  matter  to  me.  I  replied,  that  for  my- 
self the  greatest  misfortune  in  my  death  was,  that  I  should 
become  the  occasion  of  a  crime  for  others.  I  promised  him, 
that,  if  he  wished  to  conceal  us,  I  would  further  his  wishes 
in  all  sincerity. 

"  What  thoughts  did  the  Lord  instill  in  his  mind,  that  he 
shoidd  trust  my  words  ?  I  really  do  not  know,  but  what  I 
do  know,  is  that  if  he  had  foreseen  the  dangers  which  he 
had  to  face  thereafter,  he  would  not  have  listened  to  me. 

"  He  conceals  us  therefore  in  the  depth  of  the  hold.  For 
three  weeks  we  did  not  see  daylight ;  but  in  the  harbor  of 
the  island  of  Fayal  there  arose  so  many  difficulties  and  the 
ship  was  so  often  examined,  that  it  is  astonishing  we  should 
not  have  been  discovered ;  the  Lord  permitted  it  for  the 
gi-eater  Glory  of  our  Society.  The  English  themselves  saw 
clearly,  that  if  we  had  desired  to  show  ourselves  and  to 
denounce  them,  we  had  frequent  opportunities  to  do  so. 


- 


BIARD   TO   ACQUAVIVA.  705 

They  subsequently,  in  England  and  even  in  the  presence  of 
theii-  ministers,  praised  our  loyalty  in  keeping  our  word,  to 
the  great  surprise  of  the  enemies  of  the  Faith. 

"  The  Enghsh,  after  their  escape  from  this  danger,  de- 
cided to  sail  for  England  rather  than  for  Virginia,  which 
was  much  farther  oft'.  They  were  in  want  of  all  that  was 
most  necessary  for  such  a  voyage. 

"  We  steer  therefore  in  the  direction  of  England.  The 
voyage  was  long  and  unpleasant.  Fogs  and  darkness  made 
us  lose  the  right  way,  and  we  were  driven  to  Wales,  not  far 
from  Ireland.  Our  Captam  had  gone  on  shore  in  the  little 
town  of  Pembroke,  in  order  to  procure  provisions,  when  cer- 
tain appearances  made  him  to  be  looked  upon  as  a  pirate 
and  he  was  thrown  into  prison  :  in  order  to  clear  himself  he 
protested  that  he  was  no  pirate,  and  in  support  of  his  inno- 
cence, he  appealed  to  the  two  Jesuits  who  were  on  board 
his  ship,  saying  that  if  they  were  questioned,  they  would 
make  known  the  truth.  What  goodness  of  Divine  Provi- 
dence !  We  were  in  the  middle  of  winter  and  everything 
was  wantino-  on  board.  If  we  had  not  received  some  assist- 
ance,  we  should  have  perished  from  cold  and  suffering. 
What  happened?  They  immediately  sent  for  the  Jesuits 
and  brought  them  into  town,  to  the  great  astonishment  of 
everybody.  They  questioned  us  as  witnesses ;  we  depose 
what  we  knew,  that  is  to  say,  that  the  Captain  was  a  King's 
officer  and  not  a  pirate,  and  that  his  conduct  towards  us  was 
an  act  of  obedience  and  not  the  result  of  his  own  will. 

"  Our  Captain  was  thus  restored  to  liberty,  and  we  with 
him.  They  kept  us  in  town  with  great  consideration,  until 
an  answer  should  come  from  London.  We  had  long  to 
wait.  During  this  time  we  have  had  frequent  controversies 
with  the  ministers,  but  more  frequently  still  with  simple 
protestants.  Everybody  was  at  Hberty  to  call  on  us,  altho' 
we  were  not  allowed  to  leave  the  house.  In  everything  else 
we  were  well  treated,  as  I  have  said  before. 

"  At  last  we  receive  order  to  embark  for  London.  It  was 
a  long  voyage,  and  theve  occurred  several  very  provoking  de- 


706  PERIOD  III.    NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

lays.  Not  to  enumerate  all  these  details,  let  it  suffice  to  say 
that  the  Kino;  of  Eno^land  sent  us  to  the  town  of  Dover  and 
made  us  cross  from  there  to  Calais,  in  France.  The  Gov- 
ernor of  the  town  of  Calais  and  the  Mayor  received  us  very 
kindly  and  kept  us  three  days,  to  recover  from  our  fatigues. 
We  reached  afterwards  Amiens,  where  we  now  are. 

"  We  have  thus  been  prisoners  for  nine  and  a  half 
months,  always  on  board  ship,  with  the  exception,  as  I  said, 
of  the  days  we  spent  at  Pembroke.  For  three  months  we 
received  daily  only  two  ounces  of  bread  and  a  small  piece  of 
salt-fish,  and  water  which  was  almost  always  brackish.  Hence 
we  were  surprised  not  to  be  taken  sick,  while  the  majority 
of  the  Enghsh  were  sick  and  some  of  them  even  succumbed. 
Surely,  the  Lord  has  kept  us,  thanks  to  the  prayers  of  your 
Fatherhood  and  of  those  of  our  Society.  May  Heaven  in 
His  goodness  turn  all  this  to  His  greater  glory,  to  the  im- 
provement of  my  life,  and  to  my  salvation  !  I  hope  for  that, 
assisted  by  the  prayers  and  the  blessing  of  your  Fatherhood, 
which  I  implore  most  humbly  and  on  my  knees,  and  with  all 
the  fervor  of  which  I  am  capable. 

"  May  the  Lord  Jesus  always  protect  Your  Fatherhood 
and  deign  to  grant  you  His  Mercy,  my  Very  Reverend  and 
very  kind  Father  I 

"  Your  Fatherhood's  obedient  son  and  unworthy  servant. 

"Pierre  Biard. 

"Amiens,  May  26*^^  1614." 

CCCXIV.     BIARD  TO  LOUIS   XIII. 

Documents  CCCXIV.  and  CCCXV.  were  probably  not 
written  until  1615  ;  but  as  CCCXII.  to  CCCXVL,  inclusive, 
are  illustrative  of  each  other,  I  have  determined  to  disregard 
the  dates  at  which  they  were  written,  and  to  place  them  all 
together  as  being  the  most  convenient  arrangement.  Biard's 
Tract,  "  Relation  de  la  Nouvelle-France ;  de  ses  Terres,  Nat- 
urel  du  Pays,  et  de  ses  Habitans,  item  du  Voyage  des  Peres 
Jesuites  aux  dictes  coutrees,  et  de  ce  qu'  ils  y  ont  faict  jus- 


BIARD  TO  LOUIS  XIII.  707 

ques  a  leur  prinse  par  les  Anglois.  Faicte  par  le  P.  Pierre 
Biard,  grenoblois,  de  la  C'"  Cy-dessus,"  was  published  at 
Lyons,  France,  in  1G16,  under  the  following  privilege : 
"  Michel  Coyssard,  Vice-Provincial  of  the  society  of  Jesus  in 
the  Province  of  Lyons  (under  the  Privilege  granted  by  the 
most  christian  kings  to  the  said  society)  authorizes  Louis 
Muguet,  to  print  and  to  sell  the  Relation,  for  the  term  of 
four  years.  Done  at  Lyons  the  23"^*^  of  January  1616  " 
[i.  e.  13th  January,  English  style].  This  tract  was  reprinted, 
under  the  auspices  of  the  Canadian  government,  at  Quebec, 
in  1858,  from  a  copy  of  the  original  edition,  preserved  in 
the  Imperial  Library,  Paris,  France.  In  1871  Dr.  O'Calla^ 
ghan  had  printed  at  Albany,  N.  Y.,  twenty-five  copies  m  fac- 
simile, from  a  copy  owned  by  Rufus  King,  of  Jamaica,  L.  I. 

Originals  are  very  rare.  I  have  never  seen  mention  of 
the  sale  of  a  perfect  copy ;  but  I  suppose  one  would  be  worth 
$250  or  more. 

The  tract  contains  thirty-seven  chapters  and  an  index  of 
the  most  remarkable  things,  the  whole  being  about  50,000 
words.  Much  of  it  does  not  come  within  the  scope  of  my 
work.  I  will  only  give  the  part  that  does.  The  tract  has 
been  used  by  several  American  historians,  who  have  pubhshed 
extracts  therefrom ;  but  we  have  no  English  translation  of 
the  whole,  as  far  as  I  know. 

Letter  Dedicatory  of  Father  Peter  Biard  of  Grenoble  of  the 
S.  of  J. 

"To  the  King^  [of  France]. 
"  Sire, 

"  If  I  present  to  your  Majesty  this  relation  of  your  New 
France,  the  description  of  the  country,  and  a  recital  of  the 
manners  and  strana'e  customs  of  the  savagfe  life  of  the  Can- 
adians,  I  am  bound  to  do  so  by  many  kinds  of  duty.  Your 
express  order,  added  to  that  of  your  Most  Honored  Mother,^ 
then  Regent  of  France,  have  carried  me  there,  with  a  few 

1  Louis  XIII.  2  Mary  de  Medici  was  regent  from 

May  14,  1610,  to  October  2,  1614. 


708  PERIOD   III.     NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

companions,  more  effectively  than  the  winds  and  the  tides. 
Your  Royal  liberality  has  maintained  me  there  for  several 
years,  and  your  powerful  authority  has  rescued  me  from  the 
hands  of  certain  English  pirates,  who  being  enemies  of  our 
Faith  (some  seeds  of  which  we  cast  upon  these  new  Lands  in 
the  hope  of  reaping  an  abundant  harvest,  the  sole  motive  of 
our  going  and  of  your  command,  Sire)  caused  us  to  leave 
the  place  to  our  great  regret,  who  have  kept  us  prisoners 
for  several  months  in  their  vessel,  and  a  hundred  times  pre- 
pared the  rope  and  the  gallows  to  deprive  us  of  life,  the 
respect  for  Your  Majesty  alone  keeping  them  from  carrying 
out  their  wicked  designs,  especially  against  my  person,  whom 
perhaps  divine  providence  wished  to  preserve  by  your  inter- 
position, to  be  commanded  to  sail  once  more  for  these  same 
regions  and  to  continue  the  civilisation  of  this  savao^e  race. 

"  Having  thus  escaped  from  this  danger,  and  still  wet 
from  having  been  shipwrecked  in  this  port  of  your  France, 
I  present  on  my  knees  these  few  sheets  as  a  token  of  most 
humble  gratitude,  for,  if  I  live,  if  I  write,  this  is  (next  to 
God)  due  to  your  aid  and  favor.  And  having  this  signal 
obligation  ever  before  my  eyes,  I  shall  unceasingly  pray 
God,  with  all  my  brethren  of  the  robe,  that  your  Majesty, 
increasing  in  years  and  in  piety,  may  one  day  see  the  Banner 
of  the  Cross,  with  your  own  Royal  Lilies,  wave  over  the  most 
distant  lands  of  the  heathen,  whilst  the  great  King  of  Kings 
prepares  for  you  in  heaven  a  crown  of  everlasting  honor  and 
glory,  which  I  desire  for  you,  after  having  born  your  earthly 
crown  long  and  happily,  with  the  same  heart  and  affection, 
with  which  I  am, 

"  Your  Majesty's  very  humble  and  very  obedient  subject 

and  servant 

"Pierre  Biard." 


BIARD'S  RELATION.  709 


CCCXV.   BIARD'S   RELATION. 

Chapter  XXV.  —  Our  Capture  by  the  English. 

"  Vh'giiiia  is  that  Continent  which  the  Ancients  called 
Morosa,  between  Florida  and  New  France  under  the  36.  37 
and  38  degrees  N.  L.  This  land  had  been  first  discovered 
and  taken  possession  of  by  Jean  Verazan,  in  the  name  of 
Francis  I.,  as  has  been  stated  before;  but  the  Eng-Hsh  hav- 
ing afterwards  explored  it  in  1593  and  1594,^  have  finally 
come  to  inhabit  it.  Their  principal  settlement,  which  they 
call  Jemton,  is  in  a  direct  line  about  250  leagues  distant 
from  St.  Sauveur,  where  we  were  staying.  See  now,  if  there 
was  any  reason  for  quarelling  w4th  us. 

*•  Now  these  Virginians  are  in  the  habit  of  coming  every 
year  to  the  Pencoit  islands,  which  lie  25  leagues  from  St. 
Sauveur,  to  provide  themselves  with  food  (fish)  for  their 
winters.  Travelling  thither  ^  in  the  summer  of  the  year  of 
which  we  are  speaking,  1613,  according  to  their  habit,  it 
happened  that  while  at  sea  they  were  overtaken  by  fogs 
and  mists,  which,  as  has  been  stated,  often  spread  in  sum- 
mer over  these  lands  and  seas.  As  they  continued  for  sev- 
eral days,  the  current  drove  them  insensibly  much  farther 
N.  E.  than  they  thought,  for  they  were  perhaps  20  leagues 
farther  into  New  France  than  they  thought  in  the  neigh- 
borhood of  our  harbor,  but  did  not  recognise  the  place. 
Unfortunately  some  savages  passed  by  there  and  went  to 
meet  them,  thinking  that  they  Avere  Frenchmen  in  search  of 
ourselves.     The  English  understood  nothing  of  their  lan- 

^  These  dates  are  not  correct.  well-armed  man-of-war  to  do  exactly 

2  The  English  were  in  this  habit  of  what   he  did  do,  —  rescue  the    grant 

fishing  on  that  coast,  and  in  this  way  of   the   North  Virginia  Colony  from 

they  knew  something   of   the   move-  the  encroachment  of  the  French.     If 

ments  of  the   French  in  those  parts,  this  movement  of  the  French  had  not 

There  was  necessity  for  secrecy  and  been  stopped  in   the   beginning,  it   is 

subterfuge  in  a  matter  of  this  kind  ;  interesting  to  think  what  might  have 

but   if   we   take   a   full  view   of   the  been  the  history  of  this  country.    Even 

whole  case  it  seems  evident  that  Ar-  the  least  little  act  of  the  English  in 

gall  went  properly  commissioned  and  America  at  this  time  was  very  instru- 

properly  equipped  in  every  way  in  a  mental  in  shaping  its  future  destiny. 


710  PERIOD   III.     NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

guage,  but  from  tlieir  gestures  they  gathered  easily,  that 
they  were  given  to  understand  by  signs,  that  there  was  a 
ship  in  the  neighborhood,  and  that  this  ship  was  French, 
for  they  heard  the  word  Normandia,  by  which  they  call  us ; 
and  they  recognized  the  ceremonies,  which  the  Savages  per- 
formed in  order  to  please  them,  as  ceremonies  of  French 
politeness  and  courtesy.  Hence  the  English,  who  were  in 
want  of  victuals  and  of  all  things,  ragged,  half  naked  and 
in  search  of  booty,  inquired  carefully  how  large  our  ship 
was,  how  many  boats  we  had  how  many  men,  and  meeting 
with  ample  and  very  satisfactory  information,  they  uttered 
joyous  cries,  showing  that  that  was  what  they  were  looking 
for,  and  that  they  should  be  conducted  to  us  as  they  wished 
for  nothing  better  ;  and  thus  they  did  altho'  it  was  not  in 
the  way  in  which  the  Savages  understood  it,  for  the  latter 
took  them  to  be  certain  good  friends  of  ours,  who  were 
anxious  about  us  and  who  from  friendship  desired  to  see  us 
above  all  things ;  thus  one  of  them  remained  in  their  ship 
with  them  to  conduct  them  to  us  ;  and  this  he  did  the  wind 
having  become  favorable.  The  English,  as  soon  as  they 
discovered  us,  began  to  prepare  for  battle,  and  now  the 
poor  fellow  of  a  Savage  found  out  that  he  had  been  de- 
ceived ;  upon  which  he  began  to  weep  at  his  blunder  and 
to  curse  those  who  had  thus  deceived  him.  Often  since 
has  he  wept  and  asked  to  be  pardoned  for  his  adventure  by 
us  and  by  the  other  Savages,  because  the  other  Savages 
intended  to  avenge  themselves  on  him  for  our  misfortune 
thinking  that  he  had  been  the  malicious  cause  of  it. 

"  Now  we,  when  we  saw  this  vessel  coming  from  afar  off 
with  full  sails,  did  not  know  what  to  think  of  them, 
whether  they  were  friends  or  enemies,  French  or  foreigners, 
and  for  this  reason  the  pilot  went  off  in  advance  in  a  boat 
to  reconnoitre,  while  the  others  took  up  arms.  La  Saus- 
saye  remained  on  shore,  with  the  greater  part  of  the  men. 
Lieutenant  La  Motte,  Ensign  Ronfere  and  Sergeant  Jou- 
bert,  and  all  the  more  thoughtful  went  on  board  the  ship. 
For  it  was  there  that  the  good  men  among  us  were  to  be 
employed. 


THE    PRINCESS    POCAHONTAS 


BIARD'S  RELATION.  711 

"  The  English  vessel  came  on  swifter  than  an  arrow,  be- 
ing favored  by  the  wind,  the  Flag  of  England  displayed,  all 
dressed  in  red  [the  red  cross  of  St.  George]  and  three  trum- 
pets and  two  drums  making  a  great  noise.  Our  pilot,  who 
had  gone  out  to  discover  who  they  were,  did  not  return  to 
his  ship,  because,  as  he  said,  the  English  had  the  wind  on 
him,  and  hence,  in  order  not  to  fall  uito  their  hands  he 
went  to  make  the  circuit  around  an  island ;  thus  it  came 
about  that  on  this  occasion  the  ship  was  without  one  half 
of  her  crew,  and  had  only  ten  men  to  defend  herself ;  more- 
over not  one  of  them  understood  naval  warfare  unless  it 
was  Captain  Flory,  who  certainly  was  not  lacking  in  cour- 
age nor  skill ;  but  he  had  neither  time  enough  to  prepare, 
nor  men,  so  that  he  could  not  raise  anchor  to  free  liimself, 
which  is,  of  course,  the  first  thing  to  be  done  before  begin- 
ning a  battle  at  sea.  It  would,  besides,  have  been  in  vain 
to  raise  anchor,  because  all  the  sails  were  secured,  for  this 
being  summer  and  as  the  vessel  was  lying  in  port,  fearing 
nothing,  they  had  been  stretched  in  the  form  of  an  awning 
from  bord  to  bord,  so  as  to  give  shade  on  deck,  and  thus 
they  could  not  easily  be  loosened  in  so  short  a  time.  But 
this  mishap  turned  out  very  fortunate,  for  our  people  were 
well  sheltered  during  the  fight,  so  that  the  English  being- 
unable  to  take  aim  at  them  with  their  fire  arms  fewer  men 
were  killed  and  wounded. 

"  As  it  is  usual  when  vessels  approach  each  other,  to  sum- 
mon them  to  say  who  they  are,  our  people  cried  out  sailor- 
fashion  0.  0 !  But  the  EngHsli  did  not  reply  in  the  same 
manner,  but  far  more  furiously,  with  loud  discharges  of 
muskets  and  guns.  They  had  14  pieces  of  artillery  and  60 
musketeers,  trained  to  serve  on  board  ship,  who  came  and 
charged  on  deck,  on  the  bowsprit  and  wherever  it  was  neces- 
sary, quite  as  well  as  soldiers  do  on  land. 

"  The  first  fire  of  the  English  was  terrible  ;  the  whole 
vessel  was  on  fire  and  full  of  smoke.  From  outside  came  a 
cool  reply ;  the  artillery  was  silent.  Captain  Flory  cried  in 
vain  :  Fire  !  Fire  the  gun  !  the  gunner  was  not  there.     But 


712  PERIOD  III.    NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

Gilbert  du  Thet,  who  in  his  whole  life  had  never  felt  fear 
nor  shown  himself  a  coward,  when  he  heard  the  order  and 
saw  that  nobody  obeyed,  took  the  match  and  caused  us  to 
speak  as  loud  as  the  enemy ;  the  misfortune  was,  that  he  did 
not  take  aim,  and  if  he  had  done  so,  perhaps  something 
worse  might  have  happened,  than  the  mere  noise. 

"  The  Englishman  after  this  first  discharge  moved  his 
ship  aside  and  held  an  anchor  ready  to  board  us.  Captain 
Flory  very  opportunely  withdrew  his  vessel,  which  stopped 
the  enemy  and  made  him  turn  aside,  for  he  was  afraid  that 
if  he  persued,  he  might  be  drawn  upon  shoals ;  then  seeing 
our  ship  in  motion  and  being  thus  reassured,  he  began  the 
attack  once  more  with  musketry  fire  as  before.  It  was  dur- 
ing this  second  discharge  that  Father  du  Thet  received  a 
shot  that  passed  thro'  his  body,  and  fell  backwards  on  the 
deck ;  Captain  Flory  also  was  wounded  in  the  foot  and  three 
other  places,  whereupon  they  made  signs  and  cried  out  that 
they  surrendered.  Surely  the  parties  were  ill  matched.  At 
this  cry  the  English  jumped  into  their  boat  to  reach  the  ship; 
our  people,  mislead  by  bad  advice,  also  jumped  into  their 
boat  to  reach  land,  for  they  were  afraid  of  the  coming  of 
the  victors.  These,  however,  were  on  board  our  ship  before 
they  had  gotten  away ;  so  they  took  to  crying  out  to  them, 
to  return,  and  to  enforce  the  order,  they  opened  fire  upon 
them ;  two  of  our  people  were  so  frightened  by  this,  that 
they  threw  themselves  into  the  water,  as  I  think,  in  order  to 
swim  to  shore ;  but  they  were  drowned,  either  because  they 
were  already  wounded,  or,  what  is  more  likely,  because  they 
were  hit  and  killed  in  the  water.  These  were  two  very 
promising  young  companions,  one  from  Dieppe,  called  Le 
Moine,  the  other  called  Neven,  from  the  town  of  Beauvais. 
Their  bodies  were  not  recovered  till  nine  days  later ;  means 
were  found  to  draw  them  on  land  and  to  bury  them 
decently. 

"  Such  was  the  capture  of  our  vessel." 


BIARD'S  RELATION.  713 

"  Chapter  XXVI.  —  The  plundering  of  our  ship  and 
our  people,  the  anguish  we  endured. 

"The  victorious  English  came  on  shore,  where  we  had 
our  tents  and  our  houses,  just  begun,  and  sent  out  in  all 
directions  in  search  of  our  Captain,  saying  that  they  wanted 
to  see  our  commissions ;  that  this  land  belonged  to  them, 
wherefor  they  had  fallen  upon  us,  when  they  found  us 
here ;  but  that  if  we  should  be  able  to  show  that  we  had 
acted  in  good  faith,  and  that  we  had  come  there  under 
authority  from  our  sovereign,  they  would  respect  that,  as 
they  wished  in  no  way  to  imperil  the  good  understanding 
between  our  two  kinsfs.  The  misfortune  was  that  La  Saus- 
saye  could  not  be  found,  whereupon  the  shrewd  and  cun- 
ning Englishman  seized  our  trunks,  broke  them  open  indus- 
triously, and  having  found  in  them  our  commissions  and 
Royal  Patents,  seized  them  ;  then  putting  everything  else 
back  in  its  place,  just  as  they  had  found  it,  they  nicely 
locked  the  boxes  again.  When  Captain  La  Saussaye 
appeared  on  the  day  following,  the  English  Captain,  who 
had  learnt  his  lesson  well,  received  him  kindly  and  asked 
him  the  first  questions  with  great  urbanity,  but  then  com- 
ing to  the  point,  he  demanded  to  see  his  commissions,  so 
that  there  might  be  no  doubt  whatever,  when  they  should 
really  have  before  them  the  words  and  the  authority  of  our 
Master,  the  King.  La  Saussaye  replied  that  the  papers 
were  in  his  boxes.  They  brought  these  boxes  in  and 
before  he  opened  them  with  his  keys,  they  warned  him  to 
look  well  if  anybody  had  touched  them ;  for,  they  them- 
selves went  very  simply  to  work.  La  Saussaye  acknowl- 
edged that  everything  was  in  perfect  order,  but  he  could 
not  find  his  letters !  Now  the  English  Captain  changed  his 
looks  and  his  voice  and,  becoming  very  stiff,  he  said  :  How 
is  this  ?  You  are  an  impostor  !  You  give  us  to  understand 
that  you  are  commissioned  by  your  king  and  yet  you  can- 
not produce  any  evidence.  You  are,  all  of  you,  outlaws 
and  pirates.  You  deserve  death !  And  thereupon  he 
divided  out  the  booty  among  his  soldiers,  consuming  the 


714  PERIOD   III.     NOVEMBER,  IGOO^ULY,  1614. 

whole  afternoon  in  this  business.  .  .  .  [Describes  the 
plundering  of  the  English.] 

"  I  have  told  you  that  Father  Du  Thet  was  pierced  by  a 
musket  ball  during  the  fight ;  when  the  English  boarded  our 
ship,  they  put  him,  as  well  as  the  other  wounded,  in  the 
hands  of  their  surgeon.  This  surgeon  was  a  Catholic  and 
known  as  such ;  he  was  a  very  kind  hearted  person  and 
rendered  us  a  thousand  kind  services.  .  .  .  [Personal  mat- 
ters,^ —  the  brave  death  of  Father  Gilbert  du  Thet ;  —  the 
Jesuits,  their  services,  etc.] 

"  Now  he  [Captain  Argall]  had  a  thorn  in  his  side  which 
gave  him  great  trouble  :  this  was  that  the  pilot  and  the 
sailors  had  run  away,  and  he  could  hear  nothing  of  them. 
This  pilot,  called  le  Bailleur,  from  the  town  of  Rouen,  having 
gone  off  to  reconnoitre  as  was  stated  above.  ...  I  fancied 
that  this  was  the  reason  why  the  English  Captain  deter- 
mined not  to  treat  us  worse,  altlio'  he  was  strongly  inclined 
to  do  so,  as  I  afterwards  concluded  from  our  experience. 
He  was,  to  be  sure,  a  very  clever  and  cunning  captain,  but 
still  a  gentleman,  with  truly  noble  courage ;  his  men  also 
were  neither  inhuman  nor  cruel  in  their  treatment  of  any 
of  us."  .   .   . 

"  Chapter  XXVII.  —  The  means  discovered  to  return 
to  France  and  how  thirty  of  our  peoj)le  reached  there  after 
many  difficulties. 

"  The  English  Captain,  called  Samuel  Argal  and  his  lieu- 
tenant, called  William  Turnel,  began  to  treat  with  our  Cap- 
tain La  Saussaye  about  our  return,  as  they  had  promised. 
The  English  offered  very  unfair  conditions,  but  to  cut  the 
matter  short,  the  conclusion  was  that  they  left  us  the  one 
sloop  which  remained  of  the  two  we  had  before,  and  told 
us  to  go  wherever  God  might  lead  us.  The  English  Cap- 
tain, a  very  cautious  man,  wanted  a  written  acknowlgedment, 

^  I  havo  omitted  several  passages  of     things,    however,    are    spoken    of    in 
a  personal  character,  and  others  of  no     CCCXII.  and  CCCXIII. 
special  interest  to  us.     Some  of  these 


BIARD'S   RELATION.  715 

signed  by  Captain  La  Saussaye,  in  which  he  admitted  that 
this  decision  had  been  come  to  by  his  own  choice.  .  .  . 
[Father  Biard  then  explains  that  30  persons  could  not  sail 
in  so  small  a  vessel.]  The  English  replied  that  this  was 
not  the  impression  of  Captain  La  Saussaye,  but  that  if  we 
wished  to  lighten  the  sloop  he  would  find  means  to  do  so, 
by  taking  back  to  Virginia  those  artisans  who  were  willing, 
provicted  that  they  were  not  compelled  to  change  their  reli- 
gion and  that  they  were  to  be  sent  back  to  France  after  a 
years  service.     Three  accepted  this  offer. 

"  The  Sieur  de  la  Motte  had  in  like  manner  consented  from 
the  beginning  to  accompany  the  English  Captain  to  Vir- 
ginia, who  had  fancied  him  much,  because  he  found  him 
sword  in  hand,  and  discovered  in  him  several  other  good 
qualities  —  which  was  very  profitable  to  our  men.  He  was, 
moreover,  allowed  to  take  with  him  several  other  persons 
who  were  to  enjoy  the  same  favor  as  he  did.  Captain 
Flory  finally  decided  to  try  his  fortune  in  the  same  way,  as 
hopes  were  held  out  to  him  that  thus  he  might  recover  his 
vessel.  Father  Biard  requested  that  four  of  them,  viz ; 
two  Jesuits  and  two  others,  might  be  taken  to  Pencoit  Island 
and  that  there  they  might  be  recommended  to  the  English, 
fishermen  who  are  usually  there,  so  that  in  this  way  they 
might  be  enabled  to  return  to  France  —  a  request  which  the- 
English  Captain  most  readily  granted.  In  this  way  the 
sloop  was  entirely  relieved  and  our  own  men  were  divided 
into  three  equal  parties  :  fifteen  remained  with  the  pilot  j  fif- 
teen stayed  with  the  English,  and  fifteen  went  on  board  the 
sloop  left  to  them.  Of  these  fifteen  Father  Ennemond  Masse 
was  one.  .  .  .  [Biard  then  tells  of  the  adventures,  the  com- 
ing together,  etc.,  of  the  fifteen  under  La  Saussaye  and  the 
pilot's  party,  and  of  their  return  to  France,  where  they 
arrived  probably  late  in  September,  1613.] 

"  Chapter  XXVIII.  —  The  voyage  to  Virginia  and  the 
return  to  New  France. 

"  God  be  blessed.    Here  were  now  two  thirds  of  our  com- 


716  PERIOD  III.    NOVEMBER,  1609-nJULY,  1614. 

pany  safely  back  in  France,  among-  their  Friends  and  tlieir 
Kindred,  who  hsten  to  them  as  they  tell  their  great  adven- 
tures. Hence  you  would  naturally  wish  to  know  what  had 
become  of  the  remaining  third  who  had  been  left  behind  in 
the  hands  of  the  EngHsh.  Certainly  a  much  longer  and 
more  varied  fate  awaits  them  and  they  will  not  escape  with- 
out serious  losses. 

"  The  English  had  now  three  vessels ;  viz,  their  own  with 
which  they  had  captured  us,  of  a  hundred  and  thhty  tons, 
ours,  which  they  had  taken,  of  a  hundred  tons,  and  a  bark 
of  twelve  tons,  which  they  had  likewise  obtained  from  us 
and  would  not  let  us  have  again  to  enable  us  to  return. 
They  filled  these  three  vessels  with  their  own  people,  and 
distributed  us  among  them.  The  Sieur  de  la  Motte,  Cap- 
tain Flory,  and  one  half  of  the  whole  remainder,  amounting 
in  all  to  eight  persons,  remained  on  board  the  Capitanesse, 
and  the  others,  numbering  seven,  remained  on  board  the 
captured  vessel  of  which  Lieutenant  Turnel  was  made  com- 
mander. 

"  Now,  as  a  beginning  of  our  misfortunes,  they  did  not 
take  the  Jesuits  to  the  Pencoit  Islands,  as  had  been  prom- 
ised, but  carried  them  straight  to  Virginia,  with  the  rest  of 
the  troop,  comforting  them  with  pleasant  hopes,  in  as  much 
as,  said  they,  the  Marshall  of  Virginia  [Dale]  who  had  full 
power  and  authority  of  jurisdiction,  was  a  great  friend  of 
the  French,  having  won  all  of  his  principal  distinctions 
by  the  recommendation  of  the  late  Henry  the  Great,  and 
having  been  his  soldier  and  his  pensioner.  This  they  fre- 
quently preached  to  us.  But  our  preachers  did  not  take 
their  text  from  the  Gospels.  For  this  fine  Marshall,  who 
as  they  said,  was  such  a  friend  and  patron  of  the  French, 
when  he  heard  an  account  of  us,  spoke  of  nothing  but  of 
ropes  and  gallows  and  of  hanging  every  one  of  us.  We 
were  frightened  terribly  and  some  lost  their  peace  expect- 
ing nothing  less  but  that  they  would  have  to  mount  a  lad- 
der ignominiously  and  dangle  miserably  by  a  rope.  But 
Captain  Argal  showed  himself  generous  in  our  defence ;  for 


BIARD'S  RELATION.  717 

he  resisted  the  aforesaid  Marshall,  insisting  upon  the  pledge 
he  had  given,  and  when  he  found  himself  too  weak  to  op- 
pose, he  made  known  publicly  our  commissions  and  Royal 
Patents,  which  I  mentioned  to  you  before,  and  which  he 
had  surreptitiously  obtained  from  La  Saussaye's  boxes. 
And  this  was  the  way  we  found  out  that  he  had  employed 
such  a  ruse,  for  otherwise  we  should  never  have  heard  any- 
thinof  about  it.  The  Marshall,  seeinq;  these  Patents  of  His 
Most  Christian  Majesty,  and  the  determination  of  the  Cap- 
tain, did  not  dare  go  any  farther ;  and  thus  after  some  days 
spent  in  great  apprehension,  they  informed  us  that  their 
promises  should  be  kept. 

"  Now,  how  they  would  keep  them,  and  what  means  they 
would  find  to  send  us  back  to  France  that  was  the  great 
question.  The  General  [Gates],  the  Marshall  [Dale]  and 
all  the  chief  officers  of  Virg-inia  assembled  in  Council.  The 
result  thereof  and  the  conclusion  to  which  they  came,  was 
to  do  worse  than  ever,  since  they  thought  they  had  it  in 
their  power ;  for  it  was  resolved  that  Captain  Argal,  should, 
with  his  three  ships,  go  back  to  New  France,  pillage  and 
raze  to  the  oround  all  the  fortifications  and  settlements  of 
the  French  which  he  might  find  on  the  whole  way  up  to 
Cape  Breton,  that  is  to  say,  as  far  as  the  46^  degree  N.  L.,* 
as  they  lay  claim  to  the  whole  territory ;  that  he  should 
hang  La  Saussaye  and  all  of  his  men  whom  he  might  find  to 
have  remained  within  these  limits ;  that  he  should  likemse 
plunder  all  the  vessels  he  might  meet  with,  allowing,  how- 
ever, such  persons  as  should  make  no  resistance,  to  return 
to  France ;  and  that  we,  old  prisoners,  should  be  treated  in 
the  same  way  as  these  people,  whose  lives  were  thus  to  be 
spared.  Such  were  their  conclusions.  But  God  was  on 
High ;  and  as  you  will  hear,  He  decreed  it  other^ase,  with 
regard  to  several  points.  According  to  this  decision,  Argal 
resumed  once  more  the  voyage  to  New  France  ;  but  this 
time  stronger  than  before,  in  as  much  as  he  had  three  ships, 

1  Cape  Breton  is  in  about  40°  N.  L.     Biard  stretches  his  points  as  a  person 
They  only  laid  claim  as  far  as  4o°  N.  L.     making  a  special  plea  is  prone  to  do. 


718  PERIOD   III.     NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

and  greater  expectations,  because  the  booty  he  had  obtamed 
from  us  increased  his  cujDidity  and  his  hopes.  But  he  took 
only  one  half  of  our  people  with  him,  I  do  not  know  why. 
On  board  his  ship  Avere  Captain  Flory  and  four  others ;  on 
board  Lieutenant  Turnels,  which  was  our  boat  captured  by 
them,  were  the  two  Jesuits  and  a  boy. 

"  The  first  stopping-place  was  St.  Sauveur,  for  they  ex- 
pected here  to  encounter  La  Saussaye,  and  a  recently  ar- 
rived shi]3.  They  were  mistaken,  in  as  much  as  La  Saus- 
saye was  in  France,  as  has  been  said ;  they  burnt  our  works 
and  cut  down  our  Cross,  but  erected  another  as  a  siofn  that 
they  had  taken  possession  of  the  land,  as  rightful  owners. 

"  This  cross  had  the  name  of  the  Kino-  of  Great  Britain 
carved  on  it.  They  also  hanged  here  one  of  their  men, 
charged  with  conspiracy,  at  the  very  place,  at  which  eight 
days  before  they  had  cut  down  our  first  Cross.  From  St. 
Sauveur  they  sailed  for  St.  Croix,  a  former  settlement  of  the 
Sieur  de  Monts.  .  .  .  [Argall  asked  Biard  to  guide  them, 
and  he  refused.]  Nevertheless  Argal  searched  high  and 
low,  and  examined  all  of  their  places  so  carefully,  that  by 
comparing  them  with  the  maps  which  he  had  taken  from 
us,  he  at  last  discovered  the  place  himself ;  he  carried  away 
from  there  a  good  supply  of  salt,  which  he  found  there, 
burnt  the  dwelling,  and  destroyed  every  token  of  French 
names  and  French  claims,  as  he  had  been  commanded 
to  do. 

"  Chapter  XXIX.  —  The  taking  and  burning  of  Port 
Royal.^     Two  great  dangers  threatening  Father  Biard. 

"  Captain  Argal  had  destroyed  St.  Croix,  but  did  not  know 
how  to  reach  and  sail  for  Port  Royal,  according  to  the  orders 
he  had  received,  and  this  all  the  more  as  he  feared  he  might 
be  lost  on  such  a  dangerous  coast  without  a  pilot.  .  .  . 
[Knowing  it  to  be  useless  to  ask  Biard  or  any  Frenchman,  he 
looks  for  and  finds  an  Indian  Sagamo,  and  under  his  guid- 
ance he  reached  Port  Royal.     See  CCCXVI.]     When  the 

^  Now  called  Annapolis. 


BIARD'S  RELATION.  719 

English  landed  they  found  not  a  soul  in  the  fort,  and  shoes 
and  clothinof  scattered  all  about. 

"  Thus  they  rejoiced  doubly  at  this  capture  first  because 
they  met,  contrary  to  all  expectation,  with  no  resistance  at 
all,  and  secondly  because  they  secured  a  good  deal  of  booty, 
which  they  had  not  expected.  .  .  .  [Personal  matters  relative 
to  Father  Biard.  He  mentions  that  it  was  the  end  of  Octo- 
ber ^  when  Argall  was  searching  for  Port  Royal ;  an  Eng- 
lish Piu'itan,  the  master  of  the  large  shij),  more  malicious 
than  the  others  all  together  agamst  the  Jesuits ;  Frenchmen 
at  Port  Royal  unfriendly  to  Biard,  etc.] 

"  Now  the  aforesaid  Captain  having  carried  off  from  Port 
Royal  whatever  seemed  to  huu  convenient  down  to  the 
planks,  latches,  locks,  and  nails,  set  fire  to  it,  a  very  pitiable 
thing,  for  thus,  in  an  hour  or  two  were  reduced  to  ashes  the 
work  and  expenditure  of  many  years  and  of  meritorious  per- 
sons. Oh  that  it  would  please  the  Lord  to  let  that  same  fire 
destroy  in  Hke  manner  all  the  sins  that  may  have  been  com- 
mitted at  this  place,^  so  that  they  might  never  arise  again 
in  any  other  place,  nor  ever  provoke  the  just  and  fearful 
veng-eance  of  our  Lord  ! 

"  The  English,  as  I  have  stated  elsewhere,  destroyed  every- 
where the  monuments  and  all  other  evidences  of  French 
supremacy ;  nor  did  they  forget  to  do  so  here,  going  so  far 
as  to  use  pick  and  chisel  in  a  large,  massive  stone,  on  which 
were  enoTaved  the  names  of  the  Sieur  de  Monts  with  other 
Captains,  and  the  liHes  of  France. 

"  This  being  done,  they  raised  anchor  to  leave  the  place, 
but  they  were  kept  by  bad  weather  for  three  or  four  days, 
at  the  mouth  of  the  harbour. 

"  Whilst  they  were  lying  here  at  anchor,  a  Frenchman 
belonging  to  this  port  .  .  .  [shows  his  unfriendliness  to 
Biard  by  telling  the  English  that  he  was  a  '  genuine  Span- 
iard ; '  and  other  personal  matters]. 

^  Biard's  dates  are,  of  course,  New     Port  Royal  had  not  always  been  pleas- 
Style,  ant.     SeeCCCXVI. 
^  His  relations  with  the   officers  at 


720  PERIOD   III.     NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

"  Chapter  XXX.  —  Dei3arture  from  Port  Royal ;  divers 
adventures  of  the  ships,  and  how  we  were  compelled  to  stop 
at  the  Azores. 

"  On  the  ninth  of  November  of  this  year  1613,  the  Eng- 
lish left  Port  Royal  intending  to  return  to  their  Virginia 
and  there  to  enjoy  their  booty  during  the  coming  winter.  .  .  . 

"  On  the  second  day  after  our  departure  on  the  eve  of  St. 
Martin,  so  terrible  a  storm  arose,  that  it  scattered  our  three 
vessels  in  such  a  way,  that  they  never  encountered  each 
other  afterwards,  but  sailed,  every  one  in  a  different  direc- 
tion. 

"  The  bark  has  never  been  seen  since,  and  no  report  has 
ever  reached  us  from  her,  so  that  nobody  doubts  but  she 
has  gone  down,  with  the  six  Englishmen,  who  were  on  board. 

"  The  new  Captainesse,  which  Argal  commanded  in  spite 
of  the  tempest,  safely  reached  Virginia  in  three  weeks  or 
thereabouts.  The  Marshall,  of  whom  we  have  spoken  before, 
heard  with  delight  from  Captain  Argal  all  that  had  hap- 
pened. .  .  . 

"  The  two  Jesuits  and  a  French  boy  were  in  the  captured 
vessel,  which  had  been  handed  over  to  Captain  Turnel.  .  .  . 
[Biard  describes  the  storm ;  the  ship  driven  by  it  for  six- 
teen days;  then  provisions  get  low;  they  finally  determine  to 
give  up  trying  to  reach  Virginia,  and  to  sail  directly  to  the 
Azores ;  kill  the  horses  taken  at  Port  Royal ;  horseflesh 
quite  pleasing  to  the  taste  of  the  Jesuits ;  Cajjtain  Turnel 
*  spoke  good  French  and  several  other  common  languages, 
besides  Greek  and  Latin  which  he  understood  well,  being  a 
man  of  fine  intellect,  who  had  studied  well ; '  the  many  good 
qualities  of  Father  Biard,  etc.] 

"  Chapter  XXXI.  —  How  the  vessel  was  visited  at  the 
Azores  and  the  good  faith  of  the  Jesuits  towards  the  Eng- 
lish. 

[This  chapter  is  devoted  to  showing  the  faithfulness  of 
the  Jesuits,  while  the  English  were  at  the  Azores.  It  gives 
the  same  story,  but  much  more  particularly  than  in  CCCXII. 
and  CCCXIIL] 


JOHN   POULETT 
Fir^t   Pnron   Pmi/rlf 


BIARD'S  RELATION.  721 

"  Chapter  XXXII.  —  Arrival  in  England  and  Libera- 
tion of  the  Jesuits. 

"  The  EngHsh  were  kept  busy  three  whole  weeks  at  this 
island,  which  we  call  Fayal,  during  which  time  the  poor 
Jesuits  never  saw  the  sun.  Now  because  the  aforesaid  Eng- 
Hsh were  without  money,  they  could  not  there  reprovision 
themselves,  and  this  determined  them  not  to  try  the  return 
to  Virginia ;  but  to  sail  back  to  England,  and  this  all  the 
more  as  they  now  found  themselves  in  this  year  1G14,  which 
was  the  term  of  their  service. 

*^  Now  when  we  were  thus  trying  to  make  for  England, 
the  tempest  cast  us  out  of  La  Manche  (as  it  is  called),  that  is 
out  of  the  channel  which  is  between  England  and  France  and 
compelled  us  to  seek  shelter  in  the  harbour  of  Milfier  [Mil- 
ford],  in  the  Province  of  Wales.  There  once  more  our  pro- 
visions gave  out,  which  compelled  our  Captain  to  go  to  Pem- 
broke, the  principal  city  of  this  district  and  Vice- Admiralty  ; 
but  at  Pembroke  he  was  arrested  falling  under  the  suspicion 
of  piracy.  This  suspicion  arose  from  the  fact  that  he  and 
his  men  were  Englishmen,  and  yet  their  vessel  was  built 
after  French  models,  which  made  them  think  he  had  come 
from  the  port  of  Gryp,  on  the  Larcin  Islands  beyond  Cape 
Escumant.  The  Captain  explained  as  well  as  he  could  by 
simply  telling  the  truth,  but  they  would  not  believe  him, 
especially  because  he  had  no  commission,  nor  could  he  have 
any  since,  being  only  a  lieutenant,  he  followed  his  captain 
and  had  only  by  accident  been  separated  from  him,  by  the 
storm  of  which  you  have  heard. 

"  On  this  account  he  was  finally  compelled  to  produce  in 
evidence  of  his  uprightness  the  two  Jesuits  which  he  had 
on  board  his  ship,  men  without  reproach,  as  he  said,  and  as 
they  were. 

"  Immediately  by  order  of  the  Magistrate  the  aforesaid 
Jesuits  were  summoned  on  shore  and  examined  in  court  with 
great  respect.  They  stated  the  actual  facts,  and  upon  the 
strength  of  their  deposition  the  Captain  was  acknowledged 
to  be  a  gentleman  and  a  man  of  honour,  provided  only  that 


722  PERIOD   III.     NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

our  difficulties  concernino'  New  France  were  to  be  submitted 
to  the  ldng\  Nevertheless  we  had  to  remain  a  very  long 
time  at  this  place  Pembroke,  awaiting  answers  from  Lon- 
don ;  for  it  had  become  necessary  to  send  there  partly  in 
order  to  obtain  money,  and  partly  to  report  the  matter  to 
the  High  Admiral  and  the  Company  of  Merchants,  who  were 
in  charge  of  Virginia. 

"  And  here  it  is  that  my  admiration  is  stopped  with  my 
breath  and  with  my  steps,  to  exclaim  with  the  Wise  Man : 
That  the  dispensations  of  Divine  Providence  are  truly  made 
by  compass,  counted  by  Nvmiber,  measured  by  weig-ht  and 
Balance  down  to  the  half  of  a  grain.  For  this  call  of  the 
Jesuits  was,  no  doubt,  a  contrivance  of  this  paternal  Provi- 
dence, which  everywhere  assisted  them ;  and  this  all  the  more 
so  as,  if  they  had  remained  on  board  ship,  being  in  entire  des- 
titution in  the  midst  of  winter  (for  this  was  in  February),  and 
for  four  weeks  uninterruptedly,  it  is  probable  they  would 
have  perished  with  cold  and  starvation ;  but  now,  by  means 
of  this  summons,  they  became  known  to  the  Judge,  who 
being  a  very  great  and  honorable  personage,  having  under- 
stood how  badly  they  were  off  on  board  the  ship,  gave  them 
lodgings  at  the  Mayor's  house,  and  paid  for  them,  saying 
that  they  might  pay  him  back,  when  they  had  the  means  to 
do  so,  for  otherwise,  he  said,  it  would  be  a  great  disgrace  to 
us,  if  such  honest  and  learned  men  should  not  meet  com- 
mon courtesy  among  us.  This  good  '  Seigneur '  is  called 
Nicholas  Adams,  vice-Admiral  of  said  Pembroke. 

"  Now  during  this  detention,  all  kinds  of  people  came  to 
call  upon  them  and  some  from  a  distance,  curious  as  they 
were  to  see  Jesuits  in  their  costume,  such  as  they  wore  then 
and  always  have  worn  till  their  return  to  France. 

"Ministers,  magistrates,  gentlemen  and  others  came  to 
confer  with  them.  Even  a  Lord  of  the  Privy  Council 
wanted  to  have  the  pleasure  of  seeing  them  meet  four  min- 
isters in  public  disputation :  I  call  them  ministers  so  as  to 
be  understood  by  the  French,  for  in  England  they  call  them 
Priests.     At  the  head  of  the  meeting  was  an  Archdeacon, 


BIARD'S   RELATION.  723 

because  the  English  still  retain  much  of  the  CathoHc  Church, 
as  the  order  of  the  hierarchy  of  the  Church,  Archbishops 
Bishops,  Priests,  Archpriests,  Archdeacons,  Curates,  Canons, 
&c.,  the  Laying  on  of  hands  by  Bishoj^s  in  the  consecration 
of  priests,  and  the  minor  orders,  as  well  as  in  the  confirma- 
tion of  children,  the  Holy  Oil  and  ceremonies,  the  sign  of 
the  cross,  its  image  and  other  images,  the  singing  of  psalms 
and  the  Litany,  the  prescribed  holidays  of  male  and  female 
saints,  Vigils,  Fasts,  Lent,  the  abstinence  from  meat  on  Fri- 
days and  Saturdays,  the  sacerdotal  costumes  and  consecrated 
vessels.  And  those  who  condemn  all  these  things,  as  the 
Calvinists  of  Scotland  and  France  do,  and  call  them  dam- 
nable superstitions  and  inventions  of  the  Antichrist,  are  by 
the  Eno'lish  called  Puritans  and  detested  like  an  abominable 

o 

plague. 

"  When  at  last  a  reply  came  from  London  it  was  found 
that  the  French  Ambassador  had  been  informed  of  the 
arrival  of  the  vessel,  and  was  now  negotiating  the  surrender, 
especially  of  the  Jesuits,  as  he  had  been  commanded  to  do  by 
His  Most  Christian  Majesty. 

"  This  was  another  result  of  Divine  Providence,  that  by 
means  of  our  arrest  and  detention  in  the  province  of  Wales, 
it  should  become  known  to  everybody,  for  we  had  very  clear 
indications,  of  which  you  will  presently  see  some,  that  if  the 
merchants  in  whose  hands  is  the  administration  of  Virginia, 
had  had  their  way,  not  one  foreigner  who  had  ever  been 
found  within  the  said  Virginia,  would  ever  have  been 
allowed  to  return  to  his  own  country. 

"  To  make  a  quick  end  to  our  relation,  note  that  the 
Jesuits  were  carried  by  a  long  round-about  way  to  the  har- 
bour of  Sandwich,  and  from  thence,  by  order  of  the  King, 
back  again  to  Dover,  and  from  Dover  to  Calais,  where  they 
thanked  God  for  so  many  signal  mercies  of  His,  and  for 
His  special  providence,  having  good  ground  for  this,  since 
they  had  been  kept  nine  months  and  a  half  ^  in  the  hands 
of  the  Enoflish. 

^  The  Jesuits  were  taken  at  St.   Saviour  about  the  middle  of  July,  1G13; 


724  PERIOD   III.     NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

"  The  Sieur  d' Arquien,  governor  of  this  aforesaid  Calais, 
and  Monsieur  la  Boulaye,  mayor,  gave  them  a  most  hearty 
welcome  and  furnished  them  with  the  means  required  to 
enable  them  to  return  to  their  college  at  Amiens. 

"  Chapter  XXXIII.  —  Retmn  of  the  Sieur  de  la  Motte 
[April,  1614],  of  Captain  Flory  [July,  1614]  and  of  some 
others,  and  the  surrender  of  the  vessel. 

"  Soon  after  this  liberation  of  the  Jesuits,  God  also  res- 
cued in  His  Mercy  almost  the  whole  remaining  number  of 
shipwrecked  men  in  this  way  :  — 

"  The  boy  that  was  with  the  Jesuits,  caUed  Guillaume 
Crito,  was  taken  to  London,  and  from  thence  sent  back  to 
his  father  at  Honfleur. 

"  At  the  same  time  the  Sieur  de  la  Motte  came  also  back 
to  England  on  board  a  vessel  from  the  Bermudas,  which 
had  stopped  in  Virginia. 

"  Captain  Argal  contended  most  generously  with  Marshall 
Thomas  Deel  (of  whose  great  bitterness  of  temper  you  have 
heard  us  speak)  so  as  to  secure  permission  for  the  aforesaid 
Sieur  de  la  Motte  to  return  Hkewise  and  obtained  it  at  last. 

"  Now  the  said  Sieur  de  la  Motte  was  very  much  aston- 
ished to  find  that  suddenly  from  the  time  of  his  arrival 
in  England,  no  one  spoke  to  him  any  longer,  no  one  came 
to  see  him,  he  was  forsaken  by  everybody,  and  the  worst 
was  that  he  was  taken  sick  on  board  the  vessel.  He  at 
once  suspected  the  danger  which  threatened  him,  and  from 
whence  it  came,  namely,  from  the  Virginia  Merchants,  wlio 

in  Virginia  in  August  and  Septem-  James,  to  Dover  and  to  Calais,  where 
ber;  again  on  New  England  coast  in  they  probably  arrived  about  the  first 
October;  sailed  from  Port  Royal  Oc-  week  in  May  (0.  S.),  1614. 
tober  30  ;  at  Fayal  three  weeks  until  As  I  have  said,  it  seems  that  Lieu- 
January,  1614;  at  Milford  Haven  in  tenant  William  Turner  and  the  Jesuits, 
February  ;  four  weeks  at  Pembroke,  Sir  Thomas  Gates  and  the  Sieur  de  la 
awaiting  answers  from  London  until  Motte  from  Virginia,  and  Captain  La 
March  (?).  They  were  taken  around  to  Saussaye  from  France,  all  reached  the 
Sandwich  about  April  ;  and  being  re-  neighborhood  of  london  about  April 
leased  were  sent  thence  (late  in  April  1614,  probably,  just  before  the  debate 
or  early  in   May),  by  order  of  King  in  Parliament  of  April  20,  1014. 


BIENCOURT'S  COMPLAINT.  725 

would  have  liked  to  get  rid  of  liim,  and  did  not  know  how. 
He  tried,  therefore,  very  cunningly,  and  in  the  end  success- 
fully, to  make  his  condition  known  to  Monsieur  de  Bisseaux, 
the  very  worthy  ambassador  of  his  most  Christian  Majesty, 
who  immediately  sent  two  gentlemen  to  him,  so  that  he  was 
set  free  and  well  treated,  as  he  fully  deserved  by  his  courage 
and  liis  valor. 

"At  this  same  time  [April,  1614]  also  Madame  de 
Guerche\'ille  sent  La  Saussaye  to  London,  there  to  solicit 
the  liberation  of  the  vessel,  and  compensation  for  such  in- 
iquitous robbery.  The  vessel  has  been  restored,  but  noth- 
ing else  has  up  to  the  present  moment  been  received. 

"  And  now  at  the  very  moment  when  our  ship,  being  once 
more  set  free,  was  winging  its  way  towards  France,  its 
native  land,  here  comes  Captain  Flory,  [in  July,  1614:]  its 
Master,  as  if  by  special  appointment,  to  take  charge  of  it 
and  to  assume  command.  Captain  Argal,  had  once  more 
freed  it  from  the  hands  of  the  Marshall,  coming  back  to 
England  with  him  (Flory)  and  two  other  Frenchmen.  Cer- 
tainly this  said  Argal  has  shown  himself  such  that  we  de- 
sii'e  hmi  to  have  an  opportunity  of  serving  a  better  cause, 
and  one  in  which  his  true  nobility  of  heart  may  show  itself, 
not  in  the  ruin  but  in  the  support  of  honorable  men. 

"  Out  of  our  whole  number  three  died  in  Virginia,  and 
four  are  there  still,  everything  being  done  that  can  be  done 
towards  their  liberation  also.  May  God  in  His  mercy  give 
them  patience  and  let  them  derive  from  our  affliction  all 
the  good  that  His  providence  and  loving  kindness  may  in- 
tend.    Amen ! " 


CCCXVI.     BIENCOURT'S   COMPLAINT. 

July  8,  (0.  S.)  1614.  An  extract  from  the  "  History  of 
New  France"  by  Marc  Lescarbot.  Paris,  1618,  8vo,  pp. 
686-690. 

..."  Now,  if  in  justice,  the  first  plaintiff  and  informer 
is  accepted  to   the  prejudice   of  him,  who   comes  recrim- 


726  PERIOD   III.     NOVEMBER,  1609-JULY,  1614. 

Defence  of  inatiiig,  the  Sieur  de  Poutrincourt  will  beyond 
the  Jesuits,  doubt  have  the  question  decided  in  his  favor. 
For  the  apology  of  Father  Biart  dates  only  from  the  year 
sixteen  hundred  and  sixteen/  and  the  complaint  of  the 
aforesaid  ^  Sieur '  j^resented  to  the  Judge  of  the  Admiralty 
of  '  Guyenne  au  siege  de  la  Rochelle/  is  dated  the  eight- 
eenth of  July  sixteen  hundred  and  fourteen,  of  which  these 
are  the  contents  :  — 

"  ^  Messire  Jean  de  Biencourt,  Knight  Lord  of  Poutrin- 
court, Baron  of  Samt  Just,  lord  of  Port-Royal  and  the  ad- 
jacent lands  in  New-France,  reports  to  you  that  on  the  last 
day  of  the  month  of  December  last  he  left  this  city  and 
sent  out  of  this  port  and  harbour  a  vessel  of  sixty-two  tons, 
or  there  abouts,  called  '  La  prime  de  la  tremblade/  to  sail  and 
to  go  straightways  in  the  direction  of  Port  Royal,  where  it 
arrived  on  the  seventeenth  of  last  March,  and  being  there, 
he  fomid  out  by  the  report  of  Charles  de  Biencourt,  his 
eldest  son,  vice-Admiral  and  Lieutenant-General  in  the  lands. 
Countries  and  Seas  of  all  New  France,  that  the  commander 
of  some  Englishmen  being  in  Virginia,  distant  one  hundred 
and  twenty  leagues,  or  thereabouts,  from  aforesaid  harbour, 
sent  by  persuasion  of  Pierre  Biart,  a  Jesuit,  to  said  port  one 
large  vessel,  of  two  to  three  hundred  tons,  another  of  one 
hundred  tons  or  thereabouts,  and  one  large  bark,  with  a 
number  of  men,  Avho  on  the  day  of  the  feast  of  AUsaints 
last,  landed  there,  and  guided  by  the  said  Biart,  went  to 
where  the  said  Sieur  de  Poutrincourt  made  his  habitation, 

^  CCCXVI.,    I  believe,  is   only  to  Port  Royal  in  October,  1G13,  as  given 

be  found  in  the  1618  edition  of  Les-  in  CCCXVI.,  is  very   different  from 

carbot.     CCCXIII.,     CCCXV.,     and  his  own  account  given  in  CCCXIII. 

CCCXVI.  strongly  illustrate  the  un-  and  CCCXV. 

certainty  of  data  where  there  is  any  Of  course  there  are  other  illustra- 
controversy,  and  the  necessity  of  hav-  tive  materials  for  Argall's  voyages  in 
ing  all  the  evidence  before  us  when  Champlain's  and  other  works  ;  but  I 
we  attempt  to  pass  a  just  verdict;  and  am  only  attempting  to  give  data  writ- 
even  then,  when  the  controversy  is  de-  ten  before  1617  ;  and  only  such  as  has 
cidedly  partisan,  we  can  scarcely  ever  a  special  bearing  on  the  English  in 
decide  with  any  certainty.  The  ac-  America, 
count   of   Father  Biard's   conduct   at 


BIENCOURT'S  COMPLAINT.  727 

and  for  the  convenience  of  the  latter,  and  of  the  French 
dwellers  there,  had  built  a  small,  square  fort,  which  had 
been  left  without  protection,  the  said  Sieur  de  Biencourt 
having  gone  along  the  coast  to  visit  his  people,  with  the 
greater  part  of  his  men,  in  order  to  keep  them  in  amity 
and  good  will ;  besides  that  at  this  place  there  was  no  rea- 
son to  fear  anything,  since  there  was  no  war  against  any 
one,  and  hence  there  was  no  probability  that  at  that  very 
time  any  foreign  vessels  should  come  to  this  said  port  and 
settlement :  and  as  for  all  his  other  men,  they  were  two 
leagues  from  there,  cultivating  the  ground.  And  upon  this 
encounter  the  said  English  plundered  all  that  there  was  in 
this  said  settlement,  took  all  the  ammunition  that  was  there, 
and  all  the  provisions,  merchandise  and  other  articles,  de- 
molished and  took  to  pieces  the  timber  for  building  and  for 
carpenter's  work  which  they  thought  might  be  useful  to 
tliem  and  carried  them  to  their  ships.  This  being  done, 
they  moreover  set  fire  to  the  place.  And  not  content  with 
this  (impelled  and  led  by  the  said  Biart)  they  destroyed, 
with  a  sledge-hammer,  the  King's  Coat  of  Arms,  engraved 
on  a  rock,  together  with  the  arms  of  the  said  Sieur  de 
Poutrincourt,  and  those  of  the  Sieur  de  Monts.  Then,  they 
went  to  a  distant  wood,  a  league  off,  from  said  settlement 
and  took  a  number  of  SAvine,  which  had  been  driven  there, 
to  pasture  and  to  eat  the  mast,  and  beyond  that,  to  a 
meadow,  where  they  kept  the  horses,  mares  and  foals  and 
took  all.  Then  under  the  guidance  of  said  Biard  they,  went 
to  the  place  wdiere  the  farm  work  was  going  on,  to  seize 
those  who  were  there,  whose  sloop  they  took  and  not  being 
able  to  take  them  (because  they  retired  under  a  hill  side) 
The  said  Biart  left  the  English  and  went  to  this  same  hill, 
to  induce  those  who  were  there  to  abandon  the  said  de 
Biancourt,  and  to  go  with  him  and  the  aforesaid  English, 
to  that  before  mentioned  place  of  Virginia.  To  which  they 
not  being  willing  to  agree,  he  withdrew  with  the  said  Eng- 
lish, and  embarked  in  one  of  the  aforesaid  vessels.  But 
before  they  sailed,  the  said  de  Biencourt  arrived  there  ;  who, 


728  PERIOD  III.     NOVEMBER,  1G09-JULY,  1614. 

seeing  what  had  happened,  took  himself  to  a  wood,  and  sent 
for  the  Captain  of  said  EngUsh,  pretending  that  he  wished 
to  treat  with  him,  so  as  to  be  able  to  surround  him,  and  to 
try  by  these  means  to  gain  some  advantage  for  the  evil  he 
had  done.  But  he  conceived  some  mistrust  and  was  not 
willing  to  come  on  shore.  When  the  said  Sieur  de  Bien- 
court  saw  this,  he  showed  himself,  and  then  when  the  said 
Captain  said  that  he  wished  to  speak  to  him,  he  replied  to 
him,  that,  if  he  would  come  on  shore,  he  would  not  repent 
of  it.  Thereupon,  after  they  had  mutually  pledged  their 
word  and  promised  not  to  act  nor  to  speak  treacherously, 
the  said  Captain  came  on  shore,  with  one  companion,  and 
remained  for  nearly  two  hours  with  the  said  de  Biencourt, 
to  whom,  the  same  Captain  explained  the  artifices  which  the 
said  Biart  employed  in  order  to  induce  the  Commander  of 
said  Englishmen  to  go  to  that  afore  mentioned  place. 
Where  said  de  Biencourt  remained  with  his  men  from  the 
day  and  feast  of  All  Saints  to  the  twenty-seventh  of  March  ^ 
(when  the  said  Sieur  de  Poutrincourt,  his  father,  went  there) 
without  any  provisions,  compelled  to  eat  roots,  herbs  and  the 
buds  of  trees.  And  when  the  ground  was  frozen  and  they 
could  find  neither  herbs,  nor  roots,  nor  go  through  the  for- 
ests, they  were  forced  to  go  among  the  rocks  in  search  of  the 
herbs  growing  on  them,  by  which  means  some  and  these 
among  the  most  robust,  not  being  able  to  support  themselves, 
had  died  of  starvation,  and  the  others  had  been  very  sick, 
and  would  have  likewise  died,  without  the  assistance  they 
received  upon  the  arrival  of  said  Sieur  de  Poutrincourt,  to 
whom  all  the  above  has  been  represented  on  several  and  vari- 
ous occasions  by  his  said  son  and  others,  who  were  with  him, 
in  the  presence  of  those  of  the  crew  of  said  vessel,  called  La 
Prime,  which  he  had  taken  there  from  this  town,  i,7wwcii  he 
arrived  on  the  .  .  .  day  of  this  month  [July,  1614].  And 
altho.'  he  and  his  said  son,  having  formally  deposed  all  the 
above  —  to  whom  credit  is  due  —  in  consideration  of  their 

^  Sr."Jer1,  1613,  to  March  JI,  161^ 


BIENCOURT'S  COMPLAINT.  729 

rank,  nevertheless  desire  to  submit  them  to  His  Majesty, 
and  to  Monseigneur  the  Admiral,  whose  lieutenant  the  said 
de  Bieneourt  is  in  those  countries,  so  as  to  testify  to  the 
whole  of  it,  as  may  be  needed,  in  order  that  their  truth- 
fulness may  be  the  less  doubted.  And  for  this  end  the 
said  Sieur  de  Poutrincourt  would  like  to  have  the  afore- 
said crew  examined  and  questioned  on  these  above-men- 
tioned facts  and  on  the  condition  in  which  he  found  the 
place,  where  that  said  settlement,  called  Port-Royal,  was, 
according  to  the  deposition  which  he  caused  to  have  drawn 
up  about  this  matter.  In  consideration  of  this  &c.  Let  it 
be  communicated  to  the  King's  Attorney  General  &c. 
July  18'^  1614. 

"  ^  Signed.     P.  Guillaudeau.'  " 

[Mem.  —  I  have  found  no  very  clear  account  of  the  voy- 
ages of  the  Harlies  and  Hobson  to  our  New  England  coast ; 
but  I  believe  there  were  two,  one  in  1611  by  Captain 
Edward  Harlie  and  Captain  Nicholas  Hobson,  and  another, 
which  sailed  in  June,  1614,  under  Captain  Henrie  Harlie 
(or  Hawley)  and  Captain  Nicholas  Hobson.  The  exact  date 
of  the  return  is  not  known  to  me.] 


PERIOD  IV. 

FROM  THE  RETURN  OF  ARGALL  IN  JULY,  1614,  TO  THE 
RETURN   OF   DALE   IN  JULY,    161G. 

From  the  beginning  the  existence  of  the  colony  had 
really  depended  on  the  managers  of  the  enterprise  in  Eng- 
land ;  but  during  this  period  it  became  evident  that  the 
colony  would  finally  be  more  than  self-sustaining.  Day 
was  breaking.  Spain  saw  that  England  would  never  give 
up  her  hold  on  America,  and  the  destiny  of  this  continent 
was  firmly  vested  in  the  hands  of  the  Anglo-Saxon. 

[Mem.  —  The  Treasurer,  Captain  Argall,  sailed  from  Vir- 
ginia about  the  18th  of  June,  1614,  and  arrived  in  England 
in  July  following,  bringing  Ralph  Hamor,  the  author  of 
CCCXXVII.,  Rolfe's  letter  to  Dale  (CCCXXVIII.),  Dale 
to  Rev.  D.  M.  (CCCXXIX.),  Whitaker  to  Master  G. 
(CCCXXX.),  Molina's  letter  of  April  ^  (CCCXXV.),  Mo- 
lina's letter  of  June  it  CCCXXVI.) ;  the  depositions  of  the 
French  in  Virginia,  and  other  documents  now  unknown  ; 
also  Captain  Flory  and  two  other  Frenchmen.] 


CCCXVII.     VIRGINIA  COUNCIL  TO  PRIVY  COUNCIL. 

Soon  after  Argall  returned,  to  the  letter  of  the  Privy 
Council  (CCXCVL),  the  Council  of  Virginia  sent  the  fol- 
lowing reply. 

The  reply  of  the  Virginia  Council,  1614,  in  defense  of 
Argall.  [Cotton  MSS.  Otho  E.  829.]  From  the  "  Boston 
Daily  Advertiser  "  of  August  31,  1870,  and  the  "  Proceed- 
ings of  the  Mass.  Hist.  Society,"  1884. 

..."  To  the  substance  of  the  first  complaint :  That  it 


SIR  WALTER  RALEGH 


VIRGINIA  COUNCIL  TO   PRIVY  COUNCIL.  731 

is  true  Captain  Argall  did  take  a  French  ship  within  the 
hmits  of  our  Colony,  who  went  about  to  plant  contrary  to 
the  extent  and  privilege  of  his  Majesty's  letters  patent  to 
us  granted.  That  he  did  it  by  the  command  of  the  gov- 
ernor of  our  Colony  by  his  commission  to  him  given  under 
the  seal  of  the  Colony,  and  by  virtue  of  such  authority  as  is 
to  him  derived  from  his  Majesty's  great  seal  of  England. 

"  That  whereas  it  is  said,  it  was  200  leagues  from  our 
plantation,  intimating  thereby  that  it  was  out  of  our  limits, 
we  say  the  coast  lying  next  E.  N.  E.  and  W.  S.  W.  many 
more  hundred  leagues  will  not  deliver  them  without  our 
borders,  we  havmg  granted  unto  us  from  34  to  45  degrees 
of  north  latitude ;  and  from  E.  to  W.  from  one  sea  to  an- 
other, with  a  certain  clause  that  if  any  other  nations  should 
get  land  to  the  north  of  45  degrees,  and  by  any  river  or 
lake,  or  by  land  travel  should  come  to  the  southwards,  to 
plant  behmd  our  backs,  that  it  should  be  lawful  for  our 
governor  to  resist,  displant,  and  take  by  force  any  that 
should  make  such  attempt. 

"  And  we  do  further  avow  that  the  said  ship  was  taken 
between  43  and  44  degi*ees,  which  in  express  limitation  is 
within  his  Majesty's  grant  and  is  annexed  to  his  royal 
crown.  And  that  this  is  proved  by  the  several  confessions 
of  divers  of  the  French  examined  by  Sir  Thomas  Dale,  and 
certified  accordingly  unto  us  by  him.  And  that  the  said 
Captam  Argall,  besides  his  several  commissions  for  his  jus- 
tification to  us  showed,  hath  further  produced  unto  [us]  a 
testimonial  or  certificate  under  the  seal  of  our  Colony,  that 
he  hath  in  these  his  voyages  no  way  exceeded  the  commis- 
sions to  him  given  .  .  .  that  upon  the  cross-examination 
.  .  .  certified  the  said  ship  and  other  .  .  .  Letters  Patents, 
and  that  therefore  we  suppose  [he  should]  be  wholly  for 
the  fact  excusable. 

"  Concerning  the  aggravation  of  circumstances.  AVe  [re- 
ply] Argall  had  not  above  60.  men  in  his  ship.  That  the 
[French]  first  shot  at  him ;  and  that  all  the  ^-ictuals,  mu- 
nition,  utensils  for  plantation,   besides  the   ship  and  her 


732  PERIOD  IV.    JULY,  1614-JULY,  1616. 

app[urtenances],  which  was  redelivered  at  the  request  of 
the  French  A[mbassador],  was  not  to  the  value  of  £200. 
sterUng-,  as  we  are  [able  to]  prove  by  the  several  inventories 
delivered  by  the  F[rencli  to]  the  Marshall  of  Virginia,  and 
together  with  their  [examinations]  unto  us  certified. 

"  Secondly,  to  the  imputation  of  inhumanity  used  by  him 
[to  his]  prisoners,  we  say  it  is  wholly  false.  That  neither 
Monsieur  Saussaye  nor  any  other  were  detained  as  prison- 
ers, but  that  he  went  and  returned  from  ship  to  shore  at 
pleasure.  That  Captain  Argall  did  propound  to  them  three 
offers,  — 

"1.  First,  to  give  them  a  small  pinnace,  with  sufficient 
victuals  [to]  carry  them  all  into  France. 

"  2.  Secondly,  to  give  them  passage  from  thence  to  the 
bank,  120  leagues  from  Cape  Brittayne,  there  to  meet  cer- 
tayne  French  shipping. 

"  3.  Thirdly,  to  give  Monsieur  Saussy,  their  Captain,  a 
shallop,  and  as  [many]  of  his  men  as  he  would  choose,  with 
sufficient  provision  to  their  own  wage,  and  to  carry  the  resi- 
due [with  him]  into  Virginia.  [And]  that  condition  was 
chosen  by  the  Captain,  and  accordingly  performed. 

"  These  offers  are  proved  by  the  confession  of  Monsieur 
Saussay,  his  two  Jesuits,  the  Master,  and  at  least  ten  other 
of  the  Company,  which  are  ready  to  be  shown,  with  many 
attestations  of  great  humanity  and  .  .  .  courtesy  showed  to 
them.   .  .  . 

"  And  tliat  these  our  reasonable  answers  considered,  the 
King  of  France  is  neither  in  his  Homs'  [Honours  ?]  nor 
title  any  way  injured  by  the  just  defense  of  our  own,  and 
maintenance  of  those  limits  and  extent  of  territory  given 
unto  us  by  his  Majesty's  Letters  Patents  many  years  before 
the  French  had  any  footing  to  the  south  of  Canada. 

"  Neither  hath  Madame  de  Guercheville  any  reason  to 
expect  reparation  having  entered  without  our  leave,  within 
our  limits  and  dominion,  by  force  to  plant  or  trade,  con- 
trary to  the  good  correspondence  and  league  of  these  two 
most  royal  Kings.     And  that  if  any  particular  be  hereof 


REPLY  OF  THE  PRIVY  COUNCIL.  733 

doubted  or  replied  unto,  we  will  be  ready  to  give  testimony 
and  further  answer  thereunto." 


CCCXVIII.   REPLY   OF  THE  PRIVY  COUNCIL. 

After  receiving  CCCXVIL,  the  Privy  Council  made  the 
following  reply  to  the  French  complaints. 

Published  in  the  "  Proceedings  of  the  Mass.  Hist.  Soci- 
ety/' 1884.  My  copy  was  made  for  me  (in  the  original 
French)  at  the  British  Museum  in  1883,  and  translated  for 
me  by  Professor  Scheie  De  Vere  of  the  University  of  Vir- 
ginia. This  translation  is  a  little  different  from  that  pub- 
Hslied  by  the  Massachusetts  Historical  Society. 

"  Reply  to  the  complaints  presented  to  the  King  by 
the  Sieur  de  Bisseaux,  resident  Ambassador  to  the  King. 
From  the  most  Christian  King.     [See  note  to  CCXCL] 

"  First  as  to  the  complaint  concerning  Newfoundland." 

The  reply  to  this  complaint  reviews  the  history  of  New- 
foundland from  the  year  1496,  when  "  Robert  Thorne  and 
Hugh  Eliot,  merchants  of  the  city  of  Bristow,  sent  to  sea 
certain  ships  for  discovery  under  the  conduct  of  Sebastian 
Cabot,"  to  the  year  1614. 

"  The  reply  to  the  third  complaint  concerning  the  whale 
fishery."     See  CCLXXXVIII.  and  CCXCVI. 

"  Reply  to  the  fourth  complaint  concerning  Virginia. 

"Captain  Argol  admits  that  he  has  taken  the  French 
ship  in  question,  within  the  limits  of  our  Colony  on  account 
of  this,  that  contrary  to  the  privileges  granted  the  said 
Company  by  Letters  Patent  from  the  King,  it  attempted  to 
intrude  and  establish  itself  there  by  force,  and  that  what  he 
has  done  in  this  matter,  has  been  done  by  virtue  of  the 
commission,  which  had  been  granted  to  him  under  the  seal 
of  the  said  Company  for  that  very  purpose,  which  authority 
is  derived  from  the  special  powers  granted  by  His  Majesty 
to  said  Colony  under  his  Great  Seal,  and  that  nevertheless 
the  said  vessel  has  been  returned  at  the   request    of   the 


734  PERIOD   IV.     JULY,   1614-JULY,  1616. 

Ambassador.  Notwithstanding  which  reply  His  Majesty 
wishing  to  show  the  Ambassador  the  wish  he  cherishes  to 
give  him  all  the  contentment  and  satisfaction  possible,  has 
caused  orders  to  be  issued,  that  the  said  Captain  Argol 
shall  be  produced  to  account  for  what  he  has  done,  at  any 
time  and  whenever  the  Ambassador  shall  desire  it.  And 
that  Turner,  his  lieutenant,  shall  in  like  manner  be  pro- 
duced as  soon  as  he  can  be  apprehended."  .  .  . 

"  The  Reply  to  the  sixth  complaint  was  touching  the 
arrest  and  seizure  of  vessels,"  and  "  the  Reply  to  the  eighth 
complaint  was  touching  The  Marchioness  de  Guerche- 
ville :  —  As  to  Madame  the  Marchioness  of  Guercheville, 
she  has  no  reason  to  complain ;  nor  to  hope  for  any  repara- 
tion ;  seeing  that  her  ship  entered  by  force  the  territory  of 
the  said  Colony  to  settle  there,  and  to  trade  without  their 
permission,  to  the  prejudice  of  our  treaties  and  of  the  good 
understanding  there  is  between  our  kings."   .   .  . 

Indorsed  :  "  D[elivere]d  ye  Fr[ench]  Amb[assador  by] 
Mons"  Edmo[ndes].^  1614.  Answer  to  the  French  Com- 
playntes." 

CCCXIX.   LORKIN  TO  PUCKERING. 

Rev.  Thomas  Lorkin  to  Sir  Thomas  Puckering,  Bart., 
July  21,  1614. 

..."  From  the  Bermudas  news  is  freshly  arrived,^  that 
there  have  been  there  lately  two  Spanish  ships,  with  a  little 
frigate  sounding  the  way  before  them.  Upon  the  first  dis- 
covery of  them,  the  Governor  of  the  island  sent  forth  a 
small  vessel  towards  them,  to  learn  what  they  were,  who, 
perceiving  them  to  be  Spaniards,  presently  returned  and 
advertised  the  Governor  thereof,  who  presently  saluting 
them  with  a  friendly  shot  of  artillery,  they  rendered  him 
his  salute,  and  instantly  retired."  —  From  Birch's  "  Court 
and  Times  of  James  I."  vol.  i.  p.  337. 

1  Sir  Thomas   Edmonds,    ambassa-         ^  This  news  probably  "  3.rrived  "  on 
dor  of  the  king  of  England,  resident     the  vessel  which  brought  Captain  Dan- 
in  France,   embarked   for   France    in     iel  Elfrith. 
the  ship  Answer,  on  the   '25th   July, 
16U.  —  3d  Kept.  MS.  Com.  p.  292b. 


JAMES   I.   TO   STATES  GENERAL.  735 

[Mem.  —  "  July  29'\  Court  Minutes  of  the  East  India 
Company.  Sale  by  the  Candle  of  Calicoes,  Silks,  &c ;  also 
of  two  boxes  of  ambergris,  belonging  to  the  Virginia  Com- 
pany, at  £3.  1*  and  <£3.  2*  an  oz."] 

CCCXX.  JAMES  I.   TO  STATES  GENERAL. 

From  London  "  Documents  relating  to  the  Colonial  His- 
tory of  New  York,"  Albany,  1853,  vol.  iii.  p.  9. 

"  High  and  Mighty  Lords,  Our  good  Friends  and  Al- 
lies ! 

"  We  cannot  but  acknowledge  the  favor,  which  through 
regard  for  us,  you  have  done  to  Sir  Thomas  Dale,  Mar- 
shall of  Virginia,  by  permitting  him  to  absent  himself  for 
some  time  from  your  service,  to  which  he  should  have 
already  returned,  had  not  all  of  that  Colony,  where  he  has 
right  worthily  comported  himself,  perceiving  the  necessity 
of  his  remaining  among  them,  to  settle  and  give  stability  to 
that  enterprize,  supplicated  Us  to  interpose  again  with  you, 
and  to  request  you  to  permit  his  absence  for  two  or  three 
years  more,  in  order  that  he  may  complete  the  work,  so 
well  begun ;  which,  by  his  recal,  cannot  but  run  great  risk 
of  miscarriage.  This  We  have  right  willingly  undertaken 
for  so  good  an  object,  and  doubt  not  but  you  will  consent 
with  like  promptness,  not  only  in  this  case,  but  in  all  that 
depends  on  you  for  the  advancement  of  so  laudable  an 
undertaking ;  the  success  of  which,  as  in  all  probability  it 
will  be  productive  of  advantage  to  our  Realms,  will,  in  like 
manner,  not  fail  to  communicate  the  Hke  to  your  Provinces. 
"  Therefore  We  remain  Your  very  affectionate  Friend. 

"  James  R. 
"  From  our  Court  at  Leicester,  the  19*^  of  Augt  1614." 

Addressed :    "  To   the    High   and   Mighty    Lords,    The 
States  General  of  the  United  Netherland  Provinces." 
Mem. :  "  Date  19  August  (0.  S.)  1  -j^-,  <  „ 
Received  30  Septr  (N.  S.)  j 


736  PERIOD   IV.     JULY,  1614-JULY,  1616. 

[Mem,  —  Captain  John  Smith  sailed  from  our  New  Eng- 
land coast  on  the  18th  of  July  and  arrived  in  England  the 
latter  end  of  August,  1614. 

Lorkin  to  Puckering,  London,  September  11,  1614.  .  .  . 
"  The  present  affords  no  news  at  all,  more  than  that  two  or 
three  days  since,  wee  were  put  into  an  alarm  by  the  discov- 
ery of  a  fleet  upon  our  coasts,  of  three  score  sail,  which  at 
the  first  were  feared  to  be  Spaniards,  destined  for  England ; 
but  since  prove  either  to  be  Easterlings,  or,  if  Spaniards, 
destined  for  Embden.  The  council  upon  this  bruit  de- 
spatched commissioners  into  all  parts  of  England,  to  muster 
the  train-soldiers,  and  to  command  them  to  be  in  a  readi- 
ness, which  whether  it  shall  go  forward  or  not  I  cannot 
affirm,  that  other  fear  being  cleared."  —  From  Birch's 
"  Court  and  Times  of  James  I."  vol.  i.  p.  347.] 

CCCXXI.   LETTER  TO  SIR  THOMAS   DALE. 

September  20,  1614.  "  Letter  to  Sir  Tho^  Dale,  Mar- 
shall of  the  Colony  in  Virginia,  To  send  home  by  the  next 
ship  Eliezer  Hopkins."  —  Docquet,  Domestic,  James  1. 

The  whole  of  this  letter  has  not  been  found. 


CCCXXII.   EXTRACT   FROM    PRESENT    STATE    OF  IRE- 
LAND. 

Extract  from  "  A  Discourse  of  the  present  estate  of  Ire- 
land," by  George  Lord  Carew.     Written  in  1614. 

..."  The  Spanish  king  can  never  want  pretences  to 
blind  the  world  for  the  defence  of  the  breach  of  his  league, 
which  by  the  Catholics  will  be  applauded ;  and  if  no  other 
shift  were  to  be  found  to  preserve  his  honour,  the  planta- 
tions in  the  Bermudas  and  in  Virginia,  or  his  obedience  to 
the  church  (being  incited  to  a  war  by  the  Pope)  will  be 
enforce^  as  sufficient."  —  From  "  Carew  Papers,"  Lambeth. 


GONDO^IAR  TO  PHILIP  III.  737 

•  CCCXXIII.   RESOLUTION  OF  THE   STATES  GENERAL. 

From  London  "  Documents  relating  to  the  Colonial  His- 
tory of  the  State  of  New  York,"  Albany,  1853,  vol.  iii» 
p.  9. 

Resolution  of  the  States  General  on  CCCXX. 

"  Tuesday  the  last  of  September,  1614. 

"  Received  and  read  a  Letter  from  the  King  of  Great 
Britain,  dated  at  Leicester  the  19*^  of  August  Old  Style,  in 
favor  of  Captain  Sir  Thomas  Dale,  Marshall  of  Virginia,  to 
the  effect  that  their  High  Mightinesses  would  please  to  give 
leave  of  Absence  to  the  said  Captain  for  two  or  three  years 
more,  in  order  that  he  may  continue  his  residence  in  Vii*- 
ginia  meanwhile,  to  bring  affairs  there  uito  thorough  secur- 
ity, for  which  he  has  laid  good  foundation,  and  commence- 
ment. After  deUberation,  and  on  the  aforesaid  high 
reeoumiendation  by  his  Majesty  and  the  aforesaid  Ambas- 
sador, their  High  Mightinesses  have  agreed  and  consented 
that  the  said  Captain  may  continue  his  residence  in  Vir- 
ginia, on  the  previous  footing,  until  it  shall  be  otherwise 
ordered  by  their  High  Mightinesses." 


CCCXXIV.     GONDOMAR  TO  PHILIP  IIL 

GENERAL  ARCHIVES   OF  SIMANCAS.     DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE, 
VOLUME  2591,    FOLIO  115. 

Copy  of  a  deciphered  letter  from  Don  Diego  Sarmiento  y 
Acuiia  to  the  King  of  Spain,  dated  London,  October  17, 
1614. 

"  Sire  — 

"  The  ship  in  which  they  offered  me  that  Don  Diego  de 
Molino  should  be  brought  in,  has  returned  without  him. 
Two  Enoflishmen,  who  were  in  the  same  vessel  and  whom  I 
had  charged,  without  the  one  knowing  of  the  other,  to  bring 
me  a  very  detailed  account  of  the  state  in  which  matters 
were  over  there  —  to  see  if  it  agreed  with  what  I  have  been 


738  PERIOD  IV.    JULY,  1614-JULY,  1616. 

told  by  others  —  and  likewise  informing  me  of  all  that  had 
occurred  there,  why  Don  Diego  de  Mohno  did  not  come,  ot 
whether  he  had  died.  I  had  charged  them  moreover,  that 
without  making  themselves  known  to  Don  Diego,  or  to  the 
other  sailor  whom  they  took  with  them,  and  who  is  called 
Antonio  Perez,  they  should  find  out  how  they  were  and  should 
comfort  and  assist  them,  both  for  the  pur230se  of  bringing 
thsm  over  and  in  any  other  way  that  they  might  be  able. 
They  have  returned  and  brought  me  letters  from  Don  Diego, 
which  one  had  sewed  between  the  soles  of  his  shoes,  while 
the  other  had  them  in  a  coil  of  rope,  as  I  herewith  send  it  to 
Y.  M. ;  because  they  knew  that  they  would  be  searched  and 
carefully  examined,  and  if  they  found  that  they  carried  let- 
ters from  Don  Diego,  they  would  hang  them,  Avithout  saying 
a  word,  and  besides  would  learn  what  Don  Diego  had  written. 
Don  Diego  is  well  but  they  keep  him  with  great  precautions, 
not  letting  him  speak  to  any  one,  altho'  he  is  permitted  to 
go  out  and  fish  on  the  shore  with  four  or  five  men  who  are 
always  with  liuu  on  guard.  Don  Diego,  however,  had  per- 
suaded them  to  escape  with  him,  if  there  should  turn  up  any 
boat  or  any  way  to  do  it,  (by  water) ;  because  some  who 
have  attempted  to  go  by  land  towards  '  la  Florida,'  so  'tis 
said,  were  killed  by  the  Indians ;  whilst  on  the  other  hand 
this  is  said  to  be  a  report  manufactured  by  the  Enghsh,  in 
order  to  create  a  terror  so  as  to  prevent  others  from  making 
the  like  attempt ;  and  for  those  who  have  gone  towards  *  la 
Florida,'  they  lay  the  blame  upon  Don  Diego  de  Molino. 

"  I  have  taken  here  special  pains  to  find  out  why  they 
should  have  returned  without  bringing  Don  Diego,  and  I 
have  found  out,  as  a  great  secret,  that  notwithstanding  the 
orders  which  were  given,  the  Enghshman  has  been  permitted 
to  die  in  Spain,  and  resenting  this,  they  keep  Don  Diego  de 
Molino  in  Virginia ;  that  having  requested  (as  they  tell  me) 
Y.  M.  in  the  name  of  the  King  here,  to  hand  over  the  Eng- 
lishman to  their  Embassador,  smce  he  had  come  over  first 
and  was  already  in  Madrid,  and  that  the  King  here  gave  his 
word  to  send  for  Don  Diego,  and  to  hand  him  over  here,  to 


GONDOMAR  TO   PHILIP  III.  739 

Y.  M.'s  Embassador ;  and  that,  seeing  Y.  M.  had  not  been 
willing  to  trust  this  king  in  this,  and  knowing  likewise  very 
well,  that  the  persons  were  very  different  persons,  Don  Diego 
being  a  gentleman,  as  here  everybody  knows  full  well,  bet- 
ter than  I  myself,  the  Council  has  resolved  to  let  the  thing 
have  its  way  and  interpose  delays  and  postponements  with- 
out doing  anything.  My  knowing  this  so  perfectly  has  been 
of  importance  in  getting  it  mended ;  and  thus  I  have  already 
in  my  possession  a  special  order  of  the  King  in  which  he 
commands  that  without  another  word,  he  shall  be  sent  in  any 
[a  ?]  vessel  that  may  [will  probably]  sail  from  here  within  8 
days  to  Virginia,^  and  return  within  five  or  six  months ;  the 
Captain  of  which  ship  has  assured  me  that  he  will  bring  him 
without  fail.  I,  also,  endeavour  to  have  the  sailor  brought. 
But  here  they  know  that  he  is  an  Englishman,  where  he 
was  born  and  raised  :  besides,  a  Member  of  the  Council  has 
told  me  that  at  the  request  of  the  Embassador  of  the  King 
here,  Y.  M.  ordered  him  years  ago  to  be  imprisoned  for  im- 
proper words  which  he  had  used  against  the  King  here.  I 
therefore  proceed  cautiously  'till  we  shall  see  Don  Diego  de 
Molino  restored  to  freedom,  and  after  that  it  seems  to  me  it 
will  be  very  right  to  ask  for,  that  other  man's  Hberty  as  a 
favor  or  in  whatever  manner  may  seem  best. 

"  The  condition  in  which  Virginia  affairs  are  just  now,  is 
the  same  as  that  I  reported  to  Y.  M.  on  the  first ;  those  who 
are  there,  are  so  against  their  free  will,  which  I  have  been 
certified  by  one  of  those  who  come  from  there.  Don  Diego 
de  Molino  also  gives  me  to  understand  this,  adding  that  they 
would  be  very  much  delighted  if  Y.  M.  would  send  there 
even  the  shadow  of  a  fleet,  to  drive  them  out  of  that  coun- 
try ;  that  if  some  attack  was  made  upon  those  of  the  first 
fort,  and  then  an  offer  were  made  to  take  them  all  back  to 
England,  all  the  others  would  surrender  without  firing  a 
shot,  upon  the  same  condition ;  and  here  this  Colony  is  in 
such  bad  repute  that  not  a  human  being  can  be  found  to  go 

^  I  suppose  this  has  reference  to  the  probably  sailed  for  Virginia  about  the 
John  and  Francis.     If  so,  the  vessel     middle  of  October,  1615. 


740  PERIOD  IV.    JULY,  1614-JULY,  1616. 

there  in  any  way  whatever.  So  much  so  that  a  person  who 
was  present,  has  told  me  how  in  a  Court  of  the  Mayor  — 
who  is  the  '  Correofidor '  of  London  —  when  the  case  of 
two  Moorish  [black  ?]  thieves  came  up,  the  Mayor  told  them, 
impressing  upon  them  their  offences,  that  they  ought  to  be 
hanged ;  but  that,  taking  pity  upon  them,  he  wished  to  par- 
don them,  with  this  condition,  that  they  should  go  and  serve 
the  King  and  the  Queen  in  Virginia  —  and  that  they  rejihed 
at  once,  decidedly  and  with  one  accord,  that  they  would  much 
rather  die  on  the  gallows  here,  and  quickly,  than  to  die  slowly 
so  many  deaths  as  was  the  case  in  Virginia.  I  am  told,  they 
will  be  hanged ;  also,  that  most  of  those  who  sail  in  this 
ship  of  to-day,  go  with  the  express  condition  and  agreement, 
that  they  must  return  in  it  again. 

"  The  Colony  of  Bermuda  has  a  very  different  and  cred- 
itable reputation  ;  and  thus  is  assisted  both  in  men  and  in 
money ;  they  speak  very  seriously  of  fortifying  it,  and  send- 
ing Colonists  there,  as  I  have  very  much  in  detail  reported 
to  Y.  M.,  whose  CathoHc  Person,"  etc. 

For  a  more  correct  view  of  affairs  in  Virginia  at  this  time 
see  Hamor's  Narration  (CCCXXVII.). 


CCCXXV.    MOLINA  TO  GONDOMAR. 

GENERAL  ABCBIVES  OF  SIMANCAS.     DEPABTMENT  OF  STATE, 
VOLUME  2591,   FOLIO  116   {INCLOSED   IN  FOLIO  115). 

Copy  of  a  holographic  letter  from  Don  Diego  de  Molina  to 
Don  Diego  Sarmiento  de  Acuna,  dated  in  Virginia,  April 
30,  1614:.  (Inclosed  in  a  letter  from  said  Don  Diego 
Sarmiento  to  the  King  of  Spain,  of  October  17,  1614.) 

"  Your  letter.  Sir,  and  the  favor  which  you  did  me  in  suc- 
couring me,  caused  me  a  satisfaction,  which  I  cannot  ex- 
press, since  it  alone  was  the  means  to  relieve  me  of  a  disease 
which  for  seventeen  months  had  afflicted  me  sadly.  For  all 
this  fell  upon  me  on  account  of  the  wrong  which  the  Gov- 


HENRY    RICH 
First  Earl  oj   F toll  and 


MOLINA  TO  GONDOMAR.  741 

ernor  ^  did  me  in  not  taking  me  with  him  to  the  kingdom 
where  you  are,  f aihng  thus  to  comply  with  the  order  he  had 
received,  which  I  had  so  long  wished  for  and  solicited  from 
you,  and  for  which  I  thank  you  most  sincerely.  Because,  so 
great  a  man,  only  to  comply  with  this  wish,  without  my  ever 
having  obUged  him  by  any  service  of  mine,  has  interested 
himself  so  warmly  in  doing  me  a  favor.  I  trust  however,  I 
shall  still  be  able  one  of  these  days  to  serve  you. 

"  When  the  Governor  left  here,  he  told  me  he  had  no 
orders  to  take  me  with  him,  as  he  should  go  in  the  first  ves- 
sel —  a  decision  which  was  not  made  known  to  me  'till  he 
was  about  to  embark,  so  that  I  might  not  find  means  to  send 
a  reply  to  you  ;  because  they  fancy  that  every  word  of  mme 
contains  some  crafty  device ;  and  thus,  of  whatever  trifle  I 
may  speak,  they  call  it  tale  bearing,  and  interpret  it  as  de- 
ceit concealed  under  falsehood.  I  beg  our  Lord  He  may 
well  rid  me  of  them.  The  Chief  Marshall  has  told  me  that 
I  shall  go  with  him ;  but  I  rely  but  little  on  his  good  inten- 
tions, and  therefore  I  have  wished  to  write  this  letter,  and 
leave  it  with  a  friend  of  mine  who  will  hand  it  to  you,  as 
they  mean  to  carry  me  to  a  new  Colony  which  they  have 
established  this  Summer  fifteen  leagues  from  here,  up  the 
river,  and  I  shall  not  be  able  to  write  after  that. 

"  The  sailor  who  came  with  me  has  been  taken  on  board 
a  man  of  war  ^  that  is  here,  where  they  treat  him  liberally 
and  use  much  persuasion  to  make  him  confess  that  he  is  an 
Englishman.  And  if  this  does  not  succeed  they  have  as- 
sured me  they  think  of  making  him  drunk  and  then  to  exam- 
ine him  once  more  (fine  Christian  principles !).  Captain 
Argol,  who  commands  the  ship  of  which  I  speak,  went  last 
year  as  high  as  the  44°,  where  he  found  a  French  ship, 
which  had  come  there  with  some  French  people,  to  establish 
a  new  Colony.  After  some  little  fighting  he  overcame  them 
and  captured  fifteen  persons  ;  the  others  fled  with  their 
governor.     After  having  burnt  all  their  buildings  he   re- 

1  Sir  Thomas  Gates,  who  left  Vir-         2  The  Treasurer, 
ginia  in  March,  1614. 


742  PERIOD   IV.     JULY,  1614-JULY,  1616. 

turned  to  this  river,  with  his  ship  and  a  captured  pinnace, 
with  much  wheat,  clothing,  horses,  and  working  tools.  After 
this  he  made  a  second  voyage  reacliing  45°  and  a  half, 
and  burnt  another  small  fort  twenty  leagues  from  the  other 
settlement.  All  this  you  will  probably  have  heard  already, 
because  the  ship  and  the  pinnace  which  he  took  with  him, 
on  the  second  expedition,  lost  their  way  in  a  storm  and  it  is 
understood,  went  to  your  city  with  a  few  prisoners.  Fathers 
of  the  Jesuits.  It  may  be  that  the  Governor  has  taken  over 
others  also.  Thus  it  seems  to  me,  these  men  will  have  a  new 
cause  of  complaint  with  the  King  of  France.  As  those 
who  commit  the  offence  think  they  will  never  be  within  his 
reach,  these  poor  people  who  suffer  from  no  fault  of  their 
own  have  nothing  to  rely  upon.  Thus  they  commit  here 
shameless  actions  as  if  the  forces  of  Rome  and  Carthao^e 
united  were  here  assembled.  I  say  this  with  much  solici- 
tude, for  they  have  also  the  intention  of  going  to  '  la  Florida ' 
and  doing  the  same  thing  there  ;  but  their  plans  are  formed 
recklessly  and  without  sufficient  thought,  and  thus  God  will 
finally  pay  them  according  to  their  works.  All  this  I  write 
as  I  get  the  opportunity  to  write  without  having  what  I  write 
pryed  into.  In  Hke  manner,  to  see,  as  they  give  me  a  new 
opportunity,  without  noticing  what  I  may  see.  I  have  asked 
the  Marshall  to  leave  me  here,  because  I  have  no  desire  to 
see  his  new  colonies,  nor  his  new  fortifications  and  small 
forts,  for  if  they  keep  me  a  prisoner  without  charge  against 
me,  but  merely  for  having  seen  what  they  themselves  have 
shown  me,  I  should  not  wish  theu  mistakes  and  ignorances 
to  redound  to  my  injury. 

"  Of  myself  in  special,  I  have  nothing  to  say,  thinking 
only  of  the  favor  which  I  am  anxious  you  should  do  me, 
since  I  have  left  all  my  affairs  in  the  hands  of  God,  I  no 
longer  think  of  brothers,  relatives,  property,  or  honours,  be- 
cause all  is  fleeting  and  passes  away  like  the  wind.  I  only 
wish  to  do  the  duty  of  a  good  Catholic  and  to  be  able  to  do 
it  among  Catholics. 

"  May  God  enable  me  to  see  them  thro'  His  mercy,  and  I 


MOLINA  TO   GONDOMAR.  743 

will  serve  you  as  I  ought  to  do  —  whom  may  He  preserve 
as  I  desire. 

"  From  Virginia.  April  30.  1614.^ 

"  Diego  de  Molino. 

"  for  Seiior  Don  Sarmiento  de  Acuna." 


CCCXXVI.   MOLINA  TO  GONDOMAR. 

GENERAL  ARCHIVES  OF  SIMANCAS.    DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE, 
VOLUME  2591,  FOLIOS  112,  113. 

Copy  of  a  holographic  paper  which  reads  thus :  "  For  Don 
Diego  Sarmiento  de  Acuiia  —  Virginia  —  Don  Diego  de 
Molina.     June  M*"^  1614." 

"  Until  now  I  had  hoped  to  go  in  this  ship  of  Captain 
Argol ;  but  now  they  tell  me,  it  sailed  two  days  ago  ^  and  I 
am  not  going  in  it  because  the  Marshall  General  had  many 
times  offered  to  take  me.  From  this  may  be  seen  the  want 
of  truthfulness  in  these  men ;  and  that  they  only  mean  to 
deceive  us.  I  am  amazed  at  what  they  have  done  and  how 
little  they  have  attended  to  the  order  of  the  council,  unless 
it  is,  as  they  say,  the  wellknown  proverb  of  the  monkey 
and  the  cat  &c.^  I  assume  it  must  be  so,  that  all  these  are 
stratagems,  for  which  reason  I  wish  you  not  to  trouble 
yourself  any  farther  doing  me  favors,  for,  altho'  I  am  badly 
treated  and  endure  much  suffering,  I  reflect  that  my  sins 
have  been  great  and  that  I  have  deserved  it  all.  But  as 
the  father  of  a  family,  who,  while  grieving  for  his  own  sor- 
rows, suffers  those  of  his  children  —  and  considering  the 
intimacy  in  which  I  have  lived  these  three  years  with  these 
poor  people,  held  captives  by  their  masters,  I  look  upon 
them  as  my  brothers,  whose  sorrows  I  feel  more  than  my 

1  This  letter  was  written  April  20,  Molina,    and     Lyrabry    were     there, 

1614  (O.  S.),  about  fifteen  days  after  though  probably  not  at  the  wedding, 

the  marriage  of  Rolfe  and  Pocahontas.  "^  The   sliip  really  sailed  about  the 

The  Jesuit  fathers  cannot  be  placed  in  18th  of  June. 

the  picture,  as  they  had  left   James-  ^  That  is,  the  Spaniards  were  being 

town  ;  but  Captain  Flory  and  possibly  made  dupes  of,  —  cat's-paws, 
nine  other  Frenchnaen,  Don  Diego  de 


744  PERIOD  IV.    JULY,  1614-JULY,  1616. 

own,  because  living  in  their  midst  and  seeing  their  suffer- 
ings, they  look  me  in  the  face  and  ask :  what  is  the  King 
of  Spain  doing  ?  where  is  his  mercy  ?  why  does  he  not  show 
it  to  so  many  unfortunate  ones  by  releasing  us  from  our 
chains  or  by  cutting  off  all  our  heads  —  for  would  it  be 
more  tolerable  for  us,  for  every  man  to  take  up  arms  to 
defend  and  maintain  our  captivity?  Certainly  not,  but  to 
receive  with  bright  faces  such  a  great  benefit  with  all  kinds 
of  thanks  and  everlasting  gratitude.  Now  what  is  there, 
Sir,  that  I  can  answer  ?  Except  that  in  a  most  Catholic 
manner  the  King,  our  Lord,  is  bound  to  reply  to  this  peti- 
tion with  a  marvellous  effect  of  his  Christian  mind  [?].^ 
There  are  here  three  settlements :  this  in  which  I  have  been 
three  years,  altho'  now  they  have  ordered  us  to  a  prison  in 
a  stockade  a  mile  distant,  with  orders  not  to  speak  to  me, 
because  the  Marshall,  says,  I  persuade  and  have  persuaded 
Edward  '  Colaque '  [Coles]  that  he  should  flee  Avith  five 
other  persons  to  Florida,  as  he  put  him  to  work,  and  I 
believe  he  did  go  for  the  good  it  did  him  to  escape  from 
here,  and  he  took  the  complaint  of  them  all,  written  in  his 
memory.  He  is  a  man  who  knew  how  to  retain  them. 
They  have  now  spread  a  report  that  the  Indians  have  killed 
them  so  as  to  terrify  the  peojile.  The  other  settlement  is 
20  leagues  up  the  river,  which  they  made  3  years  ago. 
They  have  made  still  another  three  leagues  higher  up  this 
Sfu'ing,  where  almost  all  the  people  are,  who  altogether, 
and  in  all  parts  amount  to  two  hundred  fifty  persons,  men, 
women  and  children.  Three  stockades  which  they  have  at 
the  mouth  of  the  river  have  been  dismantled  and  thus  there 
are  in  them  only  six  or  seven  men.  I  take  it  for  granted 
that  the  King,  our  Master,  Avould  do  a  work  worthy  of  his 
greatness,  if  he  were  to  take  these  people  away  from  here, 

^  The  Christian  mind  of  Philip  III.  probably  more  evident  to  his  Christian 

sustained  a  wonderful  amount  of  very  mind  than  was  the  truth  of  the  special 

wonderful    special    pleading    for   the  pleas  of  his  servants  and  agents.     He 

removing  of  the  English  in  Virginia,  was  probably  aware   of   some   things 

The  determination  of  the  English  to  not  yet  known  to  us. 
hold    their    grants    in    America    was 


MOLINA  TO  GONDOMAR.  745 

and  I  am  convinced  that  the  Lord  brought  me  hither  by 
such  extraordinary  and  unheard  of  events  in  order  to 
become  the  Moses  of  these  unfortunate  people  —  not,  as 
they  say,  as  a  spy,  because  in  Spain  httle  or  nothing-  was 
Icnown  of  this  country  when  I  "was  made  a  prisoner  here. 
Their  own  rulers  have  made  it  notorious  in  Spain  by  my 
imprisonment,  and  in  France  by  means  of  the  three  Forts 
and  settlements  which  Captain  Argol  has  burnt  in  two 
years  that  he  has  been  here  with  a  man-of-war.  They  have 
nothing  to  complain  of,  but  their  own  bad  government, 
because  if  they  wish  to  settle  the  country,  they  ought  to  do 
no  harm  to  their  neighbours.  I,  sir,  cannot  Avrite  much 
longer,  because  with  great  labor  I  have  written  this  with 
a  root  from  the  fields. 

"  I  kiss  your  hands.  Sir,  for  the  favor  you  have  done  me, 
All  came  safe  and  was  a  great  comfort  to  me. 

"  From  Virginia.     June  14.  1614. 

"  They  have  landed  the  sailor  who  is  here,  today,  from 
the  vessel  on  which  he  has  been  two  months,  and  they  will 
take  him  to  another  stockade,  two  miles  from  this. 

"  May  God  preserve  you,  as  I  desire. 

"  Don  Diego  de  Molina. 

"  To  Seiior  Don  Diegro  Sarmiento  de  Acuiia." 

[Mem.  — ^  On  October  1  [0.  S.],  1614,  the  States  Gen- 
eral granted  a  charter  to  certain  Hollanders  for  the  exclu- 
sive trade  (until  January  1,  1618)  to  that  part  of  America 
between  Virginia  and  New  France,  and  now  called  New 
Netherland,  between  40°  and  45°  north  Latitude.'  See 
"  Holland  Documents  relating  to  the  Colonial  History  of 
New  York,"  Albany,  1856,  vol.  i.  pp.  10-12,  53,  149. 
The  Dutch  claimed  that  they  had  been  frequenting  the 
region  of  the  South  (Delaware)  and  North  (Hudson)  rivers 
since  the  year  1598. 

The  map  of  the  sea-coasts  of  America  between  New 
France  and  Virginia  (40°  to  45°  north  latitude),  now  named 
New  Netherland,  which  was  annexed  to  the  grant  of  Octo- 


746  PERIOD  IV.    JULY,  1614-JULY,  1616. 

ber  n,  1614,  is  incorrectly  placed  in  the  volume  between 
pp.  12  and  13,  and  given  a  wrong  date. 

The  grants  of  March  and  October,  1614,  of  the  Dutch  to 
New  Netherland,  seem  to  have  caused  the  English  to  enter 
again  in  a  more  determined  manner  upon  advancing  and 
securing  their  interest  in  New  England,  and  we  find  an 
increasing  number  of  EngUsh  vessels  going  each  year  to 
those  parts. 

CCCXXVII.   HAMOR'S   NAREATION. 

October  20,  1614,  there  was  entered  at  Stationers'  Hall 
for  publication,  "  A  booke  called  an  Narracon  of  the  pres- 
ente  State  of  Virginia  by  Ralph  Hammer."  It  was  published 
soon  after  with  the  foUowinof  title  :  "  A  True  Discourse  of 
The  Present  Estate  of  Virginia,  and  the  successe  of  the 
affaires  there  till  the  18.  of  June  1614.  Together  with  a 
Relation  of  the  Severall  EngHsh  Townes  and  Fortes,  the 
assured  hopes  of  that  countrie  and  the  peace  concluded  with 
the  Indians.  The  christening  of  Powhatan's  daughter  and 
her  marriage  with  an  English-man. 

"  Written  by  Raphe  Hamor  the  yonger,  late  Secretarie  in 
that  Colony. 

"  Alget,  qui  non  ardet. 

"  Printed  at  London  by  John  Beale  for  WilHam  Welby 
dwelling  at  the  signe  of  the  Swanne  in  Pauls  church-yard     | 
1615."     [/.  e.,  after  September  29,  1614.] 

It  is  dedicated  to  Sir  Thomas  Smith.  It  was  reprinted 
at  Albany,  New  York,  in  1860. 

Originals  are  preserved  in  the  libraries  of  Mr.  Charles 
Deane,  Mr.  Kalbfleisch,  the  Lenox,  and  the  John  Carter- 
Brown.  An  original  in  the  Drake  sale,  March,  1883, 
fetched  $345.     Quaritch  prices  a  copy  at  $500. 

John  Rolfe,  in  CCCLVIIL,  mentions  this  tract  as  having 
been  "  faithfully  written  by  a  gent,  of  good  merit,  Mr. 
Ralph  Hamor,"  thus  indorsing  the  account  of  his  marriage, 
and  his  letter  (CCCXXVIIL). 


WHITAKER   TO   MASTER   G.  747 

To  this  publication  of  Hamor's  there  was  aiso  added  the 
following-  three  letters  :  — 


CCCXXVIII.   ROLFE  TO  DALE. 

"  The  Coppie  of  the  Gentleman's  [John  Rolfe]  letter  to 
Sir  Thomas  Dale,  that  after  maried  Powhatan's  daughter, 
containing  the  reasons  moving  him  thereunto." 

This  letter,  it  seems,  was  delivered  to  Dale  in  March, 
1614.  It  contains  about  2,000  words,  and  has  been  re- 
printed several  times. 

CCCXXIX.   DALE  TO   D.   M. 

Sir  Thomas  Dale's  letter  "  To  the  R.  and  my  most 
esteemed  friend  Mr.  D.  M.  at  his  house  at  F.  Ch.  in  Lon- 
don." Dated  "  From  Jamestowne  in  Virginia  the  18.  of 
June  1614."  It  contains  about  2,000  words,  and  was  pos- 
sibly written  to  J/aster  Z)octor  J/ocket  in  i^encAurch  Street. 

CCCXXX.   WHITAKER   TO   MASTER   G. 

Rev.  Alexander  Whitaker's  letter  "  To  my  verie  deere 
and  loving  Cosen  M. [aster]  G.[ouge]  Minister  of  the 
B.[lack]  F[riars]  in  London."  Dated  "  Virginia  June  18*^ 
1614."     It  contains  about  400  words. 

The  narrative  proper  (CCCXXVII.)  contains  about 
14,000  words.  All  of  these  four  numbers  have  been  re- 
printed together  in  this  country,  so  I  will  not  give  any  of 
them  in  this  collection. 

This  tract  relates  to  events  in  Virginia  from  May,  1611, 
to  June,  1614,  having  several  references,  however,  to  earlier 
dates.  The  leading  items  of  the  tract  (and  letters)  are  the 
capture  of  Pocahontas,  her  marriage,  and  the  negotiations 
with  the  Indians.  The  account  of  the  estate  of  the  colony 
in  the  summer  of  1614  is  important. 


748  PERIOD  IV.    JULY,  1614-JULY,  1616. 

[Mem.  —  November  23,  1614.  "  Sir  Wm.  Wade,  Sir 
Dudley  Diggs,  Sir  Baptist  Hicks,  Richard  Martin  Esq.,  John 
Wolstenhohne  Esq.,  Rich*^  Chamberlaine,  Robte  Offelev, 
Robte  Johnson,  Jerome  Heydon,  George  Scott,  and  George 
Barkeley  of  London,  Merchants,  by  and  with  the  full  con- 
sent and  agreement  of  William  Lord  Candishe,  Sir  John 
Harrington,  Sir  Walter  Cope,  Sir  Thomas  Smythe,  Sir  Robte 
Mansell,  Sir  Edwyn  Sandys,  knights  and  diverse  other 
persons  therein  interested,  resigned  The  Somers  Islands  to 
the  Crown"  [King  James]. 

These  individuals  were  influenced  in  thus  resigning  their 
plantation  to  the  crown  by  fear  of  the  Spaniards.  A  com- 
pany was  afterwards  incorporated  and  a  royal  charter  was 
granted  to  them  on  June  29,  1615.     See  CCCXLIX.] 

CCCXXXI.   HOWES'   CHRONICLES. 

"  The  Annales  or  Generall  Chronicle  of  England,  begun 
first  by  Maister  John  Stow,  and  after  him  continued  and 
augmented  with  matters  forreyne  and  domestique,  auncient 
and  moderne,  unto  the  ende  of  this  present  yeere  1614, 
by  Edmond  Howes,  gentleman.  Londini  Impensis  Thomae 
Adams  1615. 

"  Imprinted  in  London  at  the  Three  Cranes  in  the  Vin- 
tree,  by  Thomas  Dawson,  for  Thomas  Adams  Anno.  1615. 

"  Dedicated  to  Prince  Charles." 

A  perfect  copy  of  these  "  Annales  "  is  worth  about  J50, 
I  suppose.  There  was  another  edition  of  this  work  pub- 
lished in  1631,  but  it  does  not  contain  a  single  word  of  ad- 
ditional matter  relating  to  the  colony  in  America.  The 
latest  reference  to  this  colony  is  of  November,  1614.  The 
following  extracts  contain  the  references  to  the  English  en- 
terprises in  America, 
[p.  941.]  "  Virginia,  is  a  country  in  America  lying  be- 
tweene  the  degrees  of  thirtie  f oure  and  forty  five 
The  originaii  of  the  Nortli  Latitude.  The  bounds  whereof  on 
tion  ^of  "the    the  East  side,  are  the  Ocean,  on  the  South  lyeth 


HOWES'  CHRONICLES.  749 

Florida,  on  the  North  Nova  Francia  and  New  English  in 
Foundland,  as  for  the  West  thereof  the  limits  are  "■^'"^• 
unknowne/  of  all  this  country,  my  occasion  nor  purpose  is 
not  to  speake,  but  onely  of  some  parte,  whereof  the  English, 
viz,  the  Londoners  and  their  Adherents,  have  made  planta- 
tion :  which  said  Country  was  first  discovered  in  the  yeere 
1584,  as  [p.  942]  aforesayd,  and  Queen  Elizabeth  called  it 
Virginia,  and  assigned  the  same  unto  Syr  Walter  Raleigh, 
as  being  the  chiefe  discoverer  thereof.  And  in  the  yeere 
1587.  there  were  sent  thither  above  an  hundred  men,  wo- 
men and  children,  and  from  that  time  untill  the  third  yeere  ^ 
of  King  James,  all  yeerely  sending  thither  for  plantation 
ceased:  and  then  uppon  more  exact  discoveries,  there  were 
yeerely  supplies  of  men,  women  &  children,  sent  thither  with 
all  necessaries,  under  the  conduct  of  Captaine  Newport. 

"  And  about  three  yeeres  after  this  time,  Captaine  Sam- 
uell  Argall,  discovered  a  direct  passage  through  the  ocean 
to  Virginia,  and  not  to  goe  by  the  West  India,  as  they  did 
formerly.  Also  in  the  moneth  of  May  in  the  yeere  last 
above  sayd,  there  were  sent  thither  9.  ships  with  five  hun- 
dred men,  women  and  children,  with  all  necessarie  provi- 
sion, under  commaund  of  Syr  Thomas  Gates,  Knight,  a 
grave  expert  souldier,  now  appoynted  Lieutenant  Generall  in 
Virginia,  Sir  George  Somers,  Knight,  a  man  very  industri- 
ous and  forward,  was  nowe  made  admirall  of  Virginia,  and 
Captaine  Newport  an  excellent  Navigator  was  made  Vice- 
Admirall :  with  these  at  this  time  went  other  expert  captaines 
and  very  resolute  gentlemen,  these  arrived  at  Virginia  in  the 
yeere  1609,  and  likewise  at  the  end  of  the  yeere  1609  ^  there 
was  sent  another  supplie  of  3.  ships,  with  150  men,  being 
for  the  most  part  Artificers,  under  commaund  of  the  Lord 
De  la  Ware,  who  by  free  election  of  the  Treasurer  and  Coun- 
sell  of  Virginia  &  with  the  full  consent  of  the  generalty  of 

^  Howes  quotes  several  times  from     others     for    many    things    regarding 
Smith's    tract   (CCXLV.),   which   for     America, 
cogent  reasons   was  already  the   only         ^  jgoG. 

available    authority    to    him    and    to         ^  Lord  De  la  Warr  in  April,  1610. 

The  end  of  the  year  was  March  24. 


750  PERIOD   17.     JULY,  1614-JULY,  1616. 

that  Company  was  constituted  and  authorized,  during  his 
naturall  life,  to  be  Lord  Governor  &  Captayne  Generall  of 
all  the  English  CoUonies  planted  or  to  bee  planted  in  Vir- 
ginia, according  to  the  tenor  of  his  Maiesties  letters  patents 
granted  that  yeere  1609,  unto  that  Company,  Captaine  Ar- 
gall  conducted  the  L.  de  la  Ware  by  sea.  The  L.  De  la 
Ware  being  arrived  in  Virginia,  ordered  all  things  in  the 
best  manner  he  could,  and  with  his  forces  marched  up  into 
divers  parts  of  ye  country,  with  full  purpose  to  make  farther 
discoveries  ;  build  new  townes  &  forts,  and  to  bring  the  Sal- 
vages unto  his  obedience :  and  sent  Captaine  Argall  to  the 
Bermodes,  &  to  discover  ye  north  parts  of  Virginia.  The 
L.  De  la  Ware  used  his  best  dilioence  &  industrie  &  there- 
withall  tooke  such  extraordinary  paines  that  he  fell  into  ex- 
treame  sickness,  which  prevented  all  his  designes,  and  forced 
him  to  goe  thence  &  seeke  a  bath  in  ye  West  Indiaes ;  but 
being  at  Sea,  his  sickness  so  encreased,  that  he  was  con- 
stray  ned  to  bare  up  for  the  Isles  of  Assoris,  where  he  recov- 
ered some  part  of  his  strength,  &  so  from  thence  he  with 
Captaine  Argall  came  for  England :  the  next  yeere  ^  follow- 
ing Sir  George  Somers  went  from  Virginia  to  ye  Bermodes, 
to  fetch  porke,  where  he  dyed  of  a  surfeit  in  eating  of  a  pig. 
Captaine  Newport  seeing  the  necessary  yeerely  supplies  for 
this  plantation,  not  to  proceed  as  was  requisite  for  so  honor- 
able an  action,  he  left  ye  service,  being  chosen  one  of  ye 
6.  Masters  of  ye  Navy  royall,  &  being  imployed  by  the 
Company  of  the  East  India  Marchants :  he  transported  Sir 
Robert  Sherley  into  Persia. 

"  And  this  yeere  1614,  Sir  Th :  Gates  came  from  Vir- 
ginia into  England,  using  his  best  meanes  for  more  supplies 
to  continue  their  plantation,  having  left  behind  him  not  full 
400  men  of  all  that  were  sent  thither,  over  whom  Sir  Th. 
Dale  Knight,  a  valiant  souldier  &  discreet  Governour  had  the 
full  charge  and  rule. 

1  This  is  an  error.     It  shows  how  take.     Argall   and    Somers,    we    now 

close  the  affairs  of  the  company  were  know,  were  sent  to  the  Bermudas  from 

kept,  and  how  little  was  really  known  Virginia  at   the  same  time   in   June, 

to   the    public,    that   a   chronicler   of  1610. 
events  should  have  made  such  a  mis- 


ROBERT  RICH 
Second  Earl  of  IVarv.'ick 


i 


HOWES'  CHRONICLES.  751 

"  In  this  Plantation  there  were  builded  clivers  townes  & 
forts,  the  first  was  called  Jamestowne,  builded  by  Captaine 
Smith,  the  2.  other  Townes  were  called  Henricus  &  Charles, 
which  the  L.  De  la  Ware  builded.  At  this  time  their  sev- 
erall  discoveries  up  into  the  land  were  no  further  then  to  ye 
fals,  a  place  so  called  by  reason  of  the  fale  of  waters :  of 
which  Captaine  Smith,  sometime  president  there,  made  a 
map,  and  wrote  a  booke  of  every  particular  place,  &  of  all 
that  happened  there.^ 

"  And  amongst  other  of  worthy  memory  in  this  plantation, 
you  shall  understand  that  Captaine  Gosnoll,  a  brave  souldier 
and  very  ingenious,  spent  much  money  &  adventured  his 
person  &  drew  in  many  others,  at  the  beginning  of  this  plan- 
tation. Captaine  Argall  being  an  ingenious  active,  foward, 
young  gentleman,  amongst  other  his  discoveries  &  bringing 
of  victual,  from  the  enemy  to  the  CoUony,  which  at  ye  time 
was  Kke  to  have  perished  for  want  of  food,  he  tooke  a  French 
ship  a  pinace  which  had  brought  forces  to  plant  within 
the  English  Hmits :  he  razed  their  Forts  &  supplanted  them, 
for  their  comming  was  to  have  supplanted  the  English  Col- 
lonie.  He  also  the  last  yeere  tooke  the  daughter  of  the 
great  Powhatan  prisoner,  who  being  well  en- 
treated, became  a  Christian  ;  and  then  marryed  hatan  k  Is  it 
Ma.  Jo.  Rolfe  an  English  gentleman  in  James-  '^'ZZ.d'^' 
towne,  by  meanes  whereof  Powhatan  discharo^ed  commandeth 
&  sent  home  all  English  prisoners  m  most  kmd 
manner,  besides  the  generall  peace  which  ensued  upon  it. 
Through  the  singular  industrie  &  policy  of  Sir  Tho.  Dale 
being  marshall  of  Virginia  &  principal  commander  there. 
And  in  July  this  yeere  1614.  Captaine  Argall  brought  let- 
ters from  Sir  Tho.  Dale  &  others  certifying  the  Treasurer  & 
whole  Company  of  Virginia,  of  the  present  estate  of  their 
Collony  &  that  the  Eng'lish  were  nowe  become  ^  . 
laborious  &  industrious  &  were  plenteously  stored    time  the  Eng- 

1  That  is  CCXLV.  The  disasters  evidence  for  a  time,  especially  during 
which  befell  the  colony  and  the  uncer-  1612  -  15,  "  In  which  time  of  three 
tain  state  of  affairs  there  for  some  years  disaster,"  he  is  favorably  men- 
years   evidently  strengthened  Smith's  tioued  several  times. 


752  PERIOD   IV.     JULY,  1614-JULY,  1616. 


lish  were  with  foode  of  their  owne,  &  well  furnished 
sioathfuii  with  good  houses  in  sundry  places  for  their  habi- 
mtherperish  tatiou  &  most  juditiouslj  manifested  unto  the 
t'heif  *^ros^er  Company  the  just  cause  of  good  hope  and  great 
by  labour.i  profit  to  cusue  in  short  time  by  this  plantation, 
if  they  would  speedily  &  competently  supply  the  Collony, 
whereupon  there  was  sent  the  first  week  of  Nov.  this  yeere 
1614.  a  ship  with  34  men  &  11.  women,  with  apparell  & 
other  necessaries  for  the  rest  of  the  Collony  there  resident. 

"  And  thus  much  at  this  time  &  in  this  place,  touching 
this  plantation  shall  suffice,  by  reason  Maister  Hackluit, 
Captaine  Smith,  and  others,  have  written  sundry  ample  dis- 
courses thereof." 

On  page  942  Howes  writes  of  Newfoundland. 

On  page  943  of  Guiana  and  of  the  Northwest  Passage. 

On  pages  943-945  of  "  The  first  plantation  of  the  Eng- 
lish in  the  Barmodes  otherwise  called  the  Somer  Islands. 

"  In  the  yeare  1609  the  Adventurers  and  comj)anie  of 
Virginia  sent  from  London,  a  fleete  of  eight  shi23pes  with 
people  to  supplie  and  make  strong  the  Collonie  in  Virginia, 
Sir  Thomas  Gates,  being  generall  in  a  ship^Je  of  300  tun,  in 
this  ship  was  also  Sir  George  Somers,  who  was  AdmiraU, 
and  Captaine  New-porte  vice-Admirall,  &  with  them  about 
160.  persons,  this  ship  was  AdmiraU  and  kept  Companie 
with  the  rest  of  the  Fleet  to  the  height  of  30.  degrees  & 
being  then  assembled  to  consult  touching  divers  matters, 
they  were  surprised  with  a  most  extreme  violent  storme  which 
[p.  944]  scattered  the  whole  fleete,  yet  all  the  rest  of  the 
fleet  bent  their  course  for  Virginia,  where  by  God's  speciaU 
favoure  they  arived  safely,  but  this  great  shippe,  though 
new,  and  farre  stronger  then  any  of  the  rest,  fell  into  a 
great  leake,  so  as  Mariners,  and  passengers  were  forced  for 

^  I  do  not  believe  that  men  who  had  Council  of  Virginia  was  obliged  to 
the  courage  to  cross  the  Atlantic  in  the  give  out  in  order  to  smooth  over  or 
barks  of  those  days  were  made  of  such  conceal  the  real  difficulties  and  dan- 
stuff.  This  charge,  and  very  many  gers  by  which  tliey  were  environed, 
others  like  it,  are  directly  traceable  to  the  publicity  of  which  might  have  been 
the   "  varnishing  reports,"  which  the  fatal  to  the  enterprise. 


HOWES'  CHRONICLES.  753 

three  dayes  space,  to  doe  their  utmost  to  save  themselves, 
from  sudden  sinking  :  but  notwithstanding  their  incessant 
pumping  and  casting  out  of  water  by  Bucketts  and  all  other 
meanes,  yet  the  water  covered  all  the  goods,  within  the  hold, 
and  all  men  were  utterly  tired  and  spent  in  strengtli  and 
overcome  with  laboure  and  hopelesse  of  any  succoure,  most 
of  them  were  gone  to  sleepe,  yeeldiug  themselves  to  the  mercy 
of  the  Sea,  being  all  very  desierous  to  die  upon  any  shoare, 
wheresoever,  Sir  George  Sommers  sitting  at  the  Stearne, 
seeing  the  shippe  desperat  of  reliefe  looking  every  minute 
when  the  shippe  woulde  sinke,  hee  espyed  land,  which  ac- 
cording to  his  and  Captayne  Newports  oppinion,  they  judged 
it  should  be  that  dreadfull  coast  of  the  Bermodes,  which 
Islande  were  of  all  Nations,  said  and  supposed  to  be  in- 
chanted  and  inhabited  with  witches,  and  devills,  which  grew 
by  reason  of  accustomed  monstrous  Thunderstorme  and 
tempest,  neere  unto  those  Islands  also  for  that  the  whole 
coast  is  so  wunderous  daungerous  of  Rockes,  that  few  can 
approach  them,  but  with  unspeakeable  hazard  of  shippe 
wrack,  S""  George  Somers,  Sir  Thomas  Gates,  Captayne 
Newport,  and  the  rest,  suddainely  agreed  of  two  evills  to 
chuse  the  least,  and  so  in  a  kinde  of  desperat  res-  ^^  ^j^^g^  j^j 
olution,   directed  the  shippe  maynely  for  these   ^"'^^  *^«  ^^ 

T  1         1  1-11        r^      1        1-    •  -1  ^''^  "°*  ^b 

Islands,  wnicn  by  Gods  divme  providence,  at  a  and  flow  full 
hie  water  ran  right  betweene  two  strong  Rockes, 
where  it  stuck  fast  without  breaking,  which  gave  leasure 
and  good  oportunitie,  for  them  to  hoyce  out  their  boate,  and 
to  land  all  their  people  as  well  saylers,  as  souldiers,  and 
others  in  good  safety,  and  beeing  come  a  shoare,  they  were 
soone  refreshed  and  cheered,  the  soyle  and  aire  being  most 
sweet  and  delicate.  The  salt  water  did  great  spoyle  to  most 
of  the  shippes  lading  and  victuall,  yet  some  meale  was  well 
recovered  with  many  perticular  thinges  for  theire  common 
use  &  they  all  humbly  thanked  God  for  his  great  mercy,  in 
so  preserving  them  from  destruction. 

"  Then  presently  they  sought  farther  into  the  Island  for 
foode,  which  being  never  yet  inhabited  by  any  peoj)le,  was 


754  PERIOD  IV.    JULY,  1614-JULY,  1616. 

overgrowne  with  woods,  and  the  woods  replenished  with 
wilde  swine,  which  swine  as  it  is  very  probable  sworn  thither, 
out  of  some  shippe  wracke,  they  found  also  great  multitude 
of  fowle  of  sundry  kindes,  being  then  in  a  manner  very 
tame,  they  found  some  fruite,  as  mulberies,  peares,  and  Pal- 
mytoes,  with  stately  Ceader  Trees,  &  in  the  Sea,  and  in  the 
Rockes,  great  plenty  of  most  pleasant  and  holsome  fish. 

"  Here  of  necessity  they  were  constrayned  to  stay,  almost 
ten  moneths,  in  which  space  by  the  speciall  Mercy,  and 
divine  providence  of  almighty  God,  to  make  good  the  dis- 
covery of  these  Islands  unto  them,  that  they  by  diligence 
and  Industry,  saved  so  much  of  the  timber,  tacling,  and 
other  things  out  of  their  great  shippe  which  lay  wrackt,  and 
stuck  fast  betweene  two  Rockes,  as  there  withall,  and  with 
such  supply  of  stuffe  as  they  found  in  those  Islandes,  they 
builded  there  two  vessels,  the  lesser  ^  whereof  so  soone  as  it 
was  finished,  it  was  manned  and  sent  to  goe  to  the  Collony 
in  Virginia,  to  signifie  unto  them  how  all  thinges  had  hap- 
pened with  their  commaunders,  and  their  Company,  and 
that  they  would  shortly  set  sayle  for  Virginia,  but  what  be- 
came of  this  shippe  &  men  was  never  yet  knowne,  and  when 
the  bigger  vessel  was  finished,  and  victualed  with  swines 
flesh,  and  with  what  else  that  place  would  afford  them,  these 
Commaunders,  with  all  their  Company  imbarked  them- 
selves, and  by  Gods  great  mercy,  arived  safely  at  Virginia, 
when  all  Englishmen  deemed  them  to  be  utterly  cast  away. 

"  When  these  three  worthy  commaunders,  had  setled  the 
Collony,  then  Sir  George  Somers  returned  againe  to  the 
Bermodies,  where  he  dyed  of  a  surfeit,  viz,  eating  Porke : 
his  ship  returned,  having  left  three  men  there  to  keepe  pos- 
session of  those  Islands. 

"  These  Islands  are  within  the  limits  of  Virginia,  and  the 
Company  finding  land  enough  to  plant  uppon  the  maine  in 
Virginia,  soulde  these  Islands  of  the  Bermodyes  unto  120 

^  An  error.  This  reference  is  to  the  shipwreck.  Both  of  the  vessels  built 
long  boat  which  was  sent  "  as  a  Barke  on  the  island  went  to  Virginia  in  May, 
of  Aviso  for  Virginia,"  soon  after  the     IGIO. 


HOWES'  CHRONICLES.  755 

persons  *  of  the  same  Companie,  who  since  that  time  they 
obtayned  a  Charter,"  and  so  they  now  hold  those  Islands 
from  his  Maiestie.  And  in  April  1612.  the  sayd  newe 
Company  sent  thither  a  ship  with  60.  persons,  who  arryved 
and  remained  there  very  safely. 

"  And  when  the  said  new  Company  was  truly  informed 
of  the  wholesomnesse  of  the  Ayre  and  pleasantnesse  of  the 
soyle,  and  the  aptnesse  thereof,  of  itself e  in  all  respects  to 
maintaine  a  Collony,  the  ground  being  so  fertile  that  it  will 
yeeld  two  harvests  in  one  yeere :  great  plentie  of  woods  and 
loftie  Cedars :  wellstored  with  fowle  and  great  plenty  of 
good  fish ;  and  that  besides  the  f  ertilitie  of  the  soyle,  which 
they  had  tryed,  would  beare  with  great  encrease,  all  kind 
of  English  grayne,  fruites,  trees,  beaches,  and  vines  besides 
the  great  store  of  Ambergreece,  and  some  pearle,  which  is 
found  there :  they  sent  yeerely  supplies  thither  of  men  and 
some  women,  with  all  things  necessarie  for  so  worthy  a 
plantation,  so  as  at  this  time  there  are  sixe  hundred  persons 
well  fortified,  with  plentie  of  great  ordinance,  being  nowe 
verie  well  able  to  resist  a  proud  daring  adversarie,  by  reason 
there  are  but  two  Inlets,  and  they  both  so  narrow,  as  but 
one  ship  can  come  in  at  once  into  the  harbour,  and  the  Isl- 
ands are  invironed  with  Rockes  unaccessable,  and  within 
there  is  a  most  excellent  harbour,  for  a  Navie  of  great  Ships. 

"The    great    Island    is    divided    into   eight   Cantons,  or 
Tribes,  bearing  the  name  of   eight  of  the  chiefe    The  Bermo- 
Planters,  viz.  The  Earle  of  Northampton's  Tribe,    abou^soo 
The  Earle  of  Pembrookes  Tribe,  The  Lord  Paffet,    poo  ?] 

■'  o      •'     leagues  irom 

The  Lord  Candish  [p.  944  (?  945)],  Lord  Harring-   Virginia. 
ton,  Syr  Thomas  Smith,  Syr  Robert  Mansell  and  Syr  Edmn 

^  See  under  November  25,  1612.  it  confused  with  the  Virginia  charter 

2  Their  charter  passed  the  seals  June  of  March,  1612.     Howes  probably  did 

29,  1615.     It  was  probably  understood  his  best  ;  but  he  certainly  makes  sev- 

that  a  charter  would  be  granted  at  the  eral  errors.      Reliable   evidence   was 

time  of  the  surrender  to  the  crown  on  evidently  not  obtainable  at  that  time, 

November  23,  1614.     But  Howes'  ac-  nor  afterwards  ;   but  by  collating  to- 

count  is  confusing  ;  he  seems  to  place  gether  all  the  evidence  now  obtaina- 

'ihe   granting   of   this   charter   before  ble,   I   believe   correct   ideas  may  be 

April,  1612,  and  I  suppose  has  gotten  arrived  at. 


756  PERIOD   IV.    JULY,  1614-JULY,  1616. 

Sands  Tribe.  Some  of  the  lesser  Isles  are  one  mile  and 
some  2.  and  3.  miles  of  ground,  in  which  if  they  digge, 
they  find  good  fresh  water.  The  Company  hath  by  this 
time  spent  twentie  thousand  jDOunds  in  this  plantation  and 
purchase. 

"  The  Company  named  these  Islands  by  the  name  of  the 
Somer  Islands :  they  lie  in  32.  degrees  of  the  North  Lati- 
tude : 

"  Richard  Moore  was  sent  thither  as  Dej)utie  Governor 
there  for  the  Company  [?].  Syr  Thomas  Smith,  Knight  was 
then  [?]  Governor,  and  Master  William  Caning  the  deputie 
governor  of  this  Company." 

On  page  945,  Howes  says :  "  Amongst  the  manifoulde 
Tokens  and  Sig'nes  of  the  infinite  Blessinsfs  of  Almig-htie 
God  bestowed  uppon  this  kingdome,  by  the  wondrous  and 
mercifull  establishing  of  peace  within  ourselves,  and  the 
full  benefitte  of  Concord  with  all  Christian  nations,  and 
others,  of  all  which  graces  let  no  man  dare  to  presume  he 
can  speake  too  much,  whereof  in  truth  there  can  never  be 
enough  said."  Among  the  fruits  of  the  peace  he  mentions, 
"  The  universall  increase  of  commerce,  and  trafique  through- 
out the  kingdome,  great  building  or  royall  shijjs  by  private 
merchants,  the  repeopling  of  citties,  Townes  &  Villages, 
besides  the  undiscernable  and  sudden  encrease  of  fayre  and 
costly  buildings,  as  well  within  the  citty  of  London,  as  in 
the  suburbs  thereof :  ...  as  also  the  Plantation  of  Eng- 
lish in  Ireland,  Virginia,  and  Newfound  Lande,  and  in  the 
Bermodes,  the  discovery  of  the  North  West  passage,"  etc. 

Howes  published,  about  May,  1618,  "  The  Abridgement 
of  the  English  Chronicle,  First  collected  by  M.  John  Stow, 
and  after  him  augmented  with  very  many  memorable  An- 
tiquities, and  continued  with  matters  forreine  and  domesti- 
call,  unto  the  beginning  of  the  yeare,  1618.  .  .  .  Imprinted 
at  London  for  the  Company  of  Stationers,  1618."  I  have 
given  tlie  references  to  the  Virginia  enterprises  in  this  work 
under  the  various  dates  referred  to.  See  extracts  from 
Howes'  Chronicles,  abridged. 


COMPLAINTS  AGAINST  THE  FRENCH.  757 

CCCXXXII.   EDMONDES  TO  WINWOOD. 

Sir  Thomas  Edmoncles  to  Secretary  Sir  Ralph  Winwood. 
Paris,  France,  December  12,  1614. 

[  Account  of  his  conference  Avith  Mons.  de  ViUeroy  and 
audience  of  the  King  and  Queen  of  France,  in  reference 
to  sundry  complaints  of  the  French  against  His  Majesty's 
subjects.] 

..."  Whereunto  she  [the  Queen]  made  me  no  other 
answeere  then  that  the  complaints  were  great  which  she 
received  of  the  spoyles  which  were  committed  upon  the 
ffrench  by  his  Majesties  subjects,  as  she  was  forced  to  make 
an  extraordinarie  instance  for  the  redresse  of  the  same."  — 
English  State  Paper  Ofiice. 

CCCXXXIII.   EXTRACT  FROM  STATIONERS'   RECORDS. 

"  A  further  sum  of  £45.  was  subscribed  to  the  Virginia 
enterprise,  from  the  trading  stock  of  The  Stationers  in 
1614  [exact  date  not  given]  ;  but  no  return  appears  to 
have  been  received." 

Extract  from  a  letter  from  the  clerk  of  the  company. 

CCCXXXIV.   EDMONDES  TO  WINWOOD. 

Sir  Thomas  Edmondes  to  Secretary  Sir  Ralph  Winwood. 
Paris,  France,  December  30,  1614. 

"  I  send  your  Honour  herewith  a  Copie  of  the  Memoriall 
which  I  have  exhibited  to  Monsieur  de  ViUeroy,  of  as  many 
both  generall  and  particular  Complaintes,  as  I  could  call  to 
remembrance." 

CCCXXXV.   COMPLAINTS  AGAINST  THE   FRENCH. 

[Inclosure.]  "Memorial  of  Complaints  concerning  the 
subjects  of  the  King  of  Great  Britain,  which  his  Majesties 
Ambassador  presents  to  their  Majesties  [of  France]  and  the 


758  PERIOD   IV.    JULY,  1614-JULY,  1616. 

Lords  of  the  Council,  in  order  that  it  may  please  them  to 
give  orders  to  have  said  complaints  redressed  and  prevented 
in  future." 

This  is  a  document  in  French,  of  twenty-one  pages,  some 
of  the  complaints  dating  back  twenty-five  years.  They 
include  the  following,  namely  :  — 

"  In  the  year  1606  Sir  Ferdinando  Gorge  (sic)  Governor 
of  the  city  of  Plimuth  (sic)  and  some  others  having  equipped 
and  put  to  sea  a  vessel  of  the  said  town  called  The  Richard, 
under  the  command  of  one  called  Captain  Chalonour  to 
trade  and  obtain  a  footino;  on  the  coast  of  Viro-inia,  this 
vessel,  sailing  on  the  high  seas,  was  met  with  and  taken 
with  all  the  merchandise  and  provisions  that  were  on  boord, 
amounting  to  the  value  of  14.000  or  15.000  francs,  by 
another  vessel,  belonging  to  two  merchants  from  St  Malo, 
called  Louis  and  Servant  Graves,  being  commanded  by  one 
called  Alphonse  Camache,  who  took  the  foresaid  vessel  as  a 
prize,  to  Bordeaux,  where  as  soon  as  the  men  of  the  crew 
of  the  former  saw  themselves  at  liberty,  one  of  them,  called 
Tucker,  proceeded  against  the  said  Camache  before  the 
Parhament  of  that  place,  so  as  to  obtain  justice  against  him. 
But  after  having  continued  his  lawsuit  there  for  the  space 
of  two  years,  he  was  non-suited  by  sentence  of  the  20*^  Feb- 
ruary 1609,  because  he  had  not  been  able  to  furnish  secur- 
ity of  such  an  amount  and  within  such  a  time  as  was  asked 
of  him,  notwithstanding  that  he  offered  shortly  after  suffi- 
cient security."  —  English  State  Paj)er  Office. 

CCCXXXVI.   EXTRACT  FROM   ALEXANDER'S  DOOMSDAY. 

Extract  from  Sir  William  Alexander's  poem  called 
"  Doomsday,"  probably  written  in  1614  :  — 

"  In  this  last  age,  Time  doth  new  worlds  display, 
That  Christ  a  church,  o'er  all  the  Earth  may  have, 
His  righteousness  shall  barbarous  realms  away, 
If  their  first  love,  more  civil  lands  will  leave, 
America  to  Europe  may  succeed, 
God  may  of  stones  raise  up  to  Abram,  seed." 


LETTER  FROM  LEWIS  HUGHES.  759 


CCCXXXVII.   EXTRACT  FROM  COOKE'S  TUQUOQUE. 

Extract  from  "  Greenes  Tuquoqiie,  or  The  Cittie  Gal- 
lant. As  it  hath  beene  divers  times  acted  by  the  Queenes 
Maiesties  Servants.  Written  by  John  Cooke,  gent,  [the 
actor]  Printed  at  London   .  .  .   1614." 

One  of  the  characters  says :  "  I  dare  not  walk  abroad  to 
see  my  friends,  for  fear  the  sergeants  should  take  acquaint- 
ance of  me ;  my  refuge  is  Ireland  or  Virginia." 

[Mem.  —  The  Margaret  and  other  vessels  returned  from 
the  Bermudas  in  the  summer,  fall,  and  winter  of  1614  ; 
bringing  back  Master  George  Berkeley,  Captain  Daniel 
Elfrith,  and  others.] 


CCCXXXVIII.   GONDOMAR  TO  PHILIP  III. 

GENERAL  ARCHIVES  OF  SIMANCAS.     DEPARTMENT  OF  STATE, 
VOLUME  259S,    FOLIO  23. 

Copy  of  an  extract  from  a  deciphered  letter  of  Don  Diego 
Sarmiento  de  Acuiia  to  the  King  of  Spain,  dated  Lon- 
don, February  10,  1615. 

"  Sire. 
..."  We  expect  Don  Diego  de  Molino  with  the  first 
ship  coming  from  Virginia.  That  Colony  continues  daily 
losing  more  of  its  credit,  and  I  am  told  that  even  the 
energy  with  which  the  Colony  of  Bermuda  began  is  no 
longer  as  great,  because  they  do  not  find  there  the  advan- 
tages which  they  expected."  ... 

CCCXXXIX.   LETTER  FROM   LEWIS   HUGHES. 

"  A  Letter  sent  into  England  from  the  Summer  Islands 
written  by  M""  Lewis  Hughes,  Preacher  of  God's  Word 
there,  1615.  Printed  at  London  by  J.  B.  for  William 
Welby,  and'are  to  be  sold  at  his  shop  at  the  signe  of  the 


760  PERIOD  IV.    JULY,  1614-JULY,  1616. 

Swanne  in  Paules  Church  Yard  1615."  The  letter  is  dated 
December  21,  1614,  and  extracts  from  it  are  given  in  Le- 
froy's   '"  Memorials  of  the  Bermudas,"  vol.  ii.  pp.  577-580. 

[Mem.  —  Captain  Argall  in  the  Treasurer  sailed  for  Vir- 
ginia about  February,  1615.] 


CCCXL.    MINUTE  OF  THE  PRIVY  COUNCIL. 

On  February  19,  I6I5,  the  Privy  Council  made  the  follow- 
ing minute :  — 

"  Whereas  it  pleased  their  Lordships  some  moneths  past  ^ 
at  the  humble  suite  of  the  Colony  of  Virginia  to  gyve  order 
for  the  writing  of  certaine  letters  unto  the  several  cittyes  and 
Townes  of  the  Kingdome  inviting  and  persuading  the  In- 
habitants thereof  to  adventure  in  a  certeyne  Lotterye,  such 
somes  of  moneye  as  they  should  think  fitting  according  to 
the  rules  enclosed  in  the  sayd  Letters,  thereby  the  better  to 
enable  ye  sayd  Comj)anye  to  proceede  in  that  Plantation  of 
Virofinia :  — 

"  And  forasmuch  as  upon  further  consideration  it  was  com- 
manded by  the  Boarde,  that  staye  should  be  made  of  the 
sayd  Letters,  until  further  order  might  be  given  on  that 
behalfe.  It  was  this  day  (upon  the  humble  suite  of  Sir 
Thomas  Smith,  with  the  rest  of  the  Company  of  Virginia) 
thought  fitting,  and  so  accordingly  ordered,  that  the  sayd 
letters  should  forthwith  be  delivered  unto  Sir  Thomas  Smith, 
to  thj  end  they  might  be  sent,  and  dispersed  according  to 
their  several  directions."  —  From  Neill's  "  Virginia  Ve- 
tusta,"  p.  199. 

CCCXLI.     PRIVY  COUNCIL  TO  CANTERBURY. 

FEOM    GREEN'S    AND    SAINSBURY'S    CALENDARS     OF    STATE 

PAPERS. 

White  Hall,  February  22,  1615. 

"  The  Privy  Council  to  the  Mayor  and  Aldermen  of  Can- 
terbury." 

1  See  CCCI. 


CU 

u 

1) 

^ 

eft 

XJ 

» 

n! 

& 

--'      o 
-     tr- 


o  ^   P.  n 


.5  ■£  ^ 


-5  .h    '^  ~  •- 


12    *j    i3     OJ     5 


J      1^ 


-a  .s    o  -^  ^ 


(U      (U 


^    ,Q    X)    /3      C 


>>  Xl 

OJ 

>, 

u 

c 

'I 

rt 

3 

■^ 

rt 

■" 

o 

0) 
> 

0) 

_C 

<i) 

O 

o 

ai 

i= 

^ 

a 

• 

>.J3 

f/; 

0) 

^ 

TD 

&, 

O 

^ 

■^ 

s 

U) 

^ 

a) 

C 

'^ 

^ 

£ 

'•/ 

O 

X 
'? 

o 

(L> 

3 

S 

Cfl 

J3 

^ 

T3 

> 

rt 

C/J 

— 

1> 

rt 

C 

05 
S 

^ 
K 

<U 

p. 

cy 

^ 

-O 

O 

(1) 

h 

3 
in 

o 

(U 

«) 

f-H 

P  .5   S  ^   ? 


>  :s  "H  " 


J3      *J      <U      3       - 

*^     3     irl     C«     9 


a    to  ^ 


rt    <u     iS   =    1) 

.c    a    a    d    3 


J-     3    J-    —  uj 


■u  .52  "a    5    0) 


H)    J3     rt     rt     3 


-C     •„     O     o 


^     0)     O    •  — 


cT   ■£    Cfi      <D      V 


E  •= 


a 

.5  e 


TO        4-*      "^ 

=     rt    ^    .3 


X      O    -3     ^ 


a  *:    lA  :j3    g.  js    x; 


o  o 


oooooooooo 

OUOCJOUOOOtJ 

ddddddoddd 

OOOOOOOLOMw 
Lo  O   O   lo  n  ci   »" 


4)    (U 

^■^      ' 

3    r3        1-    '3 

a    • 

•  73  *^y=!  != 

rtpq  . 

■   rt^   a;3 

>r| 

-!-= 

•>^l-? 

E<-         U)       -1-1       ■"     ^         1-H         J- 
_^   &  OJ   0)   3        ti   ^ 

-3  ^ ■£ ■£ !3  too  ^ 


_N  O  o  O 

CU      y  <->  y 

<U  4)  <u   o 

^  tn  uT  -p  • 

O    QJ  CL)  tU    ^ 

N    N  [>j  N    rt 


0 

o 

O  j3 

^ 

J= 

o 

TO 

(Tt 

OJ 

<u 

^■,n 

t/) 

«;     N 

<D 

0) 

n.t 


Qj     aj    NJ     N    N    *^ 


a  •;:  -c  -u  an 


'PhPhJh 


oooc 

.    .    .    .  o  o 


i-i     PI     Tj-  — 


1-1     (t)     0)   'O   -1, 

22    >    t;    «j  ^ 

p     nj     O     il     rt 


c     v^     u     aj     tz 


2  -^^  •£ 
'^  ""  t!  "1 

^  ="  t«  rt 


c  e  -S 


-q  >2    Si 


D 


a>    1)   "i;    - 


in    o 

O      "^ 
ho 


O)     ""    '-'     3 

4.)       3      j_,       i-       <u 


<u  ^    a,  S 

£    "o    -G     t« 
-•  •  •     <u 


-O  ™    3      O    ^ 

-^    ^    ^     O     g     M 


O     lU 


*;       0) 


rt    .3     S    j: 


.22    * 


en-  >^  2  - 

<U  C  VI.' 

.2  "!  C  O 

iH  _  O) 

f^  -S  .S  3 

5    3  ^  ca  .x)  -a  ° 

en     u3  <u  (U  i 

*-•     0)  u  J-"  — 

3   ^  p  rt  > 


a^^ 


^      0) 


--;     .       rt     rt    ■" 


.2  ^  -5  .-a   <u 


3      i;      <L)      cj 

OJ        --        r- 

5     tn 


<l>       ^     ^     H-i       ^ 


3 

^ 

V 

.^ 

n! 

o 

T3 

O 

OJ 

3 

flj 

-3 

t^ 

-^ 

o 

3 

v-/ 

a 

^O 

^ 

O 

''^J 

i-i 

.a 

3 

(U 

> 

O 

U     vS 


""     (U    -S 

-3  t;  ^ 

.-3      O      3 


3      '^ 

"o 

C 

S-i 

O 

3 

in 

fn 

3 

(U 

in 

§ 

3 

C 

l-i 

S 

o 

o" 

-1 

z;   3   a  o 


■s    tp 


S     to    is    T3 


^    i    ;:  T3  -3 


3  ^    i;    (J 


rt   _«   -U    o   ^ 


^     u  rt    ^ 

5  —  ^  E 

>-  "a  c    o 

>,  o  o    >- 

5  .?  w^ 


i.     tfl     1)     >>   <u 
P    -S    rt    o    i;  ^ 


■^     i-B     s  ^  1  i 


.)1 


^    o     - 


■^ 


O    "S 


o     «  ^ 


aj    -'   ■-:    o    0)    n    s 
J    ^    ra    55    -^  ^    u 


rt     > 


«J     O       ,  ^^ 


^     C     S     O     O     == 


■a  -^   i> 


-a  -^  ^  ►P 


*<"  '3  •-    "5:    -" 


?  S    ra    -*- 


3 

0 

rr 

0 

0 

__ 

rt 

rt 

01 

^ 

C 

aj 

Si 

Ci 

S) 

^ 

o    rt    2    o  «    o 
*^  Ml    o    a, 


s     in 

'5)  '^ 

>  s 


<U  o 

fC  u 

It  "? 

O  4j 


•5  •>'    5    5  -^ 


le 


^  •£>.  -3   "  "^   £ 


2    5  1, 


0) 


-r:   -c    <" 


5J      i.    --• 


S   <     Ji    £ 


J^      (U    -53      c« 


.-  ^  na    *i    -  j; 


U     Cm 


—   _c    £     rt     ij 
Cu    *^    '^    J=     >- 


:=    ="   zl    (o  ■"  -5    rt 


i   ^  =« 


e  ^ 


o   ^ 


(U      o      u      0 


'"     3    .5 


^      <U      ^    J3 


■5  £- 


D    ?;    0)  .—  .-3    o    o 


.N     > 


1)   ■^ 


<u    tj    -j^ 

o  '5  ■£ 


^  ^  3  2  iJ   c 


CO     c 


"     2    73    (^   T3     iH    -5 
^"    C     cfl     C     <u     '^ 

'§  jf  p  u  .=  i;  ° 


fc-     o    — 

o    .-^ 


o    =  ^  IS 
♦J  •—    o 
V.    P  U 


rt     s     ,> 

r-    —    _-     OJ     !2     ^ 


ir 


If- 


t«  .u 


"S    o 


<    £ 


M  n 


^  S  S 

000 


■•<■  ro  fi 


S      ^      ^    -3 


a>    I 

3 


5J  c 


0)  — 


0)  HJ  tn     • 

^ 2      '^ 

CJ      OJ  23  ■""  M-i  P-i 
^     -S'^    ^    O    ^ 

r;        ciS  J-.      o 


^      x:    .js 


■£=■££ 

<U    ^    ^    r3    <!)    C  '+-< 


•^  3:2 


tn    3 


^    O    5  5^ 

f-    C    ^    U    t. 

f-l      f-l  i 


o  (u 

1  &u^  o 

i  rt  S  «  H 


=  o  S=  S-  rt-i;  Si 


cj  jfl 


:3r 

:  4-  -a  G  te 


.  ^r::   .     ^     ^-Hajt3:>     .k/" 


-";  °^   )I 

'       •"      ^j     ^-!^e~t-ro:;;  ,-io 
^  'US  , 


—       .     Cj     C3 


o  3  •"'  2    ■  —       2i  — 


-s        ==   P-C^' 


s  < 


^  i  ^s  lilies  I 

H  P  H 


2Bo 


^  o 


V  a  u 
■^  js  ^  '■ 


m 


Si  rt  wj 
o  -a  D 


-4->         «1 


^     O     D    X! 


O      ^      4)      o 


5    &    o 


J-    >    £    p 


^    o   ^ 


to  ~  ^    o 

,■*     rt  'J-     -JO 

y  -^  o  rt 

il  2- 
t,.  -  -n  ^ 


1)     u 


M-3   £ 


^  ■£  ■£  .S  "*  £  "* 
•^  ^       '3  14-1  '^^  "S 


i:    o 


^       '=  ^  13    5    S 


■n    rt        ^ 


rt    ^  ;=:    tn 


o&2c"o-£.22c2° 


o  ^   .« 


^;5 


—  rt    '5 


P    -5 


D     tn 
'—    'C 

<u     PI 


OS     >     iJ     3 


.«     rS     rt 


01 

^  '5 


o  ^  >,           —  P 

-  3  O      SP     0)  P 

j3  o  ir     3     >_■  U 

;*  ^5  ti  T    3  . 


*-" 

0 

c 

P 

3 
0 

>*-- 

c-i 

-a 
0 

tn 

tn 

V 

0 

J5 

1) 

rt 
^ 

tu 

>^ 

53 

:/: 

bO 

3 
P 

^ 

bO 

3 

IS 

0) 

.2 

"tn 

^ 

<4-l 

rt 

3 

tl, 

P      ^ 


5  -C 

*^  •£  ■ 

O   2: 

53   73 
a,  -r 

tn     ? 

O    a..    • 
^    O 


e   nS     i> 


<u     3     tn 


•5   e 


rt 

tn 

!U 

UJ 

XJ 

3. 

'J 

•q. 

tn 

11 
tn 

0) 

t5 

c 

0 
0- 

£ 

0 

g 

0) 

.;< 

^ 

0 

u 

St! 

f) 

c 

^ 

ID 

m 

0 

0 

3 

0 

tn 

3 

3    ti    =    3 

Q     (U     rt     o 
U    -^   £    tn 


S  •= 


^     0    ly   __ 
£  ^  ^  r= 


<U     ij     ^    Cl,      O    --i 

-p     p  _  o 


^  .2 


CO      3     r^  ^ 


30P<]J-P^^0-;::t;p 
..     ■"    -^     ?     "^     O    -P    -3      ^    ■„     ti 


--     S     nj 


^  ^  2e 


> 

P 

t-. 

g 

«-»-» 

lU 

rt 

0 

~ 

ID 

n 

tn 

^ 

C 

r^ 

0 

br, 

0 

i~4 

> 

tn 

P 

r- 

>> 

>^ 

■a 

-i^ 

Ci 

2 

0 

'^ 

0 

tn 

w 

rt 

i"^       -£l^rt  &. 


>    --;     *j     O)     rt 


J2      tn    rg 


•n       (L)       C       /n       O 


H    ^^    u    B-  ^  ^ 


3   x:    rt    ^ 


•^  ^    5  -^ 


l)  l-J 


rt  .ii    ii 


g  ^   ^  2  ■£   o 


p  o 
2   cj 


-C    rt  -5  ^'    3  "S  >i5 


S  H  -53 


u  to  a 
2  -  >- 

o     rt     o 


O    ■~ 


P    ^"  .P   ,:<! 

■g   3    tp  5 

tu     '— •  —      r? 


e 


i-J    '-'  -n   4-r 


p    I*     - 

tn   ip   ^ 


0)     aj 
"     rt 


=  5  0. 

"^    J5    ,Q 


A  DECLARATION  FOR  THE  LOTTERY.       761 

Abstract :  '  Send  a  True  declaration  of  the  state  of  the 
English  Colony  in  Virginia/  together  with  a  project  by  help 
of  a  lottery,  to  bring  that  work  to  the  success  desired. 

*  Commend  that  worthy  and  Christian  enterprise  to  their 
care,  and  retpiire  that  they  will  employ  their  best  endeavors 
to  persuade  persons  of  ability  to  adventure  in  the  lottery. 
Inclose  from  the  Treasurer  and  Council  of  Virginia,  books 
requisite  for  registering  the  sums  adventured,  which  it  is 
requested  may  be  returned  with  the  money  collected.' 

CCCXLIL  A  DECLARATION  FOR  THE  LOTTERY. 

I  am  convinced  that  this  was  first  entered  for  publication 
March  9,  1614  (see  under  that  date),  and  was  soon  after 
distributed  among  the  London  companies.  It  was  probably 
again  printed  February  22,  1615  (with  the  needed  changes 
in  date,  etc.,  I  suppose),  for  distribution  among  the  various 
cities,  towns,  etc. 

"  A  Declaration  for  the  certaine  time  of  drawing;  the 
great  standing  Lottery.  —  [With  an  engraved  heading  of 
Eiatintomino  and  Matahan,  the  Council  Seal  and  symbols 
of  the  lottery.] 

*'  Once,  in  one  State,  as  of  one  Stem, 
Meere  Strangers  from  Jerusalem, 
As  Wee,  were  Yee  ;  till  Others  Pittie 
Sought,  and  brought  You  to  That  Cittie. 

"  Deere  Britaines,  now,  be  You  as  kinde ; 
Bring  Light,  and  Sight,  to  Us  yet  blinde  : 
Lead  Us,  by  Doctrine  and  Behaviour, 
Into  one  Sion,  to  one  Saviour. 

"  It  is  apparent  to  the  World,  by  how  many  former  Pub- 
lications we  manifested  our  intents  to  have  drawne  out  the 
Great  standing  Lotterie  long  before  this  day  :  Which  not 
falling  out  as  ourselves  desired  and  others  expected,  whose 
moneyes  are  already  adventured  therein,  We  thought  good 
therefore  for  avoiding  all  unjust  and  sinister  constructions 

1  CCCXLIL  see  also  CCCL 


762  PERIOD  IV.    JULY,  1614-JULY,  1616. 

to  resolve  tlie  doubts  of  al  indifferent  minded  in  three 
speciall  points  for  their  better  satisfaction.  The  first  is,  for 
as  much  as  the  adventures  came  in  so  slackly  with  such 
poore  and  barren  receits  of  moneys  at  the  Lottery  house  for 
this  twelve  moneth  past,  that  without  too  much  prejudice  to 
ourselves  and  the  adventurers  in  lessening  the  blankes  & 
prizes,  We  found  no  meanes  nor  abiHty  to  proceed  in  any 
competent  proportion,  but  of  necessity  are  driven  to  the 
Honourable  Lords  by  petition,  Who  out  of  their  Noble  care 
and  disposition  to  further  that  publike  plantation  of  Vir- 
ginia, have  recommended  their  letters  to  the  Counties,  cities 
and  good  Townes  in  England.  Which  we  hope  by  sending 
in  their  Voluntarie  adventurers,  will  sufficiently  make  that 
supply  of  helpe,  which  otherwise  we  should  not  in  any  rea- 
sonable time  have  effected. 

"  The  second  poynt  for  satisfaction  to  all  honest  and  wel 
affected  minds,  is,  that  notwithstanding  this  our  meanes  of 
Lottery,  answered  not  our  hopes,  yet  have  we  not  failed  in 
that  Christian  care  of  the  Colony  in  Virginia,  to  whom  wee 
have  lately  made  tw^o  sundry  supplies  of  men  and  provi- 
sions. Where  wee  doubt  not  but  they  are  all  in  health  and 
in  so  good  a  way  with  corne  and  cattell  to  subsist  of  them- 
selves, that  were  they  now  but  a  while  supplied  with  more 
hands  and  materials,  we  should  tlie  sooner  resolve  upon  a 
division  of  the  country  by  lot,  and  so  lessen  the  Generall 
charge,  by  leaving  each  several  tribe  or  family  to  husband 
and  manure  his  owne. 

"  The  third  and  last  is  our  constant  resolution,  that  see- 
ing our  credits  are  now  so  farre  engaged  to  the  Honour- 
able Lords  &  to  the  whole  State  for  the  drawing  and  accom- 
plishment of  this  great  standing  Lotterie,  Which  we  intend 
shall  be  our  last  of  all  standing  Lotteries  for  this  Planta- 
tion, that  our  time  fixed  and  determined  for  accomplishing 
thereof,  shall  be,  if  God  permit,  without  longer  delay,  the 
26.  of  June  next,  being  in  Trinity  tearme,  desiring  all  such 
as  have  undertaken  with  bookes  to  soHcite  their  friends,  and 
all  such  as  intend  the  prosperity  of  that  worthie  Plantation, 


A  DECLARATION  FOR  THE  LOTTERY.       763 

that  they  will  not  withhold  their  monies  till  the  last  weeke 
or  moneth  be  expired,  lest  we  be  unwillingly  forced  to  pro- 
portion a  lesse  value  and  number  of  our  blankes  and  prizes 
wiiich  hereafter  follow. 

"  And  whosoever  under  one  name  or  posie  shall  adventure 
twelve  pounds  ten  shillings  or  upward,  if  he  please  to  leave 
&  remit  his  Prizes  and  Rewards,  bee  they  more  or  lesse, 
the  Lottery  being  drawne  out,  he  shall  have  a  bill  of  Adven- 
ture to  Virginia,  for  the  like  sum  he  adventured,  &  shall 
be  free  of  that  Company,  &  have  his  part  in  all  Lands,  & 
all  other  profits  hereafter  arising  thence  according  to  his 
adventure  of  twelve  pounds  ten  shillings  or  upwards. 

"  Whosoever  is  behinde  with  the  payment  of  any  sum  of 
money  promised  heretofore  to  be  adventured  to  Virginia, 
if  hee  adventure  in  this  Lotterie  the  double  of  that  sum  & 
make  payment  thereof  in  ready  money  to  Sir  Thomas  Smith, 
Knight,  Treasurer,  for  Virginia,  he  shall  be  discharged  of 
the  foresaid  summe  so  promised  to  have  been  adventured 
to  Virginia,  and  of  all  actions  and  damages  therefrom  aris- 
ino%  and  have  also  the  benefit  of  all  Prizes  and  Rewards 
whatsoever  in  this  Lottery,  due  by  reason  of  the  like  sum 
which  he  shall  bring  in,  and  yet  notwithstandinge,  if  after 
the  Lottery  drawne,  he  list  to  remit  all  his  said  Prizes  and 
Rewards,  he  shall  have  a  bill  of  Adventure  to  Virginia,  for 
the  said  entire  summe  according  to  the  last  preceding  Ar- 
ticle. 

"  And  if  upon  too  much  delay  of  the  adventurers  to  fur- 
nish this  Lottery,  We  be  driven  to  draw  the  same  before  it 
be  full,  then  we  purpose  to  shorten  both  blanks  and  Prizes 
in  an  equall  proportion,  according  to  that  wherein  we  shall 
come  short,  bee  it  more  or  lesse,  that  neither  the  Adventur- 
ers may  be  defrauded  nor  ourselves  as  in  the  former,  any- 
way wronged. 

"  The  Prizes,  Welcomes  &  Rewards  shall  be  paid  in  ready 
money,  Plate,  or  other  goods  reasonably  rated.  If  any  dis- 
like of  the  said  Plate  or  other  Goods,  he  shall  have  ready 
money  for  the  same,  abating  onely  a  tenth  part ;  except  in 


764 


PERIOD  IV.    JULY,  1614-JULY,  1616. 


small  Prizes  of  tenne  Crownes  or  under,  wherein  nothing 
shall  be  abated  them. 

"  The  money  for  Adventures  is  to  be  paid  to  Sir  Thomas 
Smith,  Knight,  Treasurer  for  Virginia  at  his  house  in  Phil- 
pot  lane ;  or  to  such  officers  as  shall  be  appointed  to  at- 
tend for  that  purpose  at  the  Lottery  house  :  or  to  such  other 
as  shall  elsewhere,  for  the  ease  of  the  countrey,  be  author- 
ized under  the  seale  of  the  company,  for  receipt  thereof. 

"  The  Prizes,  Welcomes  &  Rewards  being  drawne  they 
shall  be  jDaid  by  The  Treasurer  for  Virginia,  without  delay, 
whensoever  they  shall  be  demanded. 

"  And  for  the  better  expedition  to  make  our  sum  compleat, 
as  wel  to  hasten  the  drawing  of  our  Lottery,  as  chiefly  to 
inable  us  the  sooner  to  make  good  supplies  to  the  Colonic 
in  Virginia  :  Whosoever  under  one  name  or  posie  shall 
bring  in  ready  money  three  pounds,  either  to  the  Lottery 
house,  or  to  any  Collector,  the  same  party  receiving  their 
money,  for  every  three  pounds  so  received,  shall  render  them 
presently  a  silver  spoone  of  6.  shillings,  8  pence  price,  or  6. 
shiUings  8.  pence  in  money. 


Welcomes. 

To  him  that  first  shall  bee  drawne  out  with  a  Blanke     100.  crownes. 

To  the  second 50.  crownes. 

To  the  third 

To  him  that  every  day  during  the  drawing  of  this  Lot- ) 
tery  shall  be  first  drawne  out  with  a  Blanke  ) 


Prizes. 


1.  Great  Prize  of 

2.  Great  Prizes,  each  of 
4.  Great  Prizes,  each  of 
6.  Great  Prizes,  each  of 

10.  Prizes,  each  of     . 
20.  Prizes,  each  of 
100.  Prizes,  each  of     . 
200.  Prizes,  each  of 
400.  Prizes,  each  of    . 
1,000.  Prizes,  each  of 
1,000.  Prizes,  each  of     . 


1^5. 

crownes. 

10. 

crownes. 

4.500. 

crownes. 

2.000. 

crownes. 

1.000. 

crownes. 

500. 

crownes. 

300. 

crownes. 

200. 

crownes. 

100. 

crownes. 

50. 

crownes. 

20. 

crownes. 

10. 

crownes. 

8. 

crownes. 

A  DECLARATION  FOR  THE  LOTTERY. 


765 


1,000.  Prizes,  each  of 
4,000.  Prizes,  each  of 
1,000.  Prizes,  each  of 
1,000.  Prizes,  each  of 


6.  crownes. 
4.  crownes. 
3.  crownes. 
2.  crownes. 


25.  crownes. 
400.  crownes. 


Rewards. 

To  him  that  shall  hee  last  drawne  out  with  a  Blanke 

To  him  that  putteth  in  the  greatest  number  of  Lots  un- 
der one  name  or  Posie 

To  him  that  putteth  in  the  second  greatest  number  300.  crownes. 

To  him  tliat  putteth  in  the  third  greatest  number  200.  crownes. 

To  him  tliat  putteth  in  the  fourth  greatest  number  100.  crownes. 

If  divers  bee  of  equall  number,  then  these  Rewards  are  to  be  divided 

proportionably. 


ADDITIOISr   OF  KEW   REWARDS. 
The  Blanke  that  shall  bee  drawne  out  next  before  the  > 

greatest  Prize,  shal  have  j 

The  Blanke  that  shall  bee  drawne  out  next  after  the ") 

said  great  Prize,  shall  have  ) 

The  Blankes  that  sliall  be  drawne  out  immediately  be-  > 

fore  the  2.  next  greatest  Prizes,  shall  have  each  of  them  j 
The  severall  Blankes  next  after  them  shall  have  also  > 

each  of  them  j 

The  severall  Blankes  next  before  the  foure  Great  Prizes, 

shall  have  each  of  them 
The  severall  Blankes  next  after  them  shall  have  also  ) 

each  of  them  j 

The  severall  Blankes  next  before  the  six  gi'eat  Prizes,  ) 

shall  have  each  of  them  ) 

The  severall  Blankes  next  after  them  shall  also  have  ] 

each  of  them  j 


"} 


25.  crownes. 
25.  crownes. 
20.  crownes. 
20.  crownes. 
15.  crownes, 
15.  crownes. 
10.  crownes. 
10.  crownes. 


"  Imprinted  at  London  by  Felix  Kyngston,  for  Willitara 
Welby,  the  22.  of  FebruarieJ  1615." 

Smith  extracts  from  CCCXLII.  in  his  "  Generall  History," 
pp.  117-119.  This  lottery  was  drawn  November  17,  1615, 
and  was  really  the  Second  Great  Lottery ;  the  First  Great 
Virginian  Lottery,  as  we  have  seen,  was  drawn  in  June  and 
July,  1612. 

CCCXLII.  is  No.  151,  Broadside  of  the  Society  of  Anti- 
quaries of  London ;  I  know  of  no  other  original.     It  has 


766  PERIOD   IV.    JULY,  1614-JULY,  1616. 

been  wrongly  catalogued  under  1616.  (See  my  remarks  on 
CXIV.)  The  year  is  not  Old  Style  ;  it  would  have  borne 
the  date  1615,  if  printed  in  London  between  September  29, 
1614,  and  September  29,  1615. 


CCCXLIIL     EXTRACT  FROM  THE  TRADE'S  INCREASE. 

Some  time  prior  to  February  22,  1615,  there  issued  from 
the  press  a  tract  called  "  The  Trades  Increase.  Printed  by 
Nicholas  Okes,  and  are  to  be  sold  by  Walter  Burre."  The 
preface  is  signed  with  the  initials  I.  R.  It  was  written 
against  the  East  India  Company.  It  contains  the  following 
references  to  Virginia,  viz. :  — 

On  page  26.  "  I  cannot  finde  any  other  worthy  place 
of  forren  anchorage.  For  the  Bermudas,  We  know  not  yet 
what  they  will  doe  ;  and  for  Virginia  we  know  not  well 
what  to  do  with  it :  The  present  profit  of  those  two  Col- 
onies not  employing  any  store  of  shipping.  The  great  ex- 
pence  that  the  nobility  and  gentry  have  been  at  in  planting 
Virginia  is  no  way  recompensed  by  the  poor  returns  from 
thence." 

On  page  53.  "  The  Virginia  Company  pretend  almost 
all  that  Maine  twixt  it  and  New-found-land  to  bee  their 
Fee-Simple,  whereby  many  honest  and  able  mindes,  dis- 
posed to  adventiu-e,  are  hmdred  and  stopped  from  repairing 
to  those  places,  that  they  either  know  or  would  discover, 
even  for  fishing." 

February  22,  1615.  Extract  from  the  Court  Mmutes  of 
the  East  India  Company. 

"  Report  of  M^  Leate  and  M^  Bell  that  Mr.  Attorney 
and  another  lawyer  find  some  points  in  the  book,  called  the 
Trades  Increase,  very  near  to  treason  and  all  the  rest  very 
dangerous.  The  opinion  of  M""  Sohcitor  desired ;  Sir  Dud- 
ley Diggs  of  opinion  that  a  book  should  be  set  forth  in 
defence  of  the  East  India  trade." 


EXTRACT  FROM  BRITAIN'S  BUSS.  767 


CCCXLIV.   EXTRACT  FROM  THE  DEFENSE  OF  TRADE. 

Soon  after  this,  there  appeared  ''  The  Defence  of  Trade. 
In  a  Letter  to  Sir  Thomas  Smith,  Knight,  Governour  of  the 
East  India  Companie  &c.  From  one  of  that  Societie. 
Vexat  censura  Cokunbas.  London,  Printed  by  William 
Stansby  for  John  Barnes,  and  are  to  be  sold  at  his  shop 
over  against  Saint  Sepulchres  Church  without  Newgate. 
1615."  (Signed  at  the  end  of  pamphlet,  Dudley  Digges. 
In  the  tract  he  speaks  of  Sir  Thomas  Smythe  as  his  kins- 
man.) The  tract  is  a  defense  of  the  merchant  companies. 
On  page  30,  Diggs,  replying  to  the  reflection  on  Virginia, 
says  :  — 

"  This  ready  Companie  (of  Muscovie)  to  doe  him  service, 
and  to  good  their  Countrie,  May  perhaps  finde  meanes,  to 
save  home-store,  by  trying  a  conclusion  in  Virginia,  which 
this  worthy  author  thinkes,  men  know  not  what  to  doe 
withaU." 

[Mem.  —  In  March,  1615,  Byleth  and  Baffin  sailed  on 
their  voyage  for  Discoverie  of  Seas,  Lands  and  Hands  to 
the  North- Westwards,  etc. 

The  Welcome  sailed  for  the  Bermudas  probably  about 
the  same  time.] 


CCCXLV.   EXTRACT  FROM  BRITAIN'S   BUSS. 

Extract  from  "  Britain's  Buss,  or  A  computation  as  well 
of  the  charge  of  a  Buss  or  Herring  Fishing  ship  ;  as  also 
of  the  Gain  and  Profit  thereby.  By  E.  S.  London. 
Printed  by  Wilham  Jaggard  for  Nicholas  Bourne,  and  are 
to  be  sold  at  his  shop  at  the  south  entry  of  the  Royal  Ex- 
change.    1615."  .  .   . 

"  Timber  and  Plank.  And  for  all  the  great  and  pitiful 
waste  of  our  English  woods ;  yet  will  England  afford  tim- 
ber and  plank  enough  for  many  Busses  :  but,  to  spare  Eng- 


768  PERIOD  IV.    JULY,  1614^ULY,  1616. 

land  awhile,  Ireland  will  yield  us  Busses  enough,  besides 
many  other  good  ships,  if  need  be ;  and  Scotland  will  hel^^ 
us  with  masts.  But  if  w^e  would  spare  so  near  home,  we 
may  help  ourselves  out  of  Virginia  and  Sommer  Isl- 
ands." .  .  . 

As  this  tract  mentions  the  "  Trtide's  Increase,"  as  "  now 
newly  come  abroad,"  I  suppose  it  was  written  early  in 
1615,  soon  after  the  "  Trade's  Increase. 


CCCXLVI.   CAREW  TO  ROE. 

See  "The  Letters  of  Carew  to  Roe,"  printed  for  the 
Camden  Society  of  England  in  1860,  pp.  6,  7,  and  also  pp. 
53,  54. 

April,  1615.  "  The  Frenche,  who  were  planted  in  an 
Hand  in  the  mouthe  of  the  river  Maraynor,  are  displanted 
by  the  Portugals.  There  whole  number  were  400  French- 
men, but  100  of  them  unserviceable  by  reason  of  sickness. 
None  were  spared,  but  aU  of  them,  allmost  to  a  man,  put  to 
the  sword,  and  the  women  and  children  found  no  mercye. 
The  Portugal  commander  thatt  tryumphes  with  this  victorie 
is  the  governor  of  Brasil,  who  surprised  them  thatt  were 
over  negligent ;  his  forces  consisted  of  800  Portugals  and 
800  Indians.  The  French  fort,  which  was  well  fortified,  is 
rased  to  the  ground.  I  pray  God  thatt  Virginia  may  not 
drinke  of  the  same  cuppe !  " 


CCCXLVII.   EXTRACT  FROM  RECORDS  OF   DOVER. 

From  "Liber  Vocatus  A."  Commencing  19th  Elizabeth, 
September  15,  1577.  Contaming  the  Common  Assembly 
Minutes  of  this  Borough  of  Dover. 

"  8'^  May  1615.  A  Letter  read  from  the  Lords  of  the 
Council  to  adventure  in  the  Lottery  for  the  Lottery  for  the 
Plantation  of  Virginia.  <£5.  adventured  out  of  the  Towns 
Yr.  [Treasury  ?]  by  20  Lots  to  be  made  in  the  name  of  the 


EXTRACTS  FROM  THE   RECORDS  OF  WYCOMBE.     769 

town  of  Dover.     M'  Mayor  to  send  the  same  according  to 
direction.     If  any  profit  be  had  to  be  the  corporations." 

"  ii'*  July  1615.  The  <£5.  adventure  paid  in  London 
by  20  Lotts  and  a  receipt  of  the  same  and  N*'  of  the  Lots 
produced." 

CCCXLVIII.  EXTRACTS  FROM  THE  RECORDS  OF 
WYCOMBE. 

FROM  FIFTH  BEPT.  ROYAL  HIST.   COM.   PAGE  559. 

From  Records  of  the  Borough  of  High  Wycombe.  Folio 
146b. 

Under  date  May  27,  1615,  a  list  is  given  "  of  the  names 
of  the  adventurers  for  Vii-gmia,"  ^.  e.  of  persons  who  ven- 
tured sums  of  money  in  the  Lottery  made  on  the  new  set- 
tlement there ;  the  largest  venture  being  that  of  Robert 
Kempe,  gent.,  who  subscribes  40  shillings  ;  the  smallest 
sums  subscribed  being  5  shillings.  The  common  clerk 
probably  made  the  entry,  and  does  not  appear  to  have  very 
favorably  regarded  the  speculation,  as  he  ends  the  hst  with 
"  Posslbllla  S2)es  comitaturr  After  which  is  entered, 
"  Memorandum  that  it  is  agreed  amongst  the  said  Adven- 
turers that  Roberte  Gray,  seargeant,  and  Edward  Randall, 
Parishe  Clarke,  shall  have  eyther  of  them,  the  benefitt  of  a 
lott  of  5.S.,  for  there  paines  in  collecting  of  the  abovesaid 
somys  of  money,  as  well  and  fully  as  though  they  had 
adventured  there  lottes."  Many  children's  names  having 
been  entered,  each  for  a  lot,  the  following  is  added :  "  It  is 
agreed  the  parents  of  the  said  children  shall  have  and  take 
Sommes  due  to  the  children,  and  discharge  the  towne." 

[Mem.  —  Four  ships  were  sent  out  by  the  Londoners  to 
the  New  England  coast  in  January,  1615.  Returning,  one 
loaded  with  dry  fish  sailed  for  Spain,  and  was  taken  by  the 
Turks.  One  went  to  Virginia  to  relieve  that  colony,  "  and 
two  came  for  England  with  the  greene  fish,  treine  oyle  and 
furres,  within  sixe  moneths."     Captain  John  Smith  sailed 


770  PERIOD   IV.    JULY,  1614-JULY,  1616. 

from  Plymouth  in  March  with  two  ships,  on  his  so-called 
"  second  voyage  to  New  England  ;  "  he  soon  returned  with 
the  large  ship,  but  Master  Dermer  made  the  voyage  safely 
in  the  small  bark.  Smith  again  sailed  (on  his  so-called 
"  thu'd  voyage ")  June  24,  following ;  but  fell  into  the 
hands  of  "  Pyrats." 


CCCXLIX.   THE  SOMERS  ISLANDS  CHARTER. 
COLONIAL  ENTRY  BOOK,    VOLUME  XVIL   PAGES  1-46. 

On  the  29'^  June,  1615,  King  James  granted  to  Henry 
Earl  of  Southampton,  Lucy  Countess  of  Bedford,  William 
Earl  of  Pembroke,  William  Lord  Paget,  William  Lord  Cav- 
endish, Sir  Ralph  Winwood,  Sir  Robert  Rich,  Sir  Thomas 
Smith,  Sir  Robert  Maunsell,  Sir  Edwyn  Sandys,  Su'  Dudley 
Diggs,  Sir  John  Watts,  Sir  Anthony  Archer,  Sir  Samuel 
Sandys,  Sir  John  Merrick,  Sir  Richard  Smith,  Sir  Thomas 
Howgan,  Sir  Lyonel  Cranfeild,  Sir  John  Heyward,  Sir 
Richard  Grubham,  Sir  Lawrence  Hyde,  Knights.'  John 
Walter,  Richard  Martin,  John  Wroth,  John  Walstenholme, 
Richard  Chamberlaine,  Nicholas  Hyde,  William  Garraway, 
George  Thorpe,  Jerom  Heydon  Esquires.  George  Cham- 
berlane,  Wm  Caninge,  Mei^cJiants.  Anthony  Hinton  Doc- 
tor in  Physic,  Richard  Tomhns  JEsquire,  John  Hayward 
clerk,  WiUiam  Payne  Esquire,  Morris  Abbot  merchant, 
Charles  Anthony  Goldsmith,  Anthony  Abdey,  William 
Aderley,  Arthur  Bromfeild,  George  Barkley  merchants, 
John  Banks  r)iercer,  Christopher  Baron,  Edward  Bishop, 
Jo.  Britton,  Nicholas  Benson,  Thomas  Church,  Thomas 
Covel,  Abram  Cartwright,  Allen  Cotton,  Christopher  CHth- 
ere,  Richard  Caswell,  Abram  Chamberloin,  Edw.  Ditch- 
feild  Salter,  Abram  Dawes,  Jo:  Dike,  John  Delbridge, 
George  Etheridge,  Nicholas  Exton,  Richard  Edwards, 
Nicholas  Ferrer  merchant,  John  Feme,  Giles  Francis, 
AVilliam  Felgate,  Edward  Fawcet,  Jo.  Fletcher,  William 
Greenwell  merchant-tayler,  Robert  Gore  merchant-tayler, 


SIR  THOMAS   ROE 


THE  SOMERS    ISLAND  CHARTER.  771 

Jo :  Gearing  Ralph  Hamer  merchant-tayJer,  George  Hol- 
man,  Leonard  Harvvood,  John  Hodges,  Robert  Johnson 
grocer,  Thomas  Jadwhi,  Thomas  Johnson,  PhiL  Jacobson. 
Ralph  King,  Jo,  Kirrell,  Thomas  Lever,  Edward  Lukin, 
Richard  Maplesden,  Richard  Morer,  Thomas  Noringcot, 
William  Nichols,  Robert  Offley  mercltt,  William  Palmer, 
Richard  Paulson,  Ileildebrand  Pruson,  William  Quick, 
Richard  Rogers,  Elias  Roberts  merchant-tayJor ,  George 
Robins,  George  Scot,  Edmund  Scot,  George  Swinhoe, 
Abram  Speckard,  Cleophas  Smith,  Robert  Smith,  Mat. 
Sheppard,  George  Smith  grocer,  John  Barnard,  Henry 
Timberlake,  William  Welby  Stationer,  Thomas  Wale,  Rich- 
ard Webb  haberdasher,  Thomas  Welles,  Thomas  Wheat- 
ley,  John  West  grocer,  Jo.  Weld,  John  Wooddall,  William 
Webster,  Gideon  Delaun,  John  Osborne,  Warren  Smith 
and  Robert  Philips,  a  charter  of  incorporation,  by  the  name 
of  the  Governor  and  Company  of  the  City  of  London  for 
the  plantation  of  the  Somers  Islands,  with  sole  government 
and  power  to  make  laws,  conformable  to  the  Laws  of  Eng- 
land, etc. 

[Mem.  —  Richard  Hawkins  sailed  on  his  voyage  for  New 
England  in  October,  1615. 

Court  Minutes  of  the  East  India  Company,  September 
12,  1615,  mentions  the  "  Benefit  of  the  Trade  to  the  East 
Indies  to  the  King  —  and  His  Majesty's  gracious  inclination 
and  favour  towards  the  Company,"  etc.  "  The  Royal  cus- 
toms for  the  two  last  shq)S  returned  was  about  .£14.000. 
while  in  the  Queen's  time  Mr.  Customer  Smythe  farmed  all 
of  the  Royal  customs  at  £12,000."  November  3,  1615. 
'*'  The  East  India  Company  desires  the  discovery  of  things 
yet  unknown  or  micertain  for  the  future  good  of  Pos- 
teritye."] 


772  PERIOD   IV.     JULY,  1614-JULY,  1616. 

CCCL.   TOBACCO  MEMORANDA. 

Among  tlie  manuscripts  of  the  Right  Honorable  the 
Earl  De  la  Warr  at  Knowle  Park,  County  Kent,  are  the 
following,  relating  to  tobacco  :  — 

"  March  22''''  1613-4.  W.  Shipman  to  Sir  John  Feme : 
He  says  there  was  spent  yearly  in  this  kingdom  .£200.000 
or  more  on  tobacco.  He  offers  £5.000  a  year  as  a  present 
to  a  nobleman  of  the  court  for  an  exclusive  patent." 

"  Se2it.  SO.  1615.  Certificate  of  the  quantity  of  Tobacco 
in  Portsmouth  in  The  Flying  Horse  of  Flushing,  from 
Virginia,  30'^''  Sej)t.  1615  ;  From  W.  Budcl,  one  great  roll 
containing  105  lbs  of  Midding  Tobacco."  There  is  also 
another  certificate  of  February  10,  1616,  which  gives  the 
number  of  pounds  as  104,  showing  the  loss  of  weight 
with  time,  which  those  who  deal  in  tobacco  have  long  been 
familiar  vdth. 

There  was  also  published  this  year  :  "  An  advice  how  to 
plant  Tobacco  in  England  :  and  How  to  bring  it  to  colour 
and  perfection  ;  to  whom  it  may  be  profitable,  and  to  whom 
harmfuU.  The  vertues  of  the  Hearbe  in  generall,  as  well 
in  the  outward  application  as  taken  in  Fume.  With  the 
danger  of  the  Spanish  Tobacco.  Written  by  C.  T.  Lon- 
don, Printed  by  Nicholas  Okes,  and  are  to  be  sold  by  Wal- 
ter Burre.     1615." 

There  had  been  many  tracts  issued  in  England,  on  the 
tobacco  question  [pro  and  con.) ;  in  one  of  them  we  are 
told  that  it  was 

"  Better  to  be  chokt  with  English  hemp, 
Then  poisoned  with  Indian  Tabacco." 

Several  historians  of  Virginia,  who  seem  to  me  to  be  ever 
prone  to  go  even  out  of  their  way  to  give  King  James  a 
rap,  have  insinuated  that  "  A  Counterblast  to  Tobacco,"  by 
that  king,  was  wTitten  against  Virginia  tobacco ;  but  this 
tract  was  pubhshed  in  1604,  even  before  any  colony  was 
planted  in  Virginia. 


CAREW   TO   ROE.  773 

[Mem.  — "  November  17'^  1615,  began  the  drawing  of 
the  second  great  Lottery  for  Virginia,  at  the  West  end  of 
Saint  Paules  chui-ch."  —  Howes'  Abridgement.] 


CCCLI.     EAST  INDIA  COMPANY  TO   THE   LORD  MAYOR. 

From  Remembrancia,  City  of  London  (1579-1*664),  An- 
alytical Index,  pp.  290,  291. 

"  A  Letter  from  the  Governor  and  Assistants  of  the  East 
India  Company  to  the  Lord  Mayor  of  London,  stating  that 
the  Court  of  Aldermen  had  been  pleased,  in  the  27.  Eliza- 
beth, to  bestow  upon  Captain  John  Martyn  the  next  office  or 
place  that  might  fall  void ;  since  which  the  office  of  Judge 
of  the  sheriffs'  Court,  becoming  void  by  the  surrender  of  Mr. 
Morgan,  had  been  given,  during  Captain  Martyu's  absence 
in  Virginia,  to  Sir  Edward  Mosely,  Knight,  who  held  the 
next  reversion.  They  prayed  the  Court  to  restore  him 
[Martyn]  to  his  ancient  right  according  to  his  grant.  [The 
names  of  the  Governor  and  eight  Assistants  are  appended.] 

"  ir^  December,  1615." 


CCCLII.    CAREW  TO   ROE. 

LETTERS   FROM   CAREW  TO  ROE.      CAMDEN   SOCIETY,  1860, 

PAGE  27. 

"  There  is  nothinge  this  last  sommer  performed  either  by 
the  Norwest  or  Northeast  for  the  discoverye  of  the  passage 
to  the  East  Indies  ;  I  pray  God  that  this  next  yere  may  have 
better  successe.  The  plantation  att  Virginia  and  Bermuda 
sleepes,  frome  whence  I  can  send  your  Lordship  no  relation. 
I  thanke  you  for  your  letter  from  the  Cape  of  Good  Hope, 
and  as  you  may,  I  pray  you  to  lett  me  understand  of  your 
proceedinges  in  that  eastern  world.   .   .   . 

"  Savoy,  24  Januarye  1615  "  [0.  S.]. 

[Mem.  —  Captain   Daniel  Tucker's  commission  as  gov- 


774  PERIOD   IV.    JULY,  1614-JULY,  1616. 

ernor  of  the  Bermudas  is  dated  February  15,  1616.  See 
the  "  Memorials  of  the  Bermudas,"  by  Lefroy. 

March  6.  "  A  Bill  of  Adventure  of  £12  10^  granted  to 
M"  Simon  Codrington,  being  one  share  of  land  in  Virginia." 
—  From  the  Records  of  the  Virginia  Company.  This  is  the 
first  entry  of  the  kind  which  I  have  found.  In  1617,  and 
after,  these  shares  began  to  acquire  a  value,  and  were  fre- 
quently bought  and  sold. 

March  19.  "  Sii'  Walter  Raleorhe  is  enlardgfed  out  of 
the  Tower,  and  is  to  go  his  journey  to  Guiana ;  but  re- 
maynes  unpardoned  untill  his  retourne ;  he  left  his  man- 
sion in  the  Tower  the  19"'  day  of  this  monethe  "  [March, 
1616].  —  Carew  to  Roe.] 

CCCLIII.     A   BRIEF   DECLARATION. 

In  1885,  while  hunting  for  the  tract,  "  State  of  the  Col- 
ony and  affaires  in  Virginia.  London,  1616,"  which  is 
mentioned  in.  the  Ternaux  Compans  Catalogue,  I  received 
the  following  note  from  a  friend  in  England,  which  explains 
itself :  — 

British  Museum,  July  17,  1885. 
.  .  .  '*  With  regard  to  the  entry  in  the  Ternaux  Com- 
pans Catalogue,  I  have  found  in  the  Grenville  Collection  a 
small  tract  of  8  pages ;  but  the  said  tract  is  without  title- 
page.  There  is  a  date  of  ^  April  1616,'  written  upon  page  1, 
and  the  Museum  authorities  have  queried  the  date  [1616?]. 
"  I  beheve  this  to  be  the  work  mentioned  in  the  Ternaux 
Catalogue.  Yours  obediently, 

''  R.  English." 

As  it  refers  to  "  Nova  Britannia  "  [LXVIII.]  as  having 
been  written  "  about  seaven  yeares  before,"  and  then  speaks 
of  June  25  as  in  the  future,  I  suppose  it  was  written  be- 
tween February  and  June,  1616,  probably  in  "  April  1616." 
Possibly  the  writer  of  this  date  got  it  from  the  title-page, 
now  lost.  The  original  in  the  Museum  is  the  only  one  that 
I  know  of.     It  is  a  valuable  official  document. 


A  BRIEF  DECLARATION.  775 

"  By  His  Maiesties  Counseil  for  Virginia. 

"  A  Briefe  Declaration  of  the  present  state  of  things  in 
Virginia,  and  of  a  Division  to  be  now  made,  of  some  part  of 
those  Lands  in  our  actuall  possession,  as  well  to  all  such  as 
have  adventured  their  money es,  as  also  to  those  that  are 
Planters  there. 

"  When  first  it  pleased  God  to  move  his  Maiesties  minde, 
at  the  humble  suit  of  sundry  his  loving  subjects,  to  yeeld 
unto  them  his  gracious  Priviledge  for  the  Virginia  Planta- 
tion, it  was  a  thing  seeming  strange  and  doubtfuU  in  the 
eye  of  the  World,  that  such  and  so  few  Vnder-takers  should 
enterprise  a  charge  of  that  waight,  as  rather  beseemed  a 
whole  State  and  Commonwealth  to  take  in  hand.  But  such 
was  the  successe  of  their  sundry  attempts,  in  the  happy  dis- 
coverey  of  so  goodly  a  Land,  the  Description  of  which,  for 
the  excellencie  of  the  climate  and  fertihtie  tliereof ,  had  soone 
obtayned  to  lay  such  an  assured  ground  of  future  hope,  in 
the  sence  and  understanding  of  all  men  rightly  weighing  it, 
that  not  long  after,  their  new  Letters  Patents,  with  more 
ample  priviledges  granted  by  his  Maiestie,  were  almost  filled 
with  many  hundred  Names,  both  Honourable,  and  others  of 
all  sorts,  that  gave  their  hands  and  consent  to  further  and 
uphold  that  honourable  action. 

"  Vpon  which  encouragement  of  so  many  worthy  Patrons, 
the  Companie  very  deepely  engaged  themselves,  in  sending 
Men  and  Ships,  Cattle,  and  all  kinde  of  provisions,  with 
Governours  and  Captaines  for  peace  and  war,  insomuch  as 
no  earthly  meanes  seemed  then  wanting  for  the  speedy  re- 
ducing of  that  barbarous  Nation,  and  savage  people,  to  a 
quiet  Christian  Common-wealth. 

"  But  such  was  the  will  of  Almighty  God,  as  the  world 
well  knoweth,  that  this  great  hope  and  preparation,  by 
many  disasters  on  Sea  and  Land,  too  long  to  be  here  recited, 
was  in  a  manner  cleane  defeated,  and  there  onely  remained 
a  poore  remnant  of  those  Men  and  Women,  Cattle  and  pro- 
visions, that  escaped  the  danger  and  which  are  now  remayn- 
ing  there  to  rayse  and  build  up  that  intended  Colonie. 


776  PERIOD  IV.    JULY,  1614-JULY,  1616. 

"  Which  when  those  Gentlemen  th'  adventurers  here  saw, 
and  that  the  expectance  of  so  great  a  preparation  brought 
nothino-  home  but  adverse  successe  and  bad  reports,  they 
for  the  most  part  withdrew  themselves,  in  despaire  of  the 
enterprize,  and  so  gave  it  over,  not  enduring  to  repay  re  the 
mines,  nor  to  supply  what  themselves  had  underwritten,  to 
discharge  the  deepe  engagement,  whereinto  the  Company 
was  drawne  by  their  encouragement. 

"  By  whose  Vnconstancie  and  irresolution,  the  hope  of 
that  Plantation,  together  with  the  lives  of  our  people  there, 
had  then  utterly  perished,  had  not  God's  secret  purpose 
beene  more  strongly  fixed  to  uphold  the  same,  by  stirring 
up  the  mindes  and  undaunted  spirits  of  a  very  small  rem- 
nant of  constant  Adventurers,  that  with  Sir  Thomas  Smith 
(their  Treasurer  and  Governor  from  the  beginning)  in  all 
that  time  of  three  yeares  disaster,  were  never  discouraged, 
nor  withdrew  themselves  from  weekly  Courts  and  meetings, 
yeelding  their  purses,  credit  and  Counseil,  from  time  to  time, 
to  make  new  supplies,  even  beyond  their  proportion,  to  up- 
hold the  Plantation. 

"  Insomuch  as  by  the  favourable  assistance  of  God,  who 
in  his  owne  wisdome  doth  oftentimes  effect  the  greatest  ends 
by  weakest  means,  it  is  now  come  to  passe,  that  our  English 
Colonic  there,  subsisteth  in  a  very  good  and  prosperous  con- 
dition :  They  sow  and  reape  their  Corne  in  sufficient  propor- 
tion, without  want  or  impeachment ;  their  Kine  multiply  al- 
ready to  some  hundreds,  their  Swine  to  many  thousands, 
their  Goates  and  Poultry  in  great  numbers,  every  man  hath 
house  and  ground  to  his  owne  use,  and  now  being  able  to 
maintaine  themselves  with  food,  they  are  also  prepared  and 
ready,  once  having  the  meanes,  to  set  upon  the  Minerals, 
whereof  there  are  many  sorts ;  as  also  to  plant  and  how  such 
severall  Kindes  of  Seeds  and  Fruits,  as  may  best  befit  the 
Soyle  and  Climate,  to  make  the  Land  profitable  to  them- 
selves and  th'  Adventurers. 

"  This  being  a  true  Relation  of  the  present  state  and  hope 
of  things  in  Virginia,  wee  thought  good  in  this  short  man- 


A  BRIEF  DECLARATION.  777 

ner  to  mention  it  by  the  way,  as  well  to  give  those  worthy 
Governors  in  Virginia  their  deserved  praise,  for  the  unspeak- 
able paines  and  hazzard  which  they  have  endured  there,  in 
framing  the  people  and  Plantation  to  so  happy  a  forme,  as 
also  to  withdraw  the  despayring  thoughts  of  such  old  re- 
tyred  Adventurers,  that  make  no  other  reckoning,  but  what- 
soever hath  beene  si)ent  upon  the  name  of  Virginia  to  be 
lost  and  cast  away ;  the  special  purpose  of  this  our  Publica- 
tion, being  to  another  end,  which  for  the  further  satisfying 
of  all  reasonable  minded,  wee  wiU  now  in  few  words  deliver. 

"  It  was  published  to  the  world,  about  seaven  years  since,^ 
and  the  time  is  now  expired,  wherein  wee  promised  to  cause 
a  Di\ddent  to  be  made  of  the  Lands  in  Virginia,  as  well  to 
every  mans  person  that  went  himselfe  to  the  Plantation,  as 
to  every  particular  man  that  had  adventured  his  money. 

"  And  in  as  much  as  we  are  now  by  the  Natives  liking 
and  consent,  in  actuall  possession  of  a  great  part  of  the 
Country,  the  other  part  not  as  yet  freed  from  encumber  of 
woods  and  trees,  nor  thoroughly  survayed,^  whereby  to 
make  a  Divident  of  the  whole :  yet  of  that  part  which  is 
now  fit  for  Plantation,  we  intend,  God  willing  to  beginne  a 
present  Division  by  Lot  to  every  man  that  hath  already 
adventured  his  money  or  person,  for  every  single  share  of 
twelve  pounds  tenne  shillings,  fifty  Acres  of  Land,  till  fur- 
ther opportunitie  vd\[  afford  to  divide  the  rest,  which  we 
doubt  not  will  bring  at  least  two  hundred  Acres  to  every 
single  share. 

"  This  Division  is  intended  to  be  done  by  a  new  Gov- 
ernor with  Commissioners  and  surveyers  to  be  sent  from 
hence  to  ioyne  with  others  that  are  there  already,^  to  give 
every  man  his  Lot  in  due  proportion,  according  to  such 
indifferent  ^  Directions  as  shall  be  oriven  them  in  charjje. 

1  This  evidently  refers  to  LXVIII.,  ^  That  is,  impartial. 

"  Nova  Britannia,"  February  18,  1609.  Charles  Campbell,  hi  his  History  of 

'  The  council  evidently  had  surveys  Virginia  (edition  18G0,  p.  116),  refer- 

of  the  rivers  and  adjacent  lands.  ring  to  Chalmers'  Introduction,  vol.  i. 

It  was   afterwards    determined   to  p.   10,  says  :    "  The  year  of   161.5  is 

send  Captain  Argall  as  the  new  gov-  remarkable  in  Virginia  history  for  the 

ernor.  first  establishment  of  a  fixed  property 


778  PERIOD   IV.     JULY,  1614-JULY,  1616. 

"  And  for  as  much  as  this  course  of  sending  a  Governor 
with  Commissioners  and  a  Survayor,  with  Men,  Shij)s,  and 
sundry  provisions,  for  fortifications  and  other  occasions ; 
as  all  men  may  conceive,  cannot  bee  effected  without  great 
charge  and  expence  to  the  Company  ;  it  is  therefore  thought 
requisite,  and  determined,  that  so  many  Adventurers  as  will 
partake  of  this  first  Divident,  shall  present  their  Names, 
with  their  number  of  shares,  into  a  Booke  remayning  at 
Sir  Thomas  Smith's  for  that  purpose,  before  the  25.  of 
June  next. 

"  And  they  shall  also  promise  under  their  handes,  to  con- 
tribute to  the  said  charge,  the  summe  of  twelve  pounds  ten 
shillings  to  be  paid  within  one  Monetli  after  subscrij)tion, 
whether  his  shares  be  more  or  lesse,  except  any  man  shall 
be  pleased  to  adventure  more,  and  for  which  twelve  pound 
ten  shillings  (or  more  if  hee  will)  he  shall  also  have  a  further 
Divident  of  land  in  proportion,  as  for  all  other  his  monies 
formerly  adventured.  But  for  such  as  are  not  able  to  lay 
downe  present  monie,  if  they  shall  desire  favour,  it  is  agreed 
for  them,  that  the  Treasurer  may  receive  the  one  half e  of  their 
said  adventure  in  present  money,  after  their  underwriting, 
to  furnish  out  the  ships,  and  the  other  halfe  at  six  moneths 
after  that. 

"  And  that  no  man  may  hereafter  excuse  himselfe  by 
ignorance,  nor  taxe  the  Company  for  concealing  their  pur- 
pose, we  declare  to  all  men,  that  this  present  Division  is  to 
be  onely  in  the  Lands  lying  along  the  Kings  River  on  both 
sides,  and  all  about  the  new  Townes  erected ;  in  which  so 
many  as  shall  give  in  their  names  as  aforesaid,  may  have 
their  parts,  and  those  that  will  not,  may  at  their  pleasure 
forbeare  till  hereafter,  to  take  their  Lot  upon  the  same 
tearmes  in  places  more  remote. 

"  The  Names  of  all  such  as  will  partake  of  this  Divident, 
shall  be  given  in  writing  to  the  Commissioners  before  they 

in  the  soil,  fifty  acres  of  land  being  reform  was  brought  about  mainly  by 
granted  by  the  company  to  every  free-  the  influence  of  Sir  Thomas  Dale,  one 
man  in  absolute  right.     This  salutary     of  the  best  of  the  early  governors." 


A   BRIEF   DECLARATION.  779 

goe  hence,  at  whose  returne  they  shall  bring  with  them  a 
perfect  Map  and  Description  of  the  said  lands  and  ground 
di\aded,  that  every  man  may  see  and  know  in  what  condi- 
tion and  where  his  land  lyeth,  that  accordingly  he  may  dis- 
pose thereof  at  his  pleasure,  eyther  by  going  himselfe  in 
person  to  possesse  it,  or  by  sending  famihes  to  manure  it 
for  yearely  rent,  or  for  haKe  the  cleare  profits  as  many 
others  doe. 

"  And  furthermore,  every  man's  portion  allotted  to  him, 
shall  be  confirmed  as  state  of  inheritance  to  him  and  his 
heyers  for  ever,  with  bounds  and  limits  under  the  Compa- 
nies Scale,  to  be  holden  of  his  Maiestie,  as  of  his  Manour  of 
East  Greenwich,  in  Socage  Tenure,  and  not  in  Capite, 
according  to  his  Maiesties  gracious  Letters  Patents  already 
granted  to  the  Virginia  Company  in  that  behalfe. 

"  And  notwithstanding,  as  we  hope,  the  chiefe  brunt  and 
doubt  of  that  Plantation  is  now  overpast,  whereof  to  their 
great  charofe  and  hazzard  the  old  Adventurers  have  endured 
the  most  difficult  part,  and  might  therefore  iustly  appropri- 
ate this  present  Divident  to  themselves,  yet  at  the  motion 
and  desire  of  many  Gentlemen  and  others  intending  to  be 
new-adventurers,  it  is  resolved  and  granted  by  the  Com- 
pany, that  all  new-Adventurers,  subscribing  and  performing 
the  conditions  before  mentioned,  for  twelve  pounds  tenne 
shillings,  or  more,  shall,  partake  in  proportion  as  freely  in 
this  present  Divident,  and  in  any  other  priviledge  and  free- 
dome  in  Virginia,  as  if  with  the  Old  Adventiu-ers  they  had 
been  partakers  from  the  beginning. 

''  FINIS." 

[Mem.  —  March  26,  1616.  Robert  Bileth,  master,  and 
William  Baffin,  pilot,  sailed  on  Baffin's  fifth  voyage  for 
the  discovery  of  a  passage  to  the  Northwest.  Eight  ships 
sailed  to  the  New  England  coast  in  the  first  half  of  1616. 
Richard  Vines  was  probably  in  command  of  one  of  these 
vessels.  I  believe  that  ships  were  sent  to  this  coast  from 
England  each  year  during  1607-16,   either  by  the  Lon- 


780  PERIOD  IV.    JULY,  1614-JULY,  1616. 

don  Company  of  Virginia,  Sir  Francis  Popliam,  Sir  Fercli- 
nando  Gorges,  the  merchants  of  London  or  Bristol,  or  by 
other  EngHshmen  ;  but  the  masters  of  these  ships  were  gen- 
erally not  "  given  to  writing,"  and  the  records  of  their 
voyages  are  chiefly  wanting. 


CCCLIV.     SMITH'S  MAP  OF  NEW  ENGLAND. 

This  map  of  New  England,  "  observed  and  described  by 
Captayne  John  Smith,"  drawn  by  Robert  Gierke,  engraved 
by  Simon  Pass  and  printed  by  George  Low,  was  first  issued, 
I  believe,  with  CCCLV.  It  was  reviewed  in  its  different 
conditions  by  Mr.  James  Lenox  and  Mr.  Charles  Deane  in 
"  Curiosities  of  American  Literature,"  in  "  Norton's  Literary 
Gazette,"  March  15  and  May  1,  1854. 

I  doubt  if  it  was  drawn  from  Smith's  surveys  (although 
he  says  so).  It  does  not  retain  any  of  the  original  names 
given  by  the  EngHsh,  French,  or  Dutch  discoverers,  and  I 
believe  that  these  old  landmarks  of  Gosnold,  Weymouth, 
and  others  were  suppressed  by  him,^as  their  presence  would 
have  invalidated  his  claim  that  the  map  was  engraved  from 
an  original  survey  made  by  himself  in  1614,  and  that  pre- 
vious mxaps  of  the  coast  were  of  no  value.  I  think  it  will 
be  readily  seen  that  CLVIII.  is  equally  as  valuable  as 
CCCLIV.,  if  not  more  so,  for  this  region. 

The  maps  with  Smith's  works,  for  cogent  reasons,  were 
the  only  maps  of  the  colonies  engraved  in  England,  thus 
becoming  public  property,  and  the  only  authority  in  the 
premises  accessible  to  the  public.  The  more  valuable  orig- 
inal maps,  retaining  the  names  given  by  the  original  dis- 
<coverers,  remained  in  manuscript  in  the  hands  of  the  lawful 
•guardians,  and  have  never  been  accessible  to  the  public. 
Only  three  of  these  have  been  found,  and  they  are  now 
given  to  the  public  for  the  first  time.  XLVL,  LVIL,  and 
CLVIII.  Avill  give  an  idea  of  the  capacity  of  the  surveyors, 
and  LVIII.  will  serve  as  an  illustration  of  the  capacity  of 
the  draughtsmen  employed  by  the  managers  of  the  Amer- 
ican enterprises. 


SMITH'S  DESCRIPTION  OF  NEW  ENGLAND.  781 


CCCLV.    SMITH'S  DESCRIPTION  OF  NEW  ENGLAND. 

"  A  Description  of  New  England  :  Or  the  Observations, 
and  discoveries,  of  Captain  John  Smith  (Admirall  of  that 
Country)  in  the  North  of  America,  in  the  year  of  our  Lord 
1614 :  with  the  siiccesse  of  sixe  ships  that  went  the  next 
yeare  1615  ;  and  the  accidents  befell  him  among  the  French 
men  of  warre :  With  the  proofe  of  the  present  benefit  this 
Countrey  affords,  whither  this  present  yeare,  1616,  eight 
voluntary  ships  are  gone  to  make  farther  tryall.  At  Lon- 
don Printed  by  Humfrey  Lownes,  for  Robert  Clerke ;  and 
are  to  be  sould  at  his  house  called  the  Lodge,  in  Chancery 
lane,  over  against  Lincolnes  Inne,  1616." 

This  tract  was  entered  at  Stationers'  Hall  for  publication 
June  3,  1616,  by  Robert  Clerke  under  the  hands  of  Master 
Sanford  and  Master  Lownes  Warden.  At  the  end  of  the 
tract  is  printed :  "  At  London  printed  the  18.  of  June,  in 
the  yeere  of  our  Lord  1616." 

An  original  of  this  tract  is  worth,  in  perfect  condition, 
about  $300.  It  was  reprinted  by  the  Massachusetts  His- 
torical Society  in  1837 ;  by  Peter  Force,  at  Washington,  in 
1838,  and  it  was  again  reprinted  at  Boston  in  1865.  The 
tract  is  dedicated  "  to  the  High  Hopeful  Charles,  Prince  of 
Great  Britaine,"  and  there  is  a  flavor  of  fun  in  the  dressing 
somewhat  similar  to  that  which  obtained  with  Coryat's  crud- 
ities, brought  out  in  1611  under  the  patronage  of  Prince 
Henry,  with  panegyric  poetry  and  high-flying  dedications. 
Smith  gravely  tells  Prince  Cliarles,  "  In  my  discovery  of 
Virginia,  I  presumed  to  call  two  nameless  Headlands  after 
my  Soveraignes  heires.  Cape  Henry  and  Cape  Charles," 
when,  in  fact,  Smith  was  a  prisoner  at  that  time.  He  tells 
the  Adventurers  for  New  England,  as  to  his  being  taken 
prisoner  at  sea  in  1615,  "  that  foure  men  of  Warre,  pro- 
vided as  they  were  had  been  sufficient  to  have  taken  Samp- 
son, Hercules  and  Alexander  the  Great,  no  other  way 
furnisht  then  I  was."    But  this  peer  of  "  Sampson,  Hercules 


782  PERIOD   IV.    JULY,  1614-JULY,  1616. 

and  Alexander  tlie  Great "  overlooks  the  fact  that  his  ship 
escaped,  while  he  alone  was  taken.  After  this  incident 
he  seems  to  have  been  dubbed  "  Admiral "  by  the  North 
Virginia  Company ;  but  they  trusted  him  with  no  more 
ships. 

The  dedications  offer  his  services  to  many  people  to  do 
many  things.  The  poetry  lauds  him  to  the  skies,  and  yet 
it  all  results  in  nothing ;  no  one  employs  him  to  do  any  of 
these  things,  and  I  think  that  his  patrons  were  catering  to 
his  vanity,  as  was  the  case  with  the  Coryat  book. 

[Mem.  —  Sir  Thomas  Dale  sailed  from  Virginia  on  the 
Treasurer,  and  reached  Plymouth  on  the  last  day  of  May, 
1616.  He  reached  London  some  time  in  June.  What  doc- 
uments, letters,  etc.,  were  brought  I  do  not  know ;  but  he 
brought  a  very  interesting  party  of  people,  including  our 
old  friend  Molina,  Pocahontas,  Rolfe,  and  others  ;  he  started 
with  Lymbry,  also,  but  had  executed  him  on  the  way. 
Dale's  time  in  Virginia  is  a  wonderfully  interesting  period 
of  our  history. 

There  had  been  sent  to  Virginia  from  England  about 
1,650  persons.  Dale  left  205  officers  and  laborers,  81 
farmers,  and  65  women  and  children,  "  which  in  all  amount- 
eth  to  three  hundred  and  fifty-one  persons  —  a  small  num- 
ber to  advance  so  great  a  worke,"  says  Rolfe.  Probably 
about  three  hundred  had  returned  to  England  at  different 
times,  and  about  1,000  had  died  on  the  voyage  or  in  Vir- 
ginia. When  Dale  left,  Captain  Smaley  was  in  command  at 
Henrico,  and  Mr.  William  Wickham  was  minister  there. 
Captain  Yeardley  at  Bermuda  Nether  Hundred,  and  Mr. 
Alexander  Whitaker,  minister ;  Captain  Madison  at  West 
and  Sherley  Hundred ;  Lieutenant  Sharpe  at  Jamestown, 
and  Mr.  Richard  Buck,  minister ;  Captain  George  Webb  at 
Kequoughtan,  and  Mr.  William  Mease  (or  Mays),  minister 
there ;  and  Lieutenant  Cradock  at  Dale's  Gift. 

Dale  sent  the  follo\\ing  letter  from  Plymouth,  soon  after 
he  arrived  there.] 


DALE  TO   WINWOOD.  783 

CCCLVIi.     DALE  TO  WIXWOOD. 
FROM  STATE  PAPER   OFFICE,    LONDON,   ENGLAND. 

Sir  Thomas  Dale  to  Sir  Ralfe  Wynwood. 

"  Ryght  honourable  —  having  bin  much  bound  unto 
you  for  many  favours  as  yet  not  deserved  by  me  because 
the  oecatyone  hath  not  bin  presented,  wherby  I  myght  tes- 
tyfye  my  thankfuUnes  unto  your  honour,  I  shoud  accont 
myself  happye  to  embrase  som  subject  to  demonstrat  my 
fayghtfull  love  &  servyse  unto  you. 

"  May  it  please  your  honor  to  understand  that  I  am  by 
the  myghtye  power  of  the  Allmyghty  God,  saufly  retourned 
from  the  hardest  taske  that  ever  I  undertooke  &  by  the 
blessinge  of  God  have  ^yiih  pour  means  left  the  CoUonye  in 
great  prosperytye  &  pease  contrarye  to  mauye  mens  Exspec- 
tatyon.  This  ship  hath  brought  horn  exceedinge  good  to- 
baco,  sasafrix  pych,  potashes  Stiu-gyon  &  cavyarye  &  other 
such  lyk  commodytyes  as  yet  that  countrye  yeldes.  I  shall 
with  the  greatest  speed  the  Wynd  wyll  suffer  me  present 
myself  unto  you  and  gyve  you  full  satysfactyon  of  thos 
parts,  how  benyfycyall  this  admyralble  (sic)  countrye  wyll 
be  for  oure  State  I  know  you  are  not  Ignorant  of,  both  for 
the  emtyinge  of  our  fidl  bodye  &  the  mayntenance  of  our 
shipinge  (all  thiuges  nessysarye  ther  unto,  beinge  ther  to  be 
had)  &  that  countrye  being  Inhabyted  by  his  Majestyes 
subjects  Avyll  put  such  a  byt  Into  our  ainchent  enymyes  ^ 
mouth  as  wyll  curbe  his  hautynes  of  monarcliie.  I  shall 
gyve  your  honor  great  encouragements  that  this  Vergynia 
affords  (at  my  aryvall)  to  spure  us  forwards  to  Inhabyt 
there  If  his  Majestye  wishes  to  posses  one  of  the  goodly  est 
&  rychest  kingdoms  of  the  world,  &  Indeed  so  fytt  for  no 
state  as  ours.  If  yt  shall  please  you  honerable  fathers  of  our 
State  to  thinke  seryouslye  one  yt  &  his  Majestye  thorowly 
to  undertake  yt  —  The  which  I  becheth  the  lord  to  grant  of 
his  Infynyt  mersye  &  so  I  humblye  commend  my  dutye  & 

^  The  Spaniard. 


784  PERIOD   IV.    JULY,  1614-JULy,  1616. 

servyse   unto   your  honour,  from  plemoth  this  3.  of  June 
1616. 

"  Youre  honners  to  commaund. 

"Thomas  Dale." 

Indorsed:  "To   the  right  Ho^^«  S"^  Ralfe  Wynwood  K' 
Principall  Secretary  to  his  Ma*'^ 

"  Plymouth,  3°  Junij  1616,  from  S'  Tho  :  Dale." 


CCCLVI^.     CAPTAIN  JOHN  SMITH  TO  QUEEN  ANNE. 

The  following  letter  was  first  published,  I  beHeve,  in 
Smith's  "  General  History  "  (pp.  121,  122),  without  date ; 
but  with  these  prefatory  lines  :  — 

"  And  before  she  [Pocahontas]  arrived  at  London,  Cap- 
taine  Smith  to  deserve  her  former  courtesies,  made  her  qual- 
ities knowne  to  the  Queene's  most  excellent  Majestic  and  her 
Court,  and  writ  a  little  booke  to  this  effect  to  the  Queene : 
An  abstract  whereof  followeth." 

It  appears  from  the  above  that  the  "  little  booke  "  was 
sent  to  the  Queen  early  in  June,  1616 ;  but  the  sending  of 
it  has  been  doubted.  It  stands  on  Smith's  assertion  very 
much  as  LXIV.  does;  neither  were  pubHshed  by  Purchas, 
and  neither  by  Smith  until  1624.  Both  are  untrustworthy ; 
but  they  are  fair  samples  of  Smith's  "  General  History." 

"  To  the  most  high  and  vertuous  Princess,  Queene  Anne  of 

Great  Brittaine. 
"  Most  admu-ed  Queene, 

"  The  love  I  beare  my  God,  my  King  and  Countrie,  hath 
so  oft  emboldened  mee  in  the  worst  of  extreme  dangers, 
that  now  honestie  doth  constraine  mee  presume  thus  farre 
beyond  myself,  to  present  your  Maiestie  this  short  discourse  : 
if  ingratitude  be  a  deadly  poyson  to  all  honest  vertues,  I 
must  bee  guiltie  of  that  crime  if  I  should  omit  any  meanes 
to  bee  thankfuU. 


CAPTAIN  JOHN  SMITH  TO   QUEEN  ANNE. 


785 


"  So  it  is,  That  some  ten  yeares  ^  agoe  being  in  Virginia, 
and  taken  prisoner  by  the  power  of  Powhatan  ^  a  relation  to 
their  chiefe  King,  I  received  from  this  great  Salv-  Anne"*of 
age  exceeding  great  courtusie,  especially  from  Pocahontixs. 
his  Sonne  Nantaquaus,  the  most  manUest,  comeliest,  boldest 
spirit,  I  ever  saw  in  a  Salvage,  and  his  sister  Pocahontas,  the 
Kinofs  most  deare  and  well-beloved  dauohter,  beins"  but  a 
cliilde  of  twelve  or  thirteene  yeeres  ^  of  age,  whose  compas- 
sionate pitifull  heart,  of  my  desperata  estate,  gave  me  much 
cause  to  respect  her :  I  being  the  first  christian  this  proud 
King  and  his  grim  attendants  ever  saw  :  and  thus  inthralled 
in  their  barbarous  power,  I  cannot  say  I  felt  the  least  occa- 
sion of  want  that  was  in  the  power  of  those  my  mortall  foes 
to  prevent,  notwithstanding  al  their  threats.  After  some 
SLK  weeks  ^  fatting  amongst  those  Salvage  Courtiers,  at  the 
minute  of  my  execution,  she  hazarded  the  beating  out  of 
her  owne  braines  ^  to  save  mine ;  and  not  onely  that,  but  so 


^  As  Smith  was  taken  prisoner  in 
December,  1607,  we  would  infer  from 
this  sentence  that  this  letter  was  writ- 
ten about  December,  1617,  or  nearly 
a  year  after  the  death  of  Pocahontas. 
I  can  readily  understand  why  Smith's 
vanity  made  him  "apropriate  many 
deserts  to  himself  which  he  never  per- 
formed," and  why  his  envy  made  him 
"  stuff  his  relaeyons  with  so  many  f al- 
seties  and  malycyous  detractyons  "  of 
others  ;  but  why  he  is  nearly  always 
inaccurate  in  his  dates  and  periods  of 
time  has  puzzled  me  greatly.  Correct 
dates  are  essential  to  history. 

^  He  was  taken  by  Opechancanough, 
chief  of  the  Pamaunkeys. 

*  The  time  here  referred  to  is  De- 
cember, 1607.  Smith  has  told  us  in 
LIV.  that  she  was  ten  years  old  in 
May,  1608. 

*  This  sentence  is  not  trustworthy  ; 
it  begins  with  an  untruth.  He  was 
certainly  not  a  prisoner  over  three 
weeks  in  all. 

*  Tliis  incident  has  been  fully  dis- 


cussed. It  is  one  of  the  afterthoughts 
of  Smith's  General  History.  Smith  was 
a  negative  hero.  He  praises  himself 
and  abuses  his  peers,  which  heroes  are 
not  wont  to  do.  He  does  not  save  wo- 
men as  heroes  usually  do  ;  but  women 
save  him,  in  every  quarter  of  the 
globe,  save  Africa  —  Turk,  Tartar,  and 
Indian.  Why  did  he  slight  the  negro  ? 
He  was  as  much  a  character  of  his 
time  as  Thomas  Coryat  and  Artherus 
Severus  Nonesuch  O'Toole,  and  evi- 
dently afforded  as  much  amusement  to 
the  poets  and  wits  of  the  day.  His 
women  incidents  are  thus  taken  off  by 
Richard  Brathwait :  — 

"  Two  greatest  Shires  of  England  did  tliee  beare, 
Renowned  Torkshire,  Gaunt-stild  Lancashire ; 
But  what 's  all  this  ?  even  Earth,  Sea,  Heaven 

above, 
Tragabigzanda,  Callamata's  love, 
Deare  Pocahontas,  Madam  Shanoi's  too. 
Who  did  what  love  with  modesty  could  doe  : 
Record  tliy  worth,  thy  birth,  wliieli  as  I  live, 
Even  in  tliy  reading  such  clioice  solace  give. 
As  I  could  \visli  (such  wishes  would  doe  well) 
Many  such  Smith's  in  this  our  Israel." 

Brathwait  was  quite  a  famous   poet. 


786  PERIOD   IV.     JULY,  1614-JULY,  1616. 

prevailed  vnih.  her  father,  that  I  was  safely  conducted  to 
Jamestowne  :  where  I  found  about  eight  and  thirtie  miser- 
able jDOore  and  sicke  creatures,  to  keepe  possession  of  all 
those  large  territories  of  Virginia ;  ^  such  was  the  Aveaknesse 
of  this  poore  commonwealth,  as  had  the  Salvages  not  fed  us, 
we  directly  had  starved.  And  this  rehefe,  most  gracious 
Queene,  was  commonly  brought  us  by  this  Lady  Pocahontas. 
"  Notwithstanding  all  these  passages,  when  inconstant 
Fortune  turned  our  peace  to  warre,  this  tender  Virgin  would 
still  not  spare  to  dare  to  visit  us,  and  by  her  our  jarres  have 
beene  oft  appeased,  and  our  wants  still  supplyed ;  were  it 
the  policie  of  her  father  thus  to  imploy  her,  or  the  ordinance 
of  God  thus  to  make  her  his  instrument,  or  her  extraordi- 
narie  affection  to  our  Nation,  I  know  not :  but  of  this  I  am 
sure ;  when  her  father  with  the  utmost  of  his  policie  and 
power,  sought  to  surprize  mee,  having  but  eighteene "  with 
mee,  the  darke  nio;ht  could  not  affrio;ht  her  from  comming- 
through  the  irkesome  woods,  and  with  watered  eies  gave  me 
intelHgence,^  with  her  best  adA-ice  to  escape  his  f  urie ;  which 
had  liee  knowne,  bee  had  surely  slaine  her. 

He   wrote    Drunken    Bnrnahy^s   Four    story  he  asserts  that  on  his  return  he, 

Journeys  to  the  North  of  England,"  in     "with   the    hazard   of   his   life,   with 

which  occur  the  often  quoted  lines  :  —     sakre   falcon  and  musket  shot "  pre- 

,,  __,  T«      t      n     >  vented  the  abandonment  of  the  coun- 

"  To  Banbury  came  I,  O  profane  One  ! 

"Where  I  saw  a  puritane  one  try ;  that  he  "  layd  those  by  the  heeles  " 

Hanging  of  his  cat  on  Monday  who  brought  charges  against  him  ;  that 

For  killing  of  a  mouse  on  Sundaj-."  -uiiiiii-i.        -Ui.  ii       _ 

^  •'he  had  but  thirty-eight  men  to  keep 

^  It  is  true  there  were  only  from  that  great  country  ;  that  once  in  eyery 

thirty-eight   to  forty-five  Englishmen  four   or  five   days   Pocahontas   saved 

at  Jamestown  on  the  morning  of  Jan-  their  lives  by  bringing  in  provisions, 

uary   2,   160;.   when  Smith  returned  ;  and  that  finally  Newport  arrived.    The 

but  Ratcliffe,  and  not  Smith,  was  in  condemned    prisoner  of  a  single   day 

authority  at  the  time.     The  account  of  presents  himself  to  us  as  the  Lord  and 

this  time    in   the   General   History   is  Master  of  a  week  or  more, 

very     misleading.      Smith    evidently  ^  There   were  thirty-eight   English 

feels  the  great  weakness  of  his  case,  and    four    Dutchmen    present.     This 

and  sees  the  necessity  of  strengthen-  Pocahontas  incident  is  another  after- 

ing  his  position.     He  reached  James-  thought  of  the  General  History.     It  is 

town   in   the   morning,  was   arrested,  not  in  the  account  of  this  voyage  in 

tried  and  convicted,  and  his  execution  CCXLV. 

was   only    prevented   by    the    arrival  ^  Another  Pocahontas  afterthought. 

of   Ne^vpo^t,   with  provisions,  on  the  Her  name  does  not  occur  in  the  nar- 

evening  of  the  same  day.     Yet  in  his  rative  of  this  event  in  CCXLV. 


CAPTAIN  JOHN  SMITH  TO   QUEEN  ANNE.  787 

"James  towne  with  her  wild  traine  she  as  freely  fre- 
quented, as  her  fathers  habitation ;  and  during  the  time  of 
two  or  three  yeeres,  she  next  under  God,  was  still  the  instru- 
ment to  preserve  this  Colonie  from  death,  famine  and  utter 
confusion  ;  which  if  in  those  times,  had  once  beene  dissolved, 
Virofinia  mioht  have  line  as  it  was  at  our  first  arrivall  to 
this  day.^ 

"  Since  then,  this  businesse  having  beene  turned  and 
varied  by  many  accidents  from  that  I  left  it  at :  it  is  most 
certaine,  after  a  long  and  troublesome  warre  after  my  de- 
parture, betwixt  her  father  and  our  Colonie ;  all  which  time 
shee  was  not  heard  of. 

"  About  two  yeeres  after "  shee  herself e  was  taken  pris- 
oner, being  so  detained  neere  two  yeeres  longer,  the  Colo- 
nie by  that  meanes  was  relieved,  peace  concluded ;  and  at 
last  rejectmg  her  barbarous  condition,  was  maried  to  an 
English  gentleman,  with  whom  at  this  present  she  is  in 
England  ;  the  first  Christian  ^  ever  of  that  Nation,  the  first 
Virginian  ever  spake  English,  or  had  a  cliilde"*  in  mariage 
by  an  Englishman  ;  a  matter  surely,  if  my  meaning  bee  truly 
considered  and  well  understood,  worthy  a  Princes  under- 
standing. 

"  Thus,  most  gracious  Lady,  I  have  related  to  your  Mai- 
estie,  what  at  your  best  leasure  our  approved  Histories  will 
account  you  at  large,^  and  done  in  the  time  of  your  Maies- 
ties  life ;  and  however  this  might  bee  presented  you  from  a 

^  The  success  of  the  movement  for  in  April,  1614,  one  year  after  her  cap- 
establishing  English  colonies  in  Araer-  tare. 

ica  never  depended  on  John  Smitli  or  ^  This  may  not  have  been  very  wel- 

Pocahontas  ;  but  it  seems  evident  that  come  news  to  Queen  Anne  ;  in   fact 

the  managers  of  the  enterprise  valued  the  letter  does  not  seem  very  appro- 

the  services  of  Pocahontas  much  more  priate  to  her,  as  her  sympathies   are 

highly  than  they  did  those  of  Smith  ;  said   to   have   been   with   the  Roman 

and  Smith  himself  was  probably  fully  Catholics  at  this  time, 

aware  of  this  fact.  *  It  has  been  asserted,  on  what  au- 

2  Smith  was  sent  from  Virginia  as  thority,  I  know  not,  that  the  child  was 

a    prisoner   early   in    October,    1609.  born   in   England.     It  was   evidently 

Pocahontas  was  taken  in  April,  1613  ;  born  before  this  letter  was  written, 

was  converted,  and  afterwards  married  ^  The  account  at  large  referred  to  is 

in  CCCXXVII. 


788  PERIOD   IV.    JULY,  1G14-JULY,  1616. 

more  worthy  pen,  it  cannot  from  a  more  honest  heart,  as  yet 
I  never  begged  anything  of  the  state,  or  any  :  ^  and  it  is  my 
want  of  abihtie  and  her  exceeding  desert ;  your  birth,  meanes 
and  authoritie ;  hir  bii'th,  vertue,  want  and  simpHcitie,  doth 
jnake  mee  thus  bold,  humbly  to  beseech  your  Maiestie  to 
take  this  knowledge  of  her,  though  it  be  from  one  so  un- 
worthy to  be  the  reporter,  as  myselfe,  her  husbands  estate 
not  being  able  to  make  her  fit  to  attend  your  Maiestie.^  The 
most  and  least  I  can  doe,  is  to  tell  you  this,  because  none  so 
oft  hath  tried  it  as  myselfe,  and  the  rather  being  of  so  great 
a  spirit,  however  her  stature :  if  she  should  not  be  well  re- 
ceived, seeing  this  Kingdome  may  rightly  have  a  Kingdome 
by  her  meanes ;  her  present  love  to  us  and  christianitie 
might  turne  to  such  scorne  and  furie,  as  to  divert  all  this 
good  to  the  worst  of  evill :  where  finding  so  great  a  Queene 
should  doe  her  some  honour  more  than  she  can  imagine,  for 
being  so  kinde  to  your  servants  and  subjects,  would  so  rav- 
ish her  with  content,  as  endeare  her  dearest  bloud  to  effect 
that,  your  Majestic  and  all  the  Kings  honest  subjects  most 
earnestly  desire. 

"  And  so  I  humbly  kisse  your  gracious  hands." 

^  Wingfielcl    says   he    was   an  un-  tas  were   concerned,   and   the   writer 

licensed  beggar  m  Ireland  before  he  seems  to  be  well  aware  of  this  fact, 

went  to  Virginia,  and  evidently  during  for  although  it  is  written  ostensibly  in 

the  last  fifteen  or  twenty  years  of  his  her  interest,  it  does  not  lose  sight  of 

life,  "  he  worked  his  self-asserted  ser-  the  interest  of  Smith  for  a  moment. 

vices  in  America  for  all  that  they  were  Charles    Dudley    Warner    well   says, 

worth,"  and  not  without  some  success.  "  Fortunate  is  the  hero  who  links  his 

2  Her  husband,  John  Rolfe,  was  of  name    romantically    with    that    of   a 

a  good  family  ;  she  was  brought  over  woman."     And  this  was  Smith's  forte  ; 

by,  and  was  an  object  of  great  inter-  according  to  his  aceoont,  "  he  was  res- 

est  to,  people  of  far  greater  influence  cued   and  protected   and   felt   reliefe 

than  Smith.     The  letter  was  superflu-  from  that  sex  in  his  greatest  dangers  " 

oas  so  far  as  the  interests  of  Pocahon-  in  nearly  every  quarter  of  the  globe. 


CHAMBERLAIN  TO   CARLETON,   JUNE   22,  1616.  789 

CCCLVII.   CAREW  TO   ROE,   JUNE,  1616. 
FROM  CAEEW  TO  ROE,    CAMDEN  SOC.   PUB.   1S60,   PAGE  36. 

"  Sir  Thomas  Dale  retourned  f  rome  Virginia  :  he  hathe 
brought  divers  men  and  women  of  that  countrye  to  be  edu- 
cated here,  and  one  Rolfe,  who  maried  a  daughter  of 
Pohetan  (the  barbarous  prince)  called  Pocahuntus,  hathe 
brouo'ht  his  wife  withe  him  into  Enoland.  The  worst  of 
that  plantation  is  past,  for  our  men  are  well  victualled  by 
there  owne  Industrie,  but  yett  no  proffit  is  retourned.  In 
the  Bermudas  little  good  is  to  be  expected ;  they  make  some 
tobacco,  but  of  other  Industrie,  I  heare  nothinge.  Since 
our  plantation  there  the  ratts  are  so  multiplied,  whereof 
that  island  was  free,  as  that  they  destroyed  whatsoever  is 
planted." 

CCCLVIII.  CHAMBERLAIN  TO  CARLETON,  JUNE  22,  1616. 
FROM  ENGLISH  STATE  PAPER   OFFICE. 

"  Sir  Frauncis  Bacon  has  been  sworn  of  the  Counsaile 
and  was  in  election  by  every  man's  account  to  be  presently 
Lord  Keeper ;  but  that  rumor  is  since  reasonablie  cooled, 
and  yt  is  saide  he  must  tarrie  the  time  till  he  may  be  Lord 
Chauncellor,  for  (as  a  Lady  told  the  King)  yt  is  to  be 
doubted  he  will  never  be  a  goode  keeper.   .   .  . 

"  Sir  Thomas  Dale  is  arrived  from  Virginia  and  brought 
with  him  some  ten  or  twelve  old  and  younge  of  that  Coun- 
trie,  among  whom  the  most  remarquable  person  is  Poca- 
huntas  (daughter  to  Powatan  a  Kinge  or  cacique  of  that 
Countrie)  married  to  one  Rolfe  an  Englishman  :  I  heare  not 
of  any  other  riches  or  matter  of  worth,  but  only  some  quan- 
titie  of  Sassafras,  tobacco,  pitch  and  clapboord,  things  of 
no  great  value  unles  there  Avere  more  plentie  and  neerer 
hand.  All  I  can  learne  of  yt  is  that  the  countrie  is  goode 
to  live  in  yf  yt  were  stored  with  people  and  might  in  time 
become  commodious,  but  there  is  no  present  profit  to  be 


790  PERIOD   IV.    JULY,  1614-JULY,  1616. 

expected :  but  you  may  understand  more  by  himself  [Sir 
Thomas  Dale]  when  he  comes  into  those  parts,  which  he 
pretends  to  do  within  a  moneth  or  little  more."  .  .  . 

CCCLIX.   ROLFE'S   RELATION  TO  JAMES   I. 
KIMBOLTON  MANUSCRIPTS,  NO.  208. 

"  A  true  relation  of  the  State  of  Virginia  at  the  time 
when  Sir  Thomas  Dale  left  it  in  May,  1616."  It  is  in  the 
form  of  a  letter  from  John  Rolf  to  Sir  Robert  Rich.  This 
is  the  same  document  which  Rolf  also  sent  "  to  the  Kincf's 
most  Sacred  Majestie."  "  It  was  carefully  transcribed  from 
the  Royall  MSS.,"  and  was  published  in  the  "  Southern 
Literary  Messenger  "  for  June,  1839  (vol.  v.  p.  401),  from 
which  it  was  copied  into  Maxwell's  "  Virginia  Historical 
Register  "  for  July,  1848,  vol.  i.  No.  iii.  pp.  ^101-113.  It  is 
catalogued  at  the  British  Museum  as  "  Royal  MS.  18.  A. 
XI.  John  Rolf's  Relation." 

It  gives  a  brief  review  of  the  colony  from  the  beginning, 
but  is  mainly  devoted  to  giving  the  state  of  the  colony  in 
the  spring  of  1616. 

[Mem.  —  Soon  after  the  return  of  Dale  in  the  summer 
of  1616,  the  company  sent  out  "  the  first  Magaziu  "  in  a 
small  ship  called  the  Susan.] 

CCCLX.  ABBOT'S  GEOGRAPHY. 

George  Abbot,  afterwards  Archbishop  of  Canterbury, 
while  master  of  University  College,  Oxford,  wrote  for  his 
pupils,  "  A  Briefe  Description  of  the  whole  world,"  gen- 
erally known  as  "  Abbot's  Geography."  The  first  edition 
was  published  in  1599  ;  the  following  is  extracted  from  the 
fifth  edition,  1620  (I  have  no  other),  but  the  matter  was 
evidently  written  in  1616  or  before,  probably  for  the  fourth 
edition,  which  issued,  I  believe  in  1617.  The  second  edition 
is  dated  1600,  and  the  third,  1608.     The  J.  Carter-Brown 


MARGARET  RUSSELL-CLIFFORD 
Coiinti'.'^s  of  Cninhfrltiud 


ABBOT'S  GEOGRAPHY.  791 

Library  has  a  copy  of  the  third  edition.  The  book  con- 
tains 172  unnumbered  pages  of  nearly  350  words  each. 
Numerous  editions  have  been  printed,  and  it  is  not  a  high- 
priced  book. 

It  has  never  been  reprinted  in  this  country  so  far  as  I 
know.  It  is  interesting,  as  showing  what  was  taught  in 
the  schools  of  those  days  about  the  New  World. 

"  A  Briefe  Description  of  the  whole  world.  Wherein  is 
particularly  described  all  the  Monarchies,  Empires  and 
Kingdomes  of  the  same,  with  their  Academies.  Newly 
augmented  and  enlarged ;  with  their  severall  Titles  and 
scituations  thereunto  adjoyning. 

'•  At  London,  Printed  for  John  Marriot,  and  are  to  be 
sold  at  his  shop  in  Saint  Dunston's  Church  Yard  in  Fleet- 
street.     1620."     [Title  page.] 

From  the  chapter  "  Of  America,  or  the  new  World." 

•  •  •  "  Among  other  strange  opinions,  which  they  con- 
ceived of  the  Spaniards,  this  was  one,  that  they  were  the 
sons  of  some  God,  and  not  borne  of  mortall  seed,  but  sent 
downe  from  Heaven  unto  them  ;  and  this  conceit,  was  the 
stronger  in  them,  because  at  the  first,  in  such  conflicts  as 
they  had  with  them,  they  could  kill  few  or  none  of  them ; 
the  reason  whereof  was,  partly  the  Armour  of  the  Spaniards, 
and  partly  the  want  of  Iron  and  Steele  upon  the  Arrowes 
which  the  Americans  did  shoote  :  but  they  were  not  very 
long  of  that  opinion,  that  they  were  immortal,  but  reformed 
their  errour,  both  by  seeing  the  dead  corses  of  some  of  the 
Christians,  and  by  trying  an  experiment  upon  some  of  them 
also :  for  they  tooke  of  them,  and  put  their  heads  under 
the  water,  and  held  them  till  they  were  choaked ;  by  which 
they  knew  them  to  be  of  the  same  nature  as  other  men. 

"  Among  other  points  which  did  shew  the  great  igno- 
rance and  unlettered  stupiditie  of  these  Indians,  this  was 
one,  that  they  could  not  conceive  the  force  of  writing  of 
Letters;  in  so  much  that  when  one  Spaniard  would  send 
unto  another,  being  distant  in  place,  in  India,  with  any  pro- 


792  PERIOD  IV.    JULY,  1614-JULY,  1616. 

vision,  and  -would  write  a  Letter  by  him,  what  the  fellow 
had  received  from  him  :  The  poore  Indian  would  marvaile 
how  it  should  be  possible  that  he  to  whom  he  came  should 
be  able  to  know  all  things,  which  either  himselfe  brought, 
or  the  sender  directed :  And  thereupon  divers  of  them  did 
thinke,  that  there  was  some  kinde  of  Spirit  in  the  Paper, 
and  marveilously  stood  in  feare  of  such  a  thing  as  a  Letter 
was. 

"  This  country  yeeldeth  great  aboundance  of  strange 
Hearbes,  the  like  whereof  are  not  to  be  found  in  other 
parts  of  the  world  :  as  also  some  very  rare  Beasts."   .   .   . 

From  the  chapter  "  Of  the  parts  of  America  towards  the 
North." 

..."  The  French  had  built  in  Florida  upon  the  river  of 
Mayo,  where  they  were  visited  by  our  Sir  John  Hawkins,  a 
fort,  which  they  called  fort  Carolin,  and  had  reasonably 
assured  themselves  for  their  defence  against  the  natives : 
but  some  malicious  spirits  amongst  them  fled  to  the  Span- 
iards, with  whom  they  returned  againe  into  Florida  to  the 
murther  and  overthrow  of  their  owne  countrimen.   .   .   . 

"  After  this  departure  of  the  Spaniards  out  of  Florida, 
brought  thither  by  Ferdinando  de  Soto,  who  died  in  the 
Country  ;  after  the  defeat  of  the  French,  and  their  revenge 
againe  taken  on  the  Spaniards,  the  King  of  Spaine  sent 
thither  some  small  forces  to  take  possession  of  the  Country, 
and  set  downe  there  j  for  no  other  end  as  it  is  thought,  but 
to  keepe  out  other  nations  from  entring  there ;  the  one 
halfe  whereof  set  downe  on  the  River  of  Saint  Augustine, 
and  the  other  halfe  a  dozen  leagcues  from  thence  to  the 
Northward,  at  a  place  by  them  called  Saint  Helena. 

"  In  the  yeare  1586,  as  Sir  Francis  Drake  came  coasting 
along  from  Carthagena,  a  citie  in  the  maine  land,  to  which 
he  put  over,  and  tooke  it  after  he  departed  from  Sancto 
Domingo,  when  the  mortality  that  was  amongst  our  English 
had  made  them  to  give  over  their  enterprise,  to  goe  with 
Nombre  de  Dios,  and  so  overland  to  Pannania,  there  to 
have  stricken   the  stroake  for  the  treasure  ;  as  he  was  on 


ABBOT'S  GEOGRAPHY,  793 

the  coost  of  Florida,  in  the  height  of  30.  our  men  de- 
scribed on  the  shore  a  place  built  hke  a  Beacon,  which  was 
made  for  men  to  discover  to  Seaward  :  so  comming  to  the 
shore,  they  marched  along  the  Rivers  side,  till  they  came  to 
a  fort  built  all  of  whole  trees,  which  the  Spaniards  called 
the  Fort  of  Saint  John,  where  the  King  entertained  halfe  his 
forces  that  he  then  had  in  that  Country,  which  were  an 
hundred  and  fiftie  souldiers :  the  like  number  being  at 
Saint  Helena,  all  of  them  under  the  Government  of  Petro 
Melendez,  Nephew  to  the  Admirall  Melendez,  that  a  fifteene 
or  sixteene  ye:ires  before  had  beene  to-bring  with  our  Eng- 
lish in  the  bay  of  Mexico ;  ^  this  fort  our  English  tooke,  and 
not  farre  from  thence  the  Towne  also  of  Saint  Auo^ustine 
upon  the  same  river,  where  resolving  to  undertake  also  the 
enterprise  of  Saint  Helena ;  when  they  came  to  the  havens 
mouth  where  they  should  enter,  they  durst  not  for  the  dan- 
gerous shols  :  wherefore  they  forsooke  the  place,  coasting 
along  to  Virginia,  where  they  tooke  in  Mr.  Ralphe  Lane 
and  his  Company,  and  so  came  into  England,  as  you  shall 
heare  when  we  speake  of  Virginia. 

"  In  these  Northerne  parts  of  America,  but  especially 
within  the  maine  Continent,  some  have  written  (but  how 
truely  I  cannot  tell)  that  there  is  a  Sea,  which  hath  no 
entercourse  at  all  with  the  Ocean  :  so  that  if  there  be  any 
third  place  beside  the  Mare  Caspium,  and  the  Mare  Mor- 
tuum  in  Palestina,  which  retaineth  in  itselfe  great  saltnesse 
and  yet  mingleth  not  with  the  other  seas,  it  is  in  these 
Countries.  .   .  . 

"The  Englishmen  also,  desirous  by  Navigation  to  adde 
something  unto  their  owne  Country,  as  before  time  they 
had  travailed  toward  the  farthest  North-part  of  America ; 
so  lately  finding  that  part  which  lieth  betweene  Florida  and 
Nova  Francia  AVas  not  inhabited  by  any  Christians,  and  was 

^  Was  Admiral  Pedro  Menendez  de  Vera  Cruz  near  the  end  of  September, 

Avil^s   in   command   of   the    Spanish  1568  ?     The  reference  must  be  to  this 

fleet  which  made  the  attack  on  Cap-  evenfe 
tain    John    Hawkins   in   the   Bay   of 


794  PERIOD   IV.     JULY,  1614-JULY,  1616. 

a  Land  fruitfull  and  fit  to  plant  in  :  they  sent  thither  two 
severall  times,  two  severall  Companies,  as  Colonies,  to  inhabit 
that  part,  which  in  remembrance  of  the  Virginity  of  their 
Queene,  they  called  Virginia.  But  this  voyage  being 
enterprised  upon  by  private  men,  and  being  not  throughly 
followed  by  the  State,  the  possession  of  this  Virginia,  for 
that  time  was  discontinued,  and  the  Country  left  to  the  old 
inhabitants. 

"  There  were  some  EngHsh  people,  who  after  they  had 
understood  the  calmnes  of  the  Climate,  and  goodnes  of  the 
Soyle,  did  upon  the  instigation  of  some  Gentlemen  of  Eng- 
land, voluntarily  offer  themselves,  even  with  their  wives  and 
children,  to  goe  into  those  parts  to  inhabite ;  but  when  the 
most  of  them  came  there  (upon  some  occasions)  they 
returned  home  againe  the  first  time,  which  caused  that  the 
second  yeare,  there  was  a  great  company  transported  thither, 
who  were  provided  of  many  necessaries,  and  continued  there 
over  a  whole  winter,  under  the  guiding  of  M.  Lane  :  but 
not  finding  any  sustenance  in  the  Country  (which  could 
well  brooke  with  their  nature,  and  being  too  meanely  pro- 
vided of  Corne  and  victuals  from  England)  they  had  like  to 
have  perished  with  famine ;  and  therefoxe  thought  them- 
selves happy  when  Sir  Francis  Drake,  comming  that  way 
from  the  Westerne  Indies,  would  take  them  into  his  ships, 
and  bring  them  home  into  their  native  Country.  Yet 
some  there  were  of  those  EngHsh,  which  being  left  behinde, 
ranged  up  &  down  the  Country  (and  hovering  about  the 
Sea  Coast)  made  meanes  at  last  (after  their  enduring  much 
misery)  by  some  Christian  ships  to  be  brought  back  againe 
into  England. 

"  While  they  were  there  inhabiting  there  were  some  chil- 
dren borne,  and  baptized  in  those  parts,  and  they  might 
well  have  endured  the  Country,  if  they  might  have  had 
such  strength  as  to  keepe  off  the  inhabitants  from  troubling 
them  in  tilling  the  ground,  and  reaping  such  corne  as  they 
would  have  sowed. 

"  Againe  in  the  daies  of  our  now  raigning  soveraigne. 


ABBOT'S  GEOGRAPHY.  795 

in  the  yeare  of  our  Lord  1606.  the  English  planted  them- 
selves in  Virginia,  under  the  degrees  37.  38.  39.  where  they 
doe  to  this  day  continue,  and  have  built  three  Townes  and 
forts,  as  namely  James-towne  and  Henrico ;  fort  Henricke, 
and  fort  Charles,  with  others,  which  they  hold  and  inhabite ; 
sure  retreats  for  them  against  the  force  of  the  natives,  and 
reasonable  secured  places  against  any  power  that  may  come 
against  them  by  Sea. 

"  In  the  same  height,  but  a  good  distance  from  the  coast 
of  Virginia,  lyeth  the  Hand  called  by  the  Spaniards,  La 
Bermuda,  but  by  our  English  the  Summer  Hands,  which  of 
late  is  inhabited  also  by  our  Countrimen. 

"  North-ward  from  them  on  the  Sea  Coast,  lieth  Norum- 
bega,  which  is  the  South  part  of  that  which  the  Frenchmen 
did,  without  disturbance  of  any  Christian,  for  a  time  pos- 
sesse.  For  the  French-men  did  discover  a  large  part  of 
America,  toward  the  circle  Articke,  and  did  build  there 
some  Townes,  &  named  it  of  their  own  country  Nova  Fran- 
cia."  .  .  . 

Abbot  then  refers  to  the  voyages  of  Frobisher  to  the 
Northwest,  to  Newfoundland  fish.  Sir  Francis  Drake  in  Nova 
Albion,  etc.  The  two  chapters  on  America,  from  which  I 
have  made  the  foregoing  extracts,  contain  a  total  of  9,000 
words. 

[Mem.  —  There  are  some  remarks  on  "  Foreign  Planta- 
tions and  Colonies  "  in  Bacon's  Advice  to  Viscount  Villiers, 
which  was  probably  first  written  in  the  summer  of  1616,  but 
I  do  not  think  it  necessary  to  give  them  herein,  as  they  have 
been  frequently  printed,  and  as  Bacon's  ideas  in  the  prem- 
ises will  be  found  given  at  greater  length  in  CCCLXIIL] 


ILLUSTRATIVE  DOCUMENTS. 

The  following  documents  (CCCLXI.  to  CCCLXV.)  were 
written  after  the  special  period  of  which  we  treat ;  but  they 
are  given  for  several  special  reasons. 


CCCLXI.     HIS  MAJESTY'S   COUNCIL  FOR  THE  VIRGINIA 

COMPANY. 

FEOM  DUEE  OF  MANCHESTER  RECORDS.     EIMBOLTON  MANU- 
SCRIPTS, NO.  2SS. 

A  part  of  this  document  really  belongs  to  this  period,  and 
a  part  to  a  little  later  time ;  but  it  seems  best  to  give  the 
whole  of  it,  rather  than  an  extract ;  especially  as  the  men 
were  members  of  the  company  before  1617.  ' 

The  names  from  the  Earl  of  Bath  to  George  Thorpe 
were  probably  added  to  the  council  during  1613-16 ;  from 
Tufton  to  Greenewell,  diu-ing  1617-18 ;  and  the  remainder 
were  probably  appointed  under  the  Warwick-Sandys  agree- 
ment in  the  spring  of  1619. 

"  The  names  of  such  as  have  bin  chosen  to  be  of  his  Ma- 
jesties Councell  for  Virginia  since  the  date  of  the  third 
Pattent  — 

William  [Bourchier]  Earle  of  Bathe. 

Sir  Robert  Phillips,  Knight. 

Sir  John  Davers,  Knight. 

Sir  Lionell  Cranfield  Knight. 

Sir  Anthoine  Aucher. 

John  Wroth  Esquier. 

Richard  Chamberlaine,  merchant. 

Robert  Johnson,  merchant. 

George  Thorpe. 

Sir  Nicholas  Tufton,  Knight. 


BROADSIDE  BY  THE  VIRGINIA  COUNCIL.  797 

James  [Hay]  Lord  Viscount  Doncaster. 

Sir  Henry  Rainsford. 

Sir  Francis  Egioke. 

Captaine  George  Yardely. 

Mr.  Morris  Abbot,  merchant. 

Mr.  Robert  Offley,  merchant. 

Sir  Edward  Harwood. 

Mr.  William  Greenewell  merchant. 

Robert  [Rich]  Earle  of  Warwicke. 

Sir  Thomas  Cheeke. 

Sir  Nathaniel  Rich. 

John  Farrar,  merchant. 

Captaine  Nathaniel  Butler. 

Robert  Heath,  Esquier,  Recorder  of  the  Citie  of  London. 

Thomas  Gibbe  Esquier." 

CCCLXII.     BROADSIDE  BY  THE  VIRGINIA  COUNCIL. 

This  is  one  of  the  documents  preserved  by  Mr.  John 
Smith  of  Nibley.  Mr.  Charles  H.  Kalbfleisch  of  New  York 
has  an  original,  and  I  know  of  no  other. 

Its  exact  date  is  uncertain ;  but  it  was  written  some  time 
in  the  winter  of  1616-17  probably,  after  the  period  we 
are  specially  treating ;  but  as  it  has  never  been  printed  in 
this  country,  and  as  it  is  really  illustrative  of  Dale's  govern- 
ment, I  have  concluded  to  give  it. 

"  By  his  Majesties  Councell  for  Virginia. 

"  Whereas  upon  the  returne  of  Sir  Thomas  Dale  Knight, 
(Marshall  of  Virginia)  the  Treasurer,  Councell  and  Com- 
pany of  the  same,  have  beene  throughly  informed  and  as- 
sured of  the  good  estat  of  that  Colony,  and  how  by  the 
blessing  of  God  and  good  government,  there  is  great  plentie 
and  increase  of  Corne,  Cattell,  Goates,  Swine,  and  such  other 
provisions,  necessary  for  the  hfe  and  sustenance  of  man  ; 
And  that  there  wants  nothins:  for  the  setlinor  of  that  Chris- 
tian  Plantation,  but  more  hands  to  gather  and  returne  those 


798  ILLUSTRATIVE  DOCUMENTS. 

commodities  which  may  bring  profit  to  the  Adventurers,  and 
encouragement  to  others  :  And  whereas  thereupon  the  Com- 
pany hath  given  a  commission  to  Captaine  Samuel  Argol 
to  be  the  present  Governour  of  that  Colonic,  who  hath 
undertaken  to  transport  and  carry  thither  a  certain  number 
of  men,  upon  his  owne  charge,  and  the  charge  of  other  his 
friends  ^  that  joyne  with  him  in  that  Voyage ;  in  which 
divers  men  of  good  qualitie  have  resolved  to  adventure,  and 
to  goe  thither  themselves  in  person,  and  to  carry  with  them 
their  wives,  their  children  and  their  families,  whereby  in 
short  time  (by  the  favour  and  assistance  of  Almighty  God) 
that  good  worke  may  be  brought  to  good  perfection,  by  the 
division  and  setting  out  of  lands  to  every  particular  person, 
the  setling  of  trade,  and  returne  of  Commodities  to  the  con- 
tentment and  satisfaction  of  all  Well  affected  Subjects, 
which  eyther  love  the  advancement  of  Rehgion,  or  the  hon- 
our and  welfare  of  this  kingdome :  Wee  his  Majesties 
Treasurer,  Councell  and  Company  for  the  same  Plantation, 
have  thought  good  to  declare  and  make  knowne  to  all  men 
by  these  presents,  that  wee  have  resolved  to  give  free  leave 
and  license  to  any  who  are  now  remaining  in  Virginia,  at 
his  will  and  pleasure  to  returne  home  into  England,  which 
liberty  wee  doe  likewise  grant  and  confirme  unto  all  those 
which  hereafter  from  time  to  time  shall  goe  thither  in  per- 
son, without  any  other  restraint,  then  to  aske  leave  of  the 
Governour  (for  the  time  being)  to  depart.  And  therefore 
if  any  man  be  disposed  to  send  any  supply  to  his  friends 
there,  or  to  send  for  any  of  his  friends  from  thence,  he  may 
hereby  take  notice,  that  he  hath  full  power  and  meanes  to 
doe  eyther  of  them  at  his  good  descretion. 
"  God  save  the  King." 

^  Among  these  was  his  brother,  John     liam  Lovelace  and  of  Captain  Raphe 
Argall,  Esq.     See  sketches  of  Sir  Wil-     Hamor. 


BACON'S  ESSAY  OF  PLANTATIONS.  799 

CCCLXIII.     BACON'S   ESSAY   OF   PLANTATIONS. 

This  essay  bears  internal  evidence  of  having  been  revised 
for  publication  between  1620  and  1624 ;  but  I  believe  it  to 
have  been  first  written  at  an  earlier  date. 

I  give  it  as  an  illustrative  document,  and  because  I  think 
it  will  be  interesting  to  compare  Lord  Bacon's  essay  with 
the  Broadsides  of  His  Majesty's  Council  for  the  Virginia 
Company,  of  which  Lord  Bacon  was  a  member. 

«  Of  Plantations. 

"  Plantations  are  amongst  ancient,  primitive,  and  heroical 
works.  When  the  World  was  young  it  begat  more  chil- 
dren ;  but  now  it  is  old,  it  begets  fewer,  for  I  may  justly 
account  new  plantations  to  be  the  children  of  former  king- 
doms. I  like  a  plantation  in  a  pure  soil ;  that  is,  where 
people  are  not  displanted,  to  the  end  to  plant  in  others  ;  for 
else  it  is  rather  an  extirpation  than  a  plantation.  Planting 
of  countries  is  like  planting  of  Woods  ;  for  you  must  make 
account  to  lose  almost  twenty  years'  profit,  and  expect 
your  recompense  in  the  end :  for  the  principal  thing  that 
hath  been  the  destruction  of  most  plantations,  has  been  the 
base  and  hasty  drawing  of  profit  in  the  first  years.  It  is 
true,  speedy  profit  is  not  to  be  neglected,  as  far  as  may  stand 
with  the  good  of  the  plantation,  but  no  farther.  It  is  a 
shameful  and  unblessed  thing  to  take  the  scum  of  people 
and  wicked  and  condemned  men,  to  be  the  people  with 
whom  you  plant ;  and  not  only  so,  but  it  spoileth  the  plan- 
tation ;  for  they  will  ever  live  like  rogues,  and  not  fall  to 
work,  but  be  lazy,  and  do  mischief,  and  spend  victuals,  and 
be  quickly  weary,  and  then  certify  over  to  their  country  to 
the  discredit  of  the  plantation.  The  people  wdierewith  you 
plant  ought  to  be  gardeners,  ploughmen,  laborers,  smiths, 
carpenters,  joiners,  fishermen,  fowlers,  with  some  few  apoth- 
ecaries, surgeons,  cooks  and  bakers.  In  a  country  of  plan- 
tation first  look  about  what  kind  of  victual  the  country 
yields  of  itself  to  hand :  as  chesnuts,  walnuts,  pine-apples. 


800  ILLUSTRATIVE  DOCUMENTS. 

olives,  dates,  plums  cherries,  Avild  honey,  and  the  like ;  and 
make  use  of  them.  Then  consider  what  victual,  or  esculent 
things  there  are,  which  grow  speedily,  and  within  the  year : 
as  parsnips,  carrots,  turnips,  onions,  radish,  artichokes  of 
Jerusalem,  maize  and  the  like :  for  wheat,  barley,  and  oats, 
they  ask  to  much  labor ;  but  with  peas  and  beans  you  may 
begin,  both  because  they  ask  less  labor,  and  because  they 
serve  for  meat  as  well  as  for  bread ;  and  of  rice  Kkewise 
cometh  a  great  increase,  and  it  is  a  kind  of  meat.  Above 
all  there  ought  to  be  brought  store  of  biscuit,  oatmeal,  flour, 
meal,  and  the  like,  in  the  beginning,  till  bread  may  be  had. 
For  beasts  or  bu-ds,  take  chiefly  such  as  are  least  subject  to 
diseases  and  multiply  fastest ;  as  swine,  goats,  cocks,  hens, 
turkeys,  geese,  house-dogs,  and  the  like.  The  victual  in 
plantation  ought  to  be  expended  almost  as  in  a  besieged 
town  ;  that  is  with  certain  allowance  ;  and  let  the  main  part 
of  the  ground  employed  to  gardens  or  corn,  be  to  a  com- 
mon stock ;  and  to  be  laid  in,  and  stored  up,  and  then  de- 
livered out  in  proportion ;  besides  some  spots  of  ground 
that  any  particular  person  will  manure  for  his  own  pri- 
vate use.  Consider,  Hkewise,  what  commodities  the  soil 
where  the  plantation  is  doth  naturally  yield,  that  they  may 
some  way  helj)  to  defray  the  charge  of  the  plantation ;  so  it 
be  not,  as  w\as  said,  to  the  untimely  prejudice  of  the  main 
business  as  it  hath  fared  with  tobacco  in  Virginia.  Wood 
commonly  aboundeth  but  too  much ;  and  therefore  timber 
is  fit  to  be  one.  If  there  be  iron  ore,  and  streams  where- 
upon to  set  the  mills,  iron  is  a  brave  commodity  where  wood 
aboundeth.  Making  of  bay-salt,  if  the  climate  be  proper  for 
it,  would  be  put  in  experience  :  growing  silk,  likewise,  if  any 
be,  is  a  likely  commodity :  pitch  and  tar,  where  store  of  firs 
and  pines  are,  wall  not  fail ;  so  drugs  and  sweet  woods, 
where  they  are,  cannot  but  yield  great  profit :  soap-ashes, 
like^vise,  and  other  things  that  may  be  thought  of  ;  but  moil 
not  too  much  under  ground,  for  the  hope  of  mines  is  very 
uncertain,  and  useth  to  make  the  planters  lazy  in  other 
things. 


EDWARD  SACKVILLE 
Fourth  Earl  of  Dorset 


BACON'S  ESSAY  OF  PLANTATIONS.  801 

"  For  government,  let  it  be  in  the  hands  of  one,  assisted 
with  some  counsel ;  and  let  them  have  commission  to  exercise 
martial  laws,  with  some  limitation ;  and  above  all,  let  men 
make  that  profit  of  being  in  the  wilderness,  as  they  have 
God  always  and  his  service  before  their  eyes :  let  not  the 
government  of  the  plantation  depend  upon  too  many  coun- 
seUers  and  undertakers  in  the  country  that  planteth,  but 
upon  a  temperate  number :  and  let  those  be  rather  noble- 
men and  gentlemen,  than  merchants ;  for  they  look  ever  to 
the  present  gain. 

"  Let  there  be  freedoms  from  custom,  till  the  plantation  be 
of  strength :  and  not  only  freedom  from  custom,  but  free- 
dom to  carry  their  commodities  where  they  make  their  best 
of  them  except  there  be  some  special  cause  of  caution.  Cram 
not  in  people,  by  sending  too  fast  company  after  company ; 
but  rather  hearken  how  they  waste,  and  send  suppHes  propor- 
tionably ;  but  so  as  the  number  may  Hve  well  in  the  planta- 
tion, and  not  by  surcharge  be  in  peniu-y.  It  hath  been  a 
great  endangering  to  the  health  of  some  plantations,  that 
they  have  built  along  the  sea  and  rivers,  in  marish  and  un- 
wholesome grounds :  therefore  though  you  begin  there,  to 
avoid  carriage  and  other  like  discommodities,  yet  built  still 
rather  upwards  from  the  streams,  than  along.  It  concerneth 
likewise  the  health  of  the  plantation,  that  they  have  good 
store  of  salt  with  them,  that  they  may  use  it  in  their  victuals 
when  it  shall  be  necessary.  If  you  plant  where  savages  are, 
do  not  only  entertain  them  with  trifles  and  gingles,  but  use 
them  justly  and  graciously,  with  sufficient  guard  neverthe- 
less ;  and  do  not  win  their  favor  by  helping  them  to  invade 
their  enemies,  but  for  their  defense  it  is  not  amiss ;  and 
send  oft  of  them  over  to  the  country  that  plants,  that  they 
may  see  a  better  condition  than  their  own,  and  commend  it 
when  they  return. 

"  When  the  plantation  grows  to  strength,  then  it  is  time 
to  plant  with  women  as  well  as  with  men ;  that  the  planta- 
tion may  spread  into  generations,  and  not  be  ever  pieced 
from  without. 


802  ILLUSTRATIVE  DOCUMENTS. 

"  It  is  the  sinf ullest  thing  in  the  world  to  forsake  or  desti- 
tute a  plantation  once  in  forwardness ;  for,  besides  the  dis- 
honor, it  is  the  guiltiness  of  blood  of  many  commiserable 
persons." 


CCCLXIV.     MEMBERS   OF  PARLIAJVIENT  IN  VIRGINIA 

COMPANY. 

KIMBOLTON  MANUSCBIPTS,   NO.  371. 

Indorsed :  "  The  names  of  such  as  are  of  the  Comons 
house  fi-ee  of  the  Virginia  Company,  by  M*^  Farrar." 

In  the  Duke  of  Manchester  Records,  Kimbolton  MSS., 
the  following  is  placed  under  the  questioned  or  uncertain 
date,  "[May  1623?]."  The  members  aU  belong  to  the 
Parliament  (February  12,  1624 -March  27,  1625),  and  the 
hst  was  probably  compiled  in  April,  1624,  when  "  the  Vir- 
ginia qu.estion "  was  before  the  House.  The  list  contains 
forty-nine  names.  All  of  them  are  not  in  the  second  and 
third  charters;  but  they  were  all  either  members  of  the 
Company  hefore  1616,  or  icere  the  heirs  of  members. 
(About  150  persons  joined  the  company  between  March, 
1612,  and  July,  1616,  who  are  not  named  in  the  foregoing 
documents.)  I  can  identify  seventy-five  members  of  the 
Parliament  of  1624—25,  as  being  members,  also,  of  the 
Virginia  Company  ;  but  probably  there  were  others. 

This  list  will  give  an  approximate  idea  as  to  the  position 
held  by  the  M.  P.'s  in  the  disputes  of  1623-24  in  the  Vir- 
ginia Company. 

"  The  names  of  divers  Knights,  Cittizens  and  Burgesses  of 
the  Lower  house  of  Commons  that  are  Adventurers  and  free 
of  the  Virginia  Company  and  yet  have  not  had  nor  f oUowde 
the  buissiness  for  Sundry  yeares. 

Sir  William  Fleetwood.  Sir  Jhon  Stradlyng'. 

Sir  Thomas  Denton.  Sir  Baptist  Hicks. 

Sir  Charles  Barkly.  Sir  Arthur  Ingram. 

M"  rJames  Bag.  M'  [Richai-d]  Leveson. 

Sir  Jhon  Walter.  M'  Thomas  Bonde. 


ADDITIONAL   MEMBERS. 


803 


Sir  Greorge  Moore. 
Sir  Jhon  Cutts. 
Sir  Edmoud  Bowyer. 
Sir  Henry  Fane. 
M'  Delbridge. 
Sir  Thomas  Jermin. 
Sir  James  Perrott. 
M'  John  Drake. 
M'  [Richard]  Dyott. 
Sir  Oliver  Cromwell. 
M'  [Richard]  Knightly. 
Sir  Robert  Cotton. 
M'  [John]  Selden. 
Sir  George  Calvert. 
Sir  Edward  Conway. 
Sir  Edward  Cecill. 
Sir  Robert  Heath. 
M'  Jhon  Arundell. 
Sir  Nicholas  Tufton. 
Sir  George  Goring. 


M'  Robert  Batercan. 
M'  Martyn  Bonde. 
Sir  Thomas  Midleton. 
Sir  Robert  Mansfeild. 
Sir  Dudley  Digges. 
Sir  Humfry  May. 
Sir  Jhon  Ratcliife. 
M'  George  Garrett. 
Sir  Henadge  Fynch. 
M'  Edward  Spencer. 
Sir  Phillip  Gary. 
[James]  Lord  Wriothsly. 
M'  Jhon  Moore. 
M'  Morrice  Abbott. 
Sir  Jhon  Scudamor. 
Sir  Arthur  Mannering. 
Sir  Jhon  Saint  Jhon. 
M'  [Thomas]  Sherwell. 
Sir  Thomas  Grantharm. 


"  With  divers  others  which  wee  cannot  uppon  a  sudden 
sett  downe." 


CCCLXV.     LIST  OF  ADDITIONAL  MEMBERS   OF  THE 
VIRGINIA  COMPANIES. 

I  am  anxious  to  give  as  complete  a  Hst  as  possible  of 
the  leading  men  who  were  interested  in  the  American  en- 
terprise during  1606-16,  and  to  those  mentioned  in  the 
foresroina-  documents  I  am  enabled  to  add  from  various 
sources  of  a  later  date  the  following  :  — 


John  Argall,  Esq. 

Richard  Ashcroft. 

Ambrose  Austen. 

Thomas  Baker. 

Richard  Ball. 

John  Bland. 

Capt.  George  Bargrave  or  Bargar. 

Capt.  John  Bargrave. 

Charles  Becke. 

Charles  Berkeley. 

Richard  Berkeley,  Esq. 

Wm.  Bing. 

Richard  Blackmore. 

Edward  Blunt. 

Richard  Blunt. 


Thomas  Bond,  Esq. 

Henry  Briggs. 

Richard  Briggs. 

Capt.  John  Brough. 

Matthew  Brownrig. 

Mmion  Burrell. 

Sir  Richard  Bulkeley. 

Abraham  Carpenter. 

Sir  Henry  Gary,  Captaine. 

Sir  Philip  Gary. 

Robert  Chamberlaine. 

Dr.  Laurence  Chatterton  or  Chaderton. 

Wm.  Chester. 

Simon  Codrington. 

Edmond  Colby. 


804 


ILLUSTRATIVE  DOCUMENTS. 


Thomas  Colthurst. 

Sir  Robert  Cotton. 

Robert  Creswell. 

Wm.  Crowe. 

George  Chudley  or  Chudleigh. 

Abraham  CuUimore  Colmer  or  Culli- 

ner. 
James  Ciillimore. 

Rowley  (Ralegh  ?)  Dausey  or  Dawsey. 
Clemeut  Daubney  or  Dabiiey. 
Richard  Dichfield. 
Sara  Draper. 
Wm.  Essington. 
John  Exton. 
John  Farrar  or  Ferrer. 
John  Fenuer. 

Sir  Heneadge  Finch  or  Fynch. 
David  Floyd  or  Lloyd. 
Thomas  Francis. 
Nicholas  Fuller. 
Richard  Gardiner. 
Sir  Edward  Giles. 
Edward,  Lord  Gorges. 
Sir  Ferdinando  Gorges. 
Ralph  Gore. 
Sir  George  Goring. 
Dr.  Theodore  Goulston,  or  Gulston. 
Thomas  Hackshawe. 
John  Haiward. 
George  Hanger. 
Robert  Harley. 
Sir  Percival  Hart. 
George  Harrison. 
John  Harrison,  gent. 
Peter  Heightley. 
Edward  Herbert,  Esq. 
Gregory  Herst. 
William  Hicks. 
William  Holland. 
William  Houlden. 
Thomas  Howard,  Earl  of  Arundell. 
George  Isham. 
Gabriel  Jacques. 
James  Jewell. 
Walter  Jobson. 
William  Jobson. 
Edward  Johnson. 
Samuel  Jordan. 
Henry  Kent. 
Jolm  Landman. 


Wm.  Laurence. 
Francis  Lodge. 
Peter  Lodge. 
Thomas  Maddox. 

Sir  Henry  Mannering  or  Man  waring. 
Christopher  Martin. 
George  Mason. 
Francis  Middleton. 
Sir  Henry  Mildmay. 
Capt.  Henry  Moles  or  Meoles. 
Philip  Molex  or  IVIutes. 
Nicholas  Moone. 
Thomas  Norton. 
Francis  Oliver. 
John  Payne. 

Abraham  Peirsey  or  Percy. 
Allen  Percy. 
Thomas  Philips. 
Henry  Philpot. 
Sir  Francis  Popham. 
Robert  Pory. 
Nicholas  Purefoy. 
Nicholas  Rainton. 
Humfrey  Reynell. 
Richard  Robins. 
Henry  Rolfe. 
Edward  Rotheram. 
Stephen  Sad. 
Sir  John  Scudamore. 
Walter  Shelley. 
Nicholas  Sherwell. 
Thomas  Sherwell. 
Jonathan  Smith. 
Sir  Wm.  Smith  of  London. 
Edward  Spencer. 
Thomas  Stacy. 
Thomas  Stokes. 
George  Stone. 
Sir  Martin  Stuteville. 
William  Tracy- 
John  Tradescant. 
Peter  Van  Lore. 

Capt.  Alphonsus  Van  Medkerke. 
Edward  Waters. 
William  Ward. 
John  West,  Esq. 
Nathaniel  West,  Esq. 
Capt.  William  West. 
Garret  Weston. 
Capt.  Richard  Whitboume. 


CONCLUSION.  805 

John  White,  Esq.  Sir  Richard  Worsley. 

David  Wiffin.  Samuel  Wrote,  Esq. 

Will.  Willet.  Sir  Thomas  Wroth. 

Wm.  Williamson.  John  Zouch,  Esq. 

Dr.  Thomas  Winston.  Sir  Edward  Zouch,  Kn't  Marshall. 

I  have  not  attempted  to  give  the  names  of  those  who  were 
employed  in  the  ser\dee  on  wages,  unless  they  were  employed 
in  positions  of  responsibihty.  Many  were  sent  as  sailors, 
soldiers,  servants,  and  some  as  planters,  whose  names  are  not 
given.  I  have  a  great  many  of  these  names,  and  I  know 
something  of  interest  regarding  some  of  them ;  but  the  great 
mass  of  the  names  not  given  in  this  work  are  of  those  of 
whom  we  have  now  no  means  of  ascertaining  anything,  — 
the  o'reat  unknown. 

Virginia  was  now  regarded  as  a  settled  plantation ;  Eng- 
land had  placed  a  check  on  "  Phillipps  ambitious  grow- 
inge  ; "  she  had  put  "  a  byt  into  her  ainchent  enymyes 
mouth;"  she  had  secured  a  firm  hold  on  the  strategical 
position  afforded  by  James  River,  "  which  in  the  time  of  a 
warre  with  Spaine  would  be  a  commoditie  to  our  Realme, 
and  a  great  annoyance  to  our  enemies  ;  "  Englishmen  were 
already  looking  for  a  good  place  in  which  to  plant  another 
colony  on  this  continent ;  the  destiny  of  North  America 
was  in  the  hands  of  the  Anoio-Saxon.     So  let  it  be. 


BRIEF    BIOGRAPHIES 


PERSONS  CONNECTED  WITH  THE  FOUNDING 
OF  VIRGINIA. 


Biography  throws  so  much  light  on  History,  that  I  doubt  if 
any  history  can  be  clearly  nnderstoocl  without  a  fair  knowledge  of 
the  biography  of  the  makers  of  that  history.  When  we  know 
something  of  the  lives,  characters,  social  position,  and  public  sur- 
roundings of  those  engaged  in  an  enterprise,  we  are  then  pre- 
pared to  form  a  more  correct  idea  of  the  character  of  the  enter- 
prise itself.  Therefore  I  have  made  special  effort  to  compile  brief 
biographies  of  those  who  were  especially  interested  in  the  move- 
ment for  planting  English  colonies  in  America,  and  to  illustrate 
the  biography  with  a  portrait ;  since  "  it  is  impossible  for  me  to 
conceive  a  work  which  ought  to  be  more  interesting  to  the  present 
age  than  that  which  exhibits  before  our  eyes  our  fathers  as  they 
lived,  accompanied  with  such  memorials  of  their  lives  and  charac- 
ters as  enable  us  to  compare  their  persons  and  countenances  with 
their  sentiments  and  actions."  ^ 

While  I  have  been  unable  to  give  sketches  and  portraits  of 
many,  I  believe  that  I  have  identified  a  sufficient  number  to  illu- 
strate the  character  of  the  whole  body. 

The  leading  agents  in  the  grand  movement,  which  resulted  in 
our  present  existence,  were  among  the  most  prominent  actors  in 
one  of  the  most  interesting  and  remarkable  transition  periods 
in  British  history  —  the  time  of  the  translation  of  the  Bible ;  the 
time  of  Shakespeare,  Lord  Bacon,  Cecil,  Ralegh,  Ben  Jonson,  and 
their  contemporaries.  It  was  at  this  time  that  the  contest  between 
the  people,  through  their  representatives,  and  the  Crown  began ; 
and  it  is  interesting  to  note  what  a  large  number  of  members  of 
the  House  of  Commons  were  interested  in  the  American  enter- 
prises. The  founders  of  Virginia  were  the  architects  of  Great 
Britain's  greatness  in  colonies  and  commerce.     Their  records  of 

^  Sir  Walter  Scott  to  the  Publisher  of  Lodge's  Portraits. 


808  BRIEF  BIOGRAPHIES. 

their  actions,  necessarily  kept  private  at  that  time,  are  now  nearly 
all  missing ;  but,  even  if  all  were  lost,  knowing  so  many  of  those 
engaged  therein  as  we  now  do,  we  would  be  prepared  to  form 
a  tolerably  correct  opinion  of  the  movement. 

I  have  not  found  a  list  of  the  members  of  the  North  Virginia 
Company ;  but,  after  the  failure  to  establish  their  colony  in  1608, 
the  Southern  Company  made  an  appeal  to  them  to  join  that  com- 
pany and  aid  in  taking  hold  of  the  remarkable  strategic  position 
afforded  by  James  River,  in  the  milder  climate  of  Southern  Vir- 
ginia, and  many  of  those  named  —  especially  those  from  the  west 
and  southwest  parts  of  England  —  were  certainly  members  of  the 
Northern  company.  And  after  the  colony  in  South  Virginia  was 
established  many  of  the  members  of  that  company  turned  their 
attention  to  the  northward.  Of  the  forty-three  first  members  of 
His  Majesty's  Council  for  New  England,  at  least  thirty  had  been 
instrumental  in  founding  the  colony  on  James  River. 

The  special  object  of  the  biographies  is  to  give  information  not 
found  in  the  histor}^,  and  therefore  it  frequently  happens  that  the 
part  taken  by  the  subjects  in  the  founding  of  Virginia  —  the  most 
interesting  part  to  us  —  is  not  mentioned  at  all  in  this  portion  of 
my  work.  These  most  interesting  items  will  generally  be  found 
in  the  foregoing  history,  and  the  General  Index  will  enable  the 
reader  to  refer  to  them  easily. 

The  biographies  have  been  compiled  from  above  five  hundred 
volumes,  and  from  a  great  nvimber  of  manuscripts.  In  dealing 
with  so  many  sources  of  information,  of  so  varied  a  character, 
mistakes  have  been  made  sometimes  no  doubt ;  yet  I  have  been  as 
careful  as  possible.  I  have  given  nothing  that  is  not  based  on 
what  1  believe  to  be  trustworthy  authority.  I  have  tested  every 
statement,  and  every  date,  that  could  be  tested.  I  have  not  fol- 
lowed my  authorities  blindly.  Of  some,  I  have  given  about  all 
that  I  know.     Of  others,  volumes  could  be  written. 

Many  of  those  named  in  the  biographies,  and  entered  in  the 
index,  are  the  originators  of  families,  who  are  to-day  largely  rep- 
resented in  the  United  States,  and  our  patriotic  citizens  should 
take  as  much  pride  in  being  "  of  Founders.''  Kin''  as  is  taken  by 
Englishmen  in  tracing  from  the  Roll  of  Battle  Abbey. 


DURATION  OF  PARLIAMENTS. 


The  sittings  of  Parliament  are  sometimes  given  in  my  authorities  under  old 
style,  and  sometimes  under  new  style  dates,  and  are  thus  confusing.  I  have 
tried  to  give  uniformly  the  new  style  year  ;  hut  the  following  tahle  will  enable 
the  reader  to  make  the  necessary  correction,  whenever  I  may  have  neglected 
doing  so. 

Elizabeth. 

1st.  23  January,  1559,  to  8  May,  1559    .     .     . 

2d.  11  January,  1563,  to  2  January,  1567  .  . 
3d.  2  April,  1571,  to  29  May,  1571  .  .  . 
4th.       8  May,  1572,  to  19  April,  1583      ,     .     . 

5th.  23  November,  1584,  to  14  September,  1585 

6th.  15  October,  1586,  to  23  March,  1587    .     . 

7th.  12  November,  1588,  to  29  March,  1589     . 

8th.  19  February,  1593,  to  10  April,  1593   .     . 

9th.  24  October,  1597,  to  9  February,  1598      . 

10th.  27  October,  1601,  to  19  December,  1601  . 


James. 

1st.  19  March,  1604,  to  9  February,  1611  . 

2d.  5  April,  1614,  to  7  Jime,  1614    .     .     . 

3d.  30  January,  1621,  to  8  February,  1622 

4th.  12  February,  1624,  to  27  March,  1625  . 

Charles. 
1st. 
2d. 
3d. 
4th. 
5th. 


17  May,  1625,  to  12  August,  1625    .     . 

6  February,  1626,  to  15  June,  1626  . 
17  March,  1628,  to  10  March,  1629  .  , 
13  April,  1640,  to  5  May,  1640    .     . 

3  November,  1640,  to  20  April,  1653 
"  The  Long  Parliament." 


New  Style. 

Old  Style. 

[1559] 

1558-9. 

[1563-7] 

1562-6. 

[1571] 

1571. 

[1572-83] 

1572-83. 

[1584-5] 

1584-5. 

[1586-7] 

1586. 

[1588-9] 

1588-9. 

[1593] 

1592-3. 

[1597-8] 

1597. 

[1601] 

1601, 

[1604-11] 

1603-10 

[1614] 

1614. 

[1621-2] 

1620-1. 

[1624-5] 

1623-5. 

[1625] 

1625. 

[1626] 

1625-6. 

[1628-9] 

1627-8. 

[1640] 

1640. 

[1640-53] 

1640-53. 

EXPLANATIONS  AND  ABBREVIATIONS. 


There  was  no  fixed  way  for  spelling  many  names  at  that  time,  and  it  is  fre- 
quently impossible  to  give  the  correct  spelling  ;  but  I  sometimes  give  several  of  the 
different  modes. 

I  have  generally  attempted  to  give  the  new  style  year,  while  the  day  of  the  month 
remains  as  I  find  it  in  the  old  records. 

I  have  the  list  of  paid-up  Adventurers  as  published  by  the  Sandys  Administration 
in  1620,  and  also  a  manuscript  copy  of  this  list  as  prepared  at  that  time  by  the 
Smythe  Party.  These  generally  agree  ;  but  whenever  they  differ,  I  have  given  the 
person  the  benefit  of  the  doubt,  and  credited  the  largest  amount.  Where  the  orig- 
inal subscribers  died  before  1620,  the  payments  must  sometimes  stand  in  the  names 
of  their  heirs  or  assigns ;  and  when  this  is  the  case,  the  heirs,  etc.,  cannot  always 
be  identified  by  me.  As  I  have  only  fragments  of  the  subscription  list,  I  am 
frequently  unable  to  give  the  amount  subscribed. 

The  figures,  1,  2,  and  o,  immediately  after  a  name,  indicate  that  the  person  was  an 
incorporator  of  the  1st,  2d,  or  3d  Virginia  Charter. 

Sub.  =  subscribed,  and  is  followed  by  the  amount,  whenever  I  have  it. 

Pd.  =  paid,  followed  by  amount,  when  known. 

£1  then  =  from  $20  to  $25  now. 

E.  I.  Co.  =  East  India  Company. 

Rus.  Co.  =  Russia  or  Muscovy  Company. 

S.  I.  or  B.  I.  Co.  =  Somers  Islands  or  Bermudas  Company. 

N.  W.  P.  Co.  =  North  West  Passage  Company. 

N.  Fid.  Co.  =  Newfoundland  Company. 

N.  E.  Co.  =  New  England  Company. 

Va.  Co.  =  Virginia  Company. 

M.  C.  for  Va.  =  Member  of  His  Majesty's  Council  for  Virginia  (34°  to  4.5°). 

M.  C.  for  Va.  Co.  =  Member  of  His  Majesties'  Council  for  Virginia  Company  of 
London. 

M.  P.  ::=  Member  of  Parliament. 


RICHARD  SACK,.LLE 
Third    Earl    of    Dnrsel 


BRIEF  BIOGRAPHIES. 


Abbay,  Thomas.  I  find  no  trace 
of  him  save  in  CCXLIV.  and  CCXLV. 
He  was  not  a  member  of  the  Va.  Co. 
Was  sent  to  Virginia  by  the  company 
in  September,  1608.  If  he  was  living 
in  England  in  1612,  he  may  have  re- 
turned without  proper  consent. 

Abbot,    George,    3.      Sub.  ; 

pd.  £75.  Son  of  Maurice  Abbot, 
cloth  worker  of  Guildford  in  Surrey, 
was  born  October  29,  1562  ;  educated 
at  the  grammar  school  of  (luildford  ; 
entered  Baliol  College,  1578  ;  B.  A., 
1582  ;  M.  A.,  1585  :  B.  D.,  1593  ;  D.  D., 
1597,  and  the  same  year  chosen  Mas- 
ter of  University  College  ;  chaplain  to 
Thomas  Sackville,  Lord  Buckhurst ; 
made  Dean  of  Winchester,  March  6, 
1600  ;  Vice-chancellor  of  the  Univer- 
sity of  Oxford  in  1600,  in  1603,  and 
in  1608  ;  one  of  the  first  appointed 
translators  of  the  New  Testament  in 
1604  ;  employed  at  the  suggestion  of 
George  Hume,  Earl  of  Dunbar,  to 
negotiate  a  union  between  the  churches 
of  England  and  Scotland  in  1608  ; 
wrote  the  Preface  to  Sir  William 
Hart's  "  Examination,  etc.,  of  George 
Sprot  "  ;  was  appointed  Dean  of  Gloces- 
ter,  1609  ;  Bishop  of  Coventry  and 
Lichfield,  December  3,  1609  ;  Bishop 
of  London,  February  12,  1610,  and 
Archbishop  of  Canterbnrv,  March  4, 

1611.  Member  of  the  N."  W.  P.  Co., 

1612.  He  kept  an  eye  on  Zuniga  when 
he  was  in  England  ;  sat  on  Ralegh's 
trial,  1618  ;  accidentally  killed  Lord 
Zouche's  park-keeper  July  24,  1621, 
for  which  he  was  tried  by  a  commis- 
sion of  bishops  and  other  lords,  acquit- 
ted, pardoned  November  22,  1621. 
"  He  was  accused  of  Puritanism,  but 
the  fiivor  and  good  opinion  of  King 
James  was  never  withdrawn  from  him. 
He  attended  the  king  on  his  death-bed, 
and  placed  the  crown  on  the  head  of 
his  successor."     (Lodge.) 


As  a  result  of  his  differences  with 
Laud,  he  withdrew  to  Guildford  in 
1630  ;  and  afterwards  to  Croydon 
House,  where  he  died  August  4,  1633. 
His  last  words  were,  '*  In  te  speravi  ; 
non  confundcbor  in  eterno."  [In 
thee  have  1  trusted  ;  I  shall  never  be 
confounded.] 

He  founded  an  hospital  in  his  native 
town  and  endowed  it  richly,  and  his 
monument  is  still  preserved  in  Guild- 
ford Church.  "  His  religions  views 
had  led  him  to  form  a  definite  foreign 
policy,  of  which  the  one  aim  was  to 
crush  Spain  and  to  be  wary  of 
France."     (S.  L.  Lee.) 

Abbot,  Morris,  draper.  Sub. 
£37  10s.  ;  pd.  £50.  Fifth  son  of 
Maurice  Abbot  of  Guildford,  in  Sur- 
rey, and  brother  to  George,  Archbishop 
of  Canterbury,  and  Robert,  Bishop  of 
Salisbury;  was  baptized  at  Trinity 
Church,  Guildford,  November  2, 1565. 
An  incorporator  of  the  E.  I.  Co.  in 
1600,  and  afterwards  one  of  the  direc- 
tors of  that  company.  An  incorporator 
and  director  of  the  N.  W.  P.  Co.  in 
1612  ;  on  the  commission  "  to  treat 
with  the  Hollanders  concerning  differ- 
ences in  the  East  Indies,  and  the  fish- 
ery   in    Greenland,"    December     29, 

1614  ;  a  member  of  the  B.  I.  Co.  in 

1615  ;  elected  deputy  governor  of  the 
Vj.  I.  Co.,  July  5,  1615,  and  again 
chosen  to  that  office  frequently  there- 
after. He  was  added  to  His  Majesty's 
Council  for  the  Va.  Co.  about  1618. 
Again  on  the  commission  to  treat  with 
the  Hollanders,  January  8,  1619.  He 
was  recommended  by  King  James  to 
the  Va.  Co.  as  a  fit  person  for  their 
treasurer  in  1620,  and  again  in  1622  ; 
M.  P.  for  Hull  in  1621-22  ;  was  one 
of  the  farmers  of  the  customs  ;  elected 
governor  of  the  E.  I.  Co.,  March  23, 
1624  ;  M.  P.  for  Hull,  l(;24-25.  On 
the   commission   for    winding   up   the 


812 


ABBOT  — ALBERT 


affairs  of  the  Va.  Co.,  July  15,  1624  ; 
was  the  first  person  liiiigbted  by  King 
Charles  at  Whitehall,  April  12,  1625  ; 
M.  P.  for  Hull  in  1625,  and  for  Lon- 
don in  1626  ;  was  long  an  alderman 
of  London  from  Bridge  Without,  and 
after  from  Coleman  Street  ward  ; 
sheriff  of  Loudon,  1627-28  ;  M.  P.  for 
Hull,  1628-29  ;  Lord  Mayor  of  Lon- 
don, 1638.  Died  January  10,  1642. 
He  was  one  of  the  leading  men  of 
atfairs  in  his  day,  yet  Mr.  Stith,  in  his 
"History  of  Virginia,"  says,  "As  to 
Mr.  Abbot,  little  is  known  of  him, 
only  that  he  was  a  merchant,  and  may 
seem  from  some  obscui'e  circumstances 
to  have  been  of  kin  to  his  grace,  Dr. 
George  Abbott,  then  Archbishop  of 
Canterbury." 

He  was  a  leading  member  of  the 
Levant,  Italian,  French,  Muscovy, 
East  India,  Northwest  Passage,  So- 
mers  Islands,  and  A^rginia  com- 
panies. The  English  merchant  ser- 
vice was  largely  under  his  control,  and 
he  was  a  constant  advancer  of  Eng- 
lish colonization  and  commerce.  Sir 
Maurice  Abbot  married,  first,  Joan, 
daughter  of  George  Austen,  of  Shal- 
ford,  near  Guildford,  by  whom  he  had 
five  children.  She  died  in  the  autumn 
of  1597,  and  he  married,  secondly,  in 
the  spring  of  1598,  Margaret,  daugh- 
ter of  Bartholomew  Barnes,  an  alder- 
man of  London.  She  died  September 
5,  1G30. 

Abdy,  Anthony,  clothworker,  3. 
Sub. ;  pd.  £37  10s.  "  A  lineal  de- 
scendant of  the  Yorkshire  House,  en- 
tered into  commercial  pursuits,  estab- 
Jishing  himself  in  London."  As  he 
was  an  apprentice  to  Nicholas  Pearde, 
•clothworker,  he  must  have  been  a 
member  of  that  guild.  He  was  the 
third  son  of  Roger  Abdy,  citizen  and 
merchant  tailor  of  London,  by  his  wife 
JVIarv,  daughter  of  Richard  White. 
Of  the  E.  I.  Co.,  1609  ;  of  the  B.  I. 
Co.,  1615  ;  a  director  of  the  E.  I.  Co. 
from  1619;  recommended  by  King 
James  to  the  Va.  Co.  for  treasurer  in 
Mav.  1622  ;  on  the  commission  for  the 
Va.^Co.'s  affairs,  July  15,  1624  ;  sheriff 
of  London,  1630  ;  alderman  of  London 
from  Bridge  Without  ward  from  De- 
cember, 1631  ;  on  the  commission  con- 
cerning tobacco,  June  19,  1634.  He 
died  in  September,  1640,  and  lies 
buried  in  St.  Andrew  Undershaft,  Eald- 


gate  ward,  London.  By  his  wife  Abi- 
gail, daughter  of  Sir  Thomas  Camp- 
bell, he  had  three  sons,  all  of  whom 
were  created  baronets. 

Abergavenny,  Lord.  —  Henry  Ne- 
ville. 

Abot,  Jeffra.  Arrived  in  Virginia 
in  January,  1608  ;  he  was  executed 
by  Sir  Thomas  Gates  for  mutiny  in 
1612. 

Acland,  Sir  John,  3.  Sub.  £37 
10s.  ;  pd.  £12  10s.  Of  Columb- 
John  in  Broad  Clyst,  Devon  ;  M.  P. 
for  Saltash,  1586-87  ;  knighted  at  the 
Tower,  March  14,  1604  ;  M.  P.  for 
Devon,  1607-11.  Died  in  1613  ;  a 
benefactor  of  Exeter  College,  Oxford. 

Acquaviva,  Rev.  Father  Claude. 
Born  at  Atri,  September  14,  1543 ; 
entered  Society  of  Jesus,  1567  ;  Gen- 
eral of  the  Jesuits,  1581.  Died  Jan- 
uary 31,  1615. 

Acufia.     See  Gondomar. 

Adams,  Captain.  Made  a  voyage 
to  Virginia,  June  to  November,  l609  ; 
a  second  voyage,  April  to  September, 
1610  ;  a  third,  December,  1610,  to 
July,  1611  ;  a  fourth,  December,  1612, 
to  July,  1613  ;  and  a  fifth,  October, 
1613,  to  April,  1614.  We  ought  to 
know  more  of  him  than  we  do,  as  he 
made  so  manj'  of  the  early  voyages. 
He  was  evidently  a  noted  and  well- 
known  seaman  in  his  own  day,  and 
this  fact  makes  it  the  more  difficult 
to  identify  him,  as  he  is  always  spoken 
of  simply  as  "  Captain  Adams  ;  "  his 
first  name  is  not  given  in  the  Virginia 
records.  It  is  probable,  however, 
that  he  is  the  Captain  Robert  Adams 
^vho  entered  tlie  service  of  the  E.  I. 
Co.  in  1616,  and  made  several  voyages 
to  the  East  Indies. 

Adams,  Mr.  Thomas,  stationer  ; 
pd.  £10.  Son  of  Thomas  Adams, 
yeoman,  of  Neen  Savage,  Shropshire  ; 
first  apprenticed  to  Oliver  Wilkes, 
stationer,  on  September  29,  1582,  for 
seven  years,  and  turned  over  to  George 
Bishop  on  October  14,  1583,  for  the 
same  period  ;  admitted  a  freeman  of 
the  Stationers'  Company  October  15, 
1.590,  and  came  upon  the  livery  July 
1,  1598  ;  younger  warden  in  1611  ; 
became  warden  in  1614,  and  died 
about  1620.  A  benefactor  to  his  com- 
pany. 

Albert,  Archduke.  See  Arch- 
duke. 


ALD WORTH  — ANNE  OF  DENMARK 


813 


Aldworth,  Thomas,  merchant  of 
Bristol.  Interested  in  Frobisher's 
voyages,  1576—78  ;  mayor  of  Bristol 
in  1583.  He  was  still  living  in  Octo- 
ber, 1593,  when  he  gave  Charles  Lord 
Howard  information  regarding  a 
"  Carvell,"  called  "  The  Tobacco 
Pipe." 

Alexander  VI.  (Borgia.)  Pope, 
August  11,  14y_',  to  August,  1503. 

Alexander,  Sir  William.  Of 
Menstiio  ;  a  celebrated  poet  ;  had  a 
grant  of  Nova  Scotia,  September  10, 
1621  ;  cliarter  of  the  Lordship  of 
Canada  in  America,  February  2, 1628  ; 
Viscount  Stirling,  September  4, 1630  ; 
Earl  of  Stirling,  Viscount  Canada,  and 
Lord  Alexander  of  TuUibodv,  June 
14,  1033.  Died  in  1640.  (See  the 
"  House  of  Alexander."  by  C.  Rogers, 
LL.  D.) 

Aliffe,  Ayliffe,  Ayloffe,  Sir  Wil- 
liam,  3.     Sub. ;    pd.   £.50.      Of 

Braxsted,  Essex  ;  knighted  at  Char- 
terhouse, May  11,  1603  ;  created  a 
baronet,  November  25,  1612  ;  M.  P. 
Stockbridge,  1621-22.     Title  extinct. 

Allde,  Edward,  stationer.  Son  of 
John  Allde  ("  who  was  the  first  per- 
son on  the  registers  to  take  up  the 
freedom  of  the  Stationers'  Company, 
when  in  January,  1555,  he  paid  the 
modest  sum  of  6s.  8d.  for  the  custom- 
ary breakfast  to  the  brotherhood." 
H.  R.  Tedder)  ;  made  free  of  the 
Compiiny  of  Stationers  by  patrimony, 
February  18,  158 |  ;  chosen  to  go  to 
"  my  lord  Maiour's  dynner,"  in  1611. 
Probably  died  in  1634. 

Allen,  Alleine,  AUeyne,  Ed- 
mund, gent.,  3.  Sub.  £75  ;  pd. 
£25.  Of  Hatfield,  Peverill,  Essex. 
Died  in  1016. 

Allen,  Edward,  fislimonger,  2. 
Sub.  £37  10s.  ;  pd.  £100.  Also  of 
East  India  and  Northwest  Passage 
companies.  He  contributed  £62  10s. 
to  the  first  voyages,  and  afterwards 
subscribed  and  paid  £37  10s.  more  ; 
elected  sheriff  of  London,  July  3, 
1020  ;  chosen  alderman  of  Bread- 
street  ward,  November  7, 1620.  Died 
in  1626. 

Allen,  John,  fishmonger,  2.  Sub. 
;  pd.  £12  10s. 

Allen,   Thomas,   grocer,  2.      Sub. 

;    pd.   £12    10s.     Probably  three 

of  the  name  were  members  of  the 
Grocers'  Company  at  this  time.     One 


was  sworn  to  fi-eedom  in  1589  ;  an- 
other in  1592,  and  a  third  in  1596. 

Allington,    Giles,   gent.,  3.      Sub. 

;    pd.    £2.j.     Second    son   of    Sir 

Giles  Allington,  by  his  wife  Dorothy, 
daughter  of  Thomas  Cecil,  first  Earl 
of  Exeter.  His  elder  brother  died 
young,  and  Giles  became  his  father's 
heir,  and  it  is  said,  "  was  soon  after 
knighted."  "  The  prospects  of  this 
gentleman,"  says  Lodge,  in  his  "  Life 
of  Sir  Julius  Cjesar,"  "  were  clouded, 
and  his  revenues  embarrassed,  by  an 
unfortunate  marriage.  .  .  .  April  14, 
1631,  he  was  censured  and  fined  in  the 
Star  Chamber  Court  £32,000,  only  for 
marrying  the  daughter  of  his  sister  by 
the  half  blood.  .  .  .  William,  his  only 
son,  was  on  July  28,  1642,  .  .  .  cre- 
ated Baron  Allington,  of  Killard,  in 
Ireland."  Sir  Giles  Allington  is  men- 
tioned in  the  Fifth  Report  of  Hist. 
MS.  Com.,  as  being  alive  in  1640  ;  but 
the  date  of  his  death  is  not  known  to 
me.  His  marriage  caused  much  of 
his  family  history  to  be  excluded  from 
the  official  pedigrees  of  the  family, 
and  therefore  the  data  regarding  him 
is  meagre  ;  but  I  believe  this  identi- 
fication to  be  correct.  However,  this 
may  be  the  Lieutenant  Giles  Allington 
who  patented  lands  in  Virginia  in  1624. 

Amidas,  Philip.  Said  to  have 
been  born  at  Hull,  England,  in  1.550. 
Probably  related  to  the  Hawkins  fam- 
ily. (See  pedigree.)  Owned  lands 
in,  and  I  think  it  probable  that  he 
was  from,  Cornwall.  "  Some  time 
after  1586  lie  had  charge  of  an  expe- 
dition to  Newfoundland."  Early  in 
1609  a  warrant  was  granted  to  John 
Shelbury  for  certain  lands  in  Corn- 
wall, purchased  by  Sir  Walter  Ra- 
legh from  Philip  Amidas,  and  by 
Ralegh's  attainder  devolved  to  the 
crown.  Amidas,  or  Amadas,  died  in 
1618. 

Andrews,  John,  the  elder,  Doctor 
of  Cambridge,  2.    Sub. ;  pd.  £25. 

Andrews,  John,  the  younger,  of 
Cambridge,  2.     Sub. ;  pd.  £25. 

Andrews,  Nicholas,  "  citizen  and 
Salter,"  2.  Sub.  £37  10s. ;  pd.  £62 
10s.  Afterwards  of  Little  Lever, 
County  Lancaster  ;  married  Heth, 
daughter  of  Thomas  Lever,  esquire. 
Tiieir  son,  John  Andrews,  was  a  cap- 
tain in  Cromwell's  army. 

Anne  of  Denmark.  —  Anne  Stuart. 


814 


ANTHONY  —  ARG  ALL 


Anthony,  Charles,  goldsmith,  2. 
Sub.  £37  10s.  ;  pd.  £137  10s.  Also 
of  N.  W.  P.  Co.  Second  son  of  De- 
rick  Anthony,  '•  chief  graver  of  the 
mynt  and  seales  to  King  Edward  VI., 
Queen  Mary,  and  Queen  Elizabeth," 
by  his  wife  Elizabeth,  daughter  of 
Richard  Erley.  He  was  the  engraver 
for  King  James,  Prince  Henry,  for  the 
Mint,  etc.  He  engraved  the  stamps 
for  the  East  India  moneys,  and  I  am 
quite  sure,  engraved  the  seals  for  the 
Virginia  companies.  The  celebrated 
Dr.  Francis  Anthony  (loo0-1623),  who 
joined  the  Va.  Co.  in  May,  1617,  was, 
I  believe,  his  elder  brother.  His  sister 
Elizabeth  married  Richard  Yardley, 
of  London,  fishmonger. 

Apsley,  Sir  Allen.  Born  about 
1569  ;  at  Cadiz,  1596  ;  knighted  at 
Dublin,  June  5,  1605  ;  victualer  to 
the  navy  about  1610  ;  Lieutenant  of 
the  Tower,  March  3,  1617  ;  Member 
of  the  Council  for  New  England  in 
1620.     Died  May  24,  1630. 

Aquila,  Don  Juan  de.  Com- 
mander of  the  Spaniards  at  Kinsale, 
Ireland,  1601. 

Archduke,  The.  Albert,  Arch- 
duke of  Austria,  Cardinal  and  Arch- 
bishop of  Toledo  ;  born  1559  ;  sov- 
ereign of  the  Netherlands,  May  6, 
1598.     Died  July  13,  1621. 

Archer     (see    Aucher),    Captain 

Gabriel,     2.       Sub. ;   pd. . 

Of  Mountnessing,  Essex  ;  admitted  to 
Gray's  Inn  as  a  student,  March  15, 
1593  ;  but  does  not  seem  to  have  been 
called  to  the  Bar.  Recorder  of  Gos- 
nold's  voyage  to  our  New  England 
coast,  1602  ;  first  secretary  or  re- 
corder of  the  first  Colony  of  Virginia, 
where  he  died  in  the  memorable  win- 
ter of  1609-10.  As  his  brother  John 
was  afterwards  admitted  into  the  Va. 
Co.,  and  given  a  share  of  land  in  Vir- 
ginia as  liis  heir,  it  seems  evident 
tliat  Captain  Gabriel  left  no  children. 
Archer's  Hope,  on  James  River,  was 
named  for  him,  and  he  has  the  honor 
of  having  been  much  abused  by  Cap- 
tain John  Smith.  He  gave  his  life  to 
the  enterprise,  and  no  one  could  do 
more.  He  was  one  of  the  first  law- 
yers in  Virginia. 

Argall  Pedigree.  Thomas  ^  Ar- 
gall,  of  St.  Faith-the- Virgin,  London, 
esquire,  to  whom  the  Manor  of 
Walthamstow    (see    Robert    Thome) 


was  granted  in  1553,  was  an  officer 
of  court  in  1559.  He  died  in  1563. 
By  his  wife  Margaret,  daughter  of 
John  Tallakarne,  of  Cornwall  (who 
remarried  in  June,  1564,  Sir  Giles  Al- 
lington,  of  Horseheath,  Cambridge- 
shire), he  had  five  sons  and  one 
daughter,  namely  :  Richard  -  (see  here- 
after), Lawrence,^  John,^  Rowland,^ 
Gaberell,^  and  Anue.*^ 

Anne  ^  Argall  married,  first, 
Thomas  Sisley,  of  Essex  ;  second- 
ly, Augustine  Steward,  of  London, 
esquire. 

Richard  ^  Argall,  the  eldest  son, 
of  East  Sutton  in  County  Kent, 
esquire,  married  twice  ;  the  name 
of  his  first  wife  is  not  known  to  me. 
His  second  wife  was  Mary,  daughter 
of  Sir  Reginald  Scott  (see  Scott 
pedigree).  He  died  in  1588,  leav- 
ing five  sons  and  six  daughters  liv- 
ing, by  his  second  wife,  namely  :  — 
i.  Thomas  ^  Argall,  who,  with  his 
brother  Reginald,''^  were  the  wit- 
nesses to  the  challenge  sent  by  Sir 
John  Scott  to  Lord  Willoughby,  in 
April,  1590  ;  which  Thomas  died  in 
1605,  s.  p. 

ii.  Reginald  ^  Argall,  of  Lincoln's 
Inn,  Middlesex,  gent.,  married  in 
1599  Anne,  widow  of  William 
Rowe  (uncle  to  Sir  Thomas  Roe), 
of  Walthamstow,  County  Essex, 
esquire,  and  daughter  of  John 
Cheney,  esquire,  of  Chesham  Boys 
in  Buckinghamshire.  This  Regi- 
nald ^  was  knighted  at  Hampton 
Court,  August  17,  1606,  and  died 
prior  to  1612,  s.  p. 

iii.  John  ^  Argall,  of  Colchester. 
iv.  Richard  ^    Argall.       (L    take 
this  to  be  the  person  of  the  name 
"  noted  in  the  reign  of  James  I.  for 
an  excellent  divine  poet.") 
v.  Samuel  ^  Argall. 
i.  Elizabeth  ^  Argall  married  Sir 
Edward  Filmore,  of  East  Sutton  in 
Kent,  knight. 

ii.  Margarett  ^  Argall  married 
Edmond  Randolfe,  of  Aylesford  in 
Kent,  esquire. 

iii.  Mary  ^  Argall  married  Ray- 
nold  Kempe,  of  Wye  in  Kent, 
esquire. 

iv.  Catherine  ^  Argall  married 
Randolfe  Bathurst,  of  Horton  in 
Kent,  esquire. 

V.  Jane  ^    Argall    married    Paul 


ARGALL 


815 


-I 


Flettewood,   of   Roshall    in    Lanca- 
shire, esquire. 

vi.  Sara  *  Argall,  sixth  daughter. 
After  tlie  death  of  Richard  -  Ar- 
gall in  1588,  his  widow  (Sii-  Samuel 
Argall's  mother)  married  Laurence 
Washington,    of    Maidstone,    Kent, 
esquire  (liis  second  wife),  and  died 
in    IGOj.      Mr.     Washington,    who 
survived    her,   dving    in   lOlD,   was 
I'egister  of  tlie  Iligli  Court  of  Chan- 
cery,    lie  was  the  great  uncle  of  the 
Rev.   Laurence  Washington,  whose 
sou  John  was  the  emigrant  ancestor 
of  "  the  Father  of  his  country." 
The  following  monumental  inscrip- 
tions from    East    Sutton    Church    are 
illustrative  of  the  foregoing  pedigree. 
"  Richard  Argall  of  East  Sutton  in 
the    County    of    Kent   Esq.,  deceased 
anno  Dm"',  1.588,  leaving  5  sons  and 
6  daughters  living.     Mary  his  second 
wife  one  of  the  daughters  of  Sir  Regi- 
nald Scott  of  Scot's  Hall,  married  the 
second  time  to  Laurence  Washington 
Esq.,  died  in  anno  16Q5.     Thomas  Ar- 
gall eldest  son  of  the  said  Richard  and 
Mary,  died  in  anno  1605,  whose  souls," 
etc. 

"  Under  this  rest,  in  certain  hope  of 
the  resurrection  of  the  bodies.  Sir  Ed- 
ward Fihner  and  Dame  Elizabeth  his 
wife,  daughter  of  Richard  Argall 
Esq.  They  lived  together  44  years 
and  had  issue  18  children  9  sons  and 
9  daughters.  He  departed  this  life  2. 
Nov.  1629.     She  the  9.  Aug'  1638." 

Their  eldest  son.  Sir  Robert  Fil- 
mer,  was  a  strong  royalist,  and  a  po- 
litical writer  of  some  note. 

Argall,  Johu.  esquire.  Of  Col- 
chester, Essex.  (See  pedigree.)  He 
was  interested  in  Virginia  prior  to 
1617  ;  held  four  shares  in  Captain 
Argall's  plantation  ;  was  M.  C.  for  N. 
E.,  November  .'J,  1620.  He  married 
Sara,  daughter  of  the  celebrated  schol- 
ar, Edward  Grant,  D.  D.,  master  of 
Westminster  School.  At  the  visita- 
tion of  1634  he  had  four  sons  and  two 
daughters,  was  living  at  Much  Bad- 
do  w,  in  Essex,  and  was  one  of  the  jus- 
tices of  the  peace  for  the  county. 

Argall,  Captain  Samuel.  (See 
pedigree.)  Was  probably  born  about 
1580-85.  He  was  a  young  man  in 
1609  ;  but,  as  he  was  selected  to  dis- 
cover a  shorter  way  to  Virginia,  he 
must  have  been  re":arded  as  a  mariner 


of  experience  and  ability,  and  I  sup- 
pose that  he  had  been  to  America  be- 
fore. He  left  England  May  5,  and 
returned  late  in  October,  1609,  hav- 
ing made  the  discovery  of  a  direct 
way  ;  thus  proving  that  the  reliance 
in  his  ability  was  not  misplaced  ;  con- 
ducted Lord  de  la  Warr  to  Virginia, 
March,  1610  ;  made  a  voyage  to  our 
New  England  coast  ;  surveyed  the 
coast  from  Cape  Cod  to  Virginia, 
June  19  to  September,  1610  (CXLL) 
(the  beginning  of  the  fishing  voyages 
sent  to  the  northward  from  Virginia 
every  summer).  Explored  the  Chesa- 
peake Bay  and  the  waters  thereof 
during  the  autumn  and  winter,  and 
sailed  from  Virginia  with  Lord  de  la 
Warr  March  28,  reaching  England  in 
June,  1611. 

The  Grace  of  God,  with  Father 
Biard  on  board,  on  the  way  to  Port 
Royal  in  New  France,  was  at  New- 
port, Isle  of  Wight,  in  Februarv,  1611. 
(CLXVIII.)  Louis  XIII.  of "^ France 
granted  to  Madame  de  Guercheville, 
the  Protectress  of  the  Jesuit  Missions, 
all  the  territory  of  North  America 
from  the  St.  Lawrence  to  Florida, 
and  she  was  sending  her  missionaries 
to  this  region.  The  account  of  the 
Spaniards  in  Virginia  reached  Eng- 
land late  in  October,  1611.  Argall 
sailed  from  England,  July  23,  1612, 
on  the  Treasurer,  a  well  equipped 
vessel,  with  a  commission  to  remain  in 
Virginia,  and  to  drive  out  foreign  in- 
truders from  the  country  granted  to 
Englishmen,  by  the  three  patents  of 
James  1.  He  was  employed  in  the 
various  waters  of  Virginia  from 
September,  1612,  to  June,  1613. 
(CCLXXV.)  Soon  after  June  28, 
1613,  he  sailed  from  Virginia  on  "  his 
Jishing  voyage,  which  I  beseech  God 
of  his  mercy  to  blesse  us,"  in  a  well- 
armed  P^nglish  man-of-war  ;  destroyed 
the  colony  of  the  Jesuits  on  Mount 
Desert,  within  the  bounds  of  Virginia  ; 
returned  to  Jamestown  late  in  July,  or 
early  in  August,  and  was  sent  back 
by  Gates  in  about  thirty  days,  with 
orders  to  destroy  the  buildings  and 
fortifications  at  ^Nlount  Desert,  St. 
Croix,  and  Port  Royal,  which  he  did, 
and  got  back  to  Jamestown  about  the 
first  of  December,  1613.  He  is  said 
to  have  visited,  while  on  this  voyage, 
the  Dutch  settlement  on  the  Hudson, 


816 


ARGALL  —  ARUNDELL 


and  to  have  compelled  the  governor, 
Heudrick  Christiansen,  to  submit  to 
the  crown  of  Great  Britain.  New 
England  was  reserved  for  the  English 
by  Argall's  decisive  action.  The  Bay 
of  Fundy  was  sometime  known  as  Ar- 
gall's Bay.  He  was  variously  em- 
ployed in  Virginia  from  December, 
1613,  to  June  18,  1614,  when  he  sailed 
for  England,  arriving  there  in  July. 
In  November,  1614,  he  proposed  to 
enter  the  service  of  the  E.  I.  Co.,  but 
was  retained  by  the  Va.  Co.,  and  again 
sent  to  Virginia  in  February,  1615  ; 
returning  with  Dale  in  May,  1616. 

Early  in  1617  he  was  appointed 
deputy  governor  and  admiral  of  Vir- 
ginia, and  soon  after  granted  patents 
for  a  plantation.  [See  Sir  William 
Lovelace.]  Sailed  for  Virginia  about 
the  last  of  March,  1617,  and  returned 
to  England  in  May,  1619.  Certain 
charges  were  brought  against  him  in 
August,  1618,  and  some  time  after 
this  he  was  "  vehemently  complayned 
against  by  Padre  Maestro  and  San- 
chez [see  Gondomar]  for  piracy  com- 
mitted by  the  Treasurer  on  the  King  of 
Spain's  subjects  in  the  West  Indies." 
On  his  return  from  Virginia  in  May, 
1619,  he  answered  these  charges  satis- 
factorily to  some  of  the  officers  of  the 
company  ;  but  not  so  to  others.  From 
October,  1620,  to  the  summer  of  1621, 
he  commanded  the  Golden  Phenix,  in 
the  fleet  under  Sir  Robert  Mausell,  in 
the  Mediterranean  Sea.  About  1621 
he  proposed  a  settlement  in  that  part 
of  America  called  New  Netherlands  ; 
a  member  of  His  Majesty's  Council  for 
New  England,  probably  before  May, 
1622.  In  the  distribution  of  "  the  land 
of  New  England  by  lotts.  Cape  Cod, 
and  into  the  Maine,"  fell  to  his  lot  ; 
knighted  at  Rochester,  June  26,  1622  ; 
voted  to  surrender  the  Virginia  char- 
ter, October  20, 1623.  In  April,  1624, 
he  was  proposed  for  governor  of  Vir- 
ginia, but  was  defeated  by  Sir  Francis 
Wyatt  ;  one  of  the  commissioners  for 
the  Va.  Co.,  July  15,  1624  ;  on  Sep- 
tember 6,  1625,  he  sailed  from  Plym- 
outh as  admiral  of  twenty-four  Eng- 
lish and  four  Dutch  ships  ;  and  during 
the  cruise  took  seven  vessels,  valued 
at  £100,000  ;  October  to  December, 
1625,  he  commanded  the  flagship  dur- 
ing the  attack  on  Cadiz. 

In    1633,   Anne,   daughter    of    Sir 


Samuel  Argall,  of  Walthamstow  in 
County  Essex,  was  the  wife  of  Alex- 
ander Boiling  of  London,  scrivener, 
a  grandson  of  Thomas  Boiling,  of 
Boiling  Hall  in  Yorkshire.  From 
the  Visitation  of  London  it  seems 
that  Sir  Samuel  was  then  alive  ;  and 
he  probably  died  that  year,  as  Strype 
says  he  was  a  benefactor  of  "  The 
Trinity  House,  London,"  in  1633. 
However,  he  certainly  died  before 
June,  1641.  His  daugliter  Anne 
(widow  of  Boiling,  who  died  in  March, 
1641),  and  her  second  husband,  Sam- 
uel Perce  vail,  on  June  25,  1641,  peti- 
tioned the  House  of  Commons,  com- 
plaining that  they  had  been  defrauded 
by  John  Woodhall  of  property  in  Vir- 
ginia, left  to  petitioner  Anne  by  her 
late  father.  Sir  Samuel  Argall,  some- 
time governor  of  Virginia,  etc. 

Arundell,  John,  esquire,  3.  Sub. 
£37  10s.  ;  pd.  £25.  "  Jack  for  the 
King,"  grandson  of  Henry  VIII. 's 
"Jack  of  Tilbury,"  and  son  of  John 
Arundell,  of  Trerice.  Born  in  1576  ; 
M.  P.  for  St.  Michaels,  1597-98  ;  for 
Cornwall,  1601,  1621-22  ;  for  St. 
Mawes,  1624-25  ;  for  Tregony,  1628- 
29,  and  1640  ;  appointed  governor  of 
Pendennis  Castle  about  1643.  Clar- 
endon tells  the  story  of  its  five  mouths' 
siege  in  1646,  and  the  gallant  defense 
of  old  Sir  John.  The  fall  of  Pen- 
dennis and  the  defeat  of  the  king 
ruined  his  estates.  He  died  between 
1654  and  1656,  and  was  buried  at 
Duloe  in  Cornwall. 

Arundell.  The  Lord  of  Wardour. 
Of  N.  W.  P.  Co.  Sir  Thomas  Arun- 
dell of  Wardour  (1560-1640)  was  the 
sou  and  heir  of  old  Sir  Matthew 
Arundell  (on  whose  fringed  cloak  it 
once  pleased  Queen  Elizabeth  to  spit), 
and  the  grandson  of  Sir  John  Arun- 
dell, the  friend  of  Father  Cornelius. 

Elizabeth  gave  him  an  autograph 
Latin  letter,  said  to  be  still  preserved 
at  Wardour  Castle,  recommending 
him  to  the  service  of  the  Emperor 
Rudolph  II.  as  a  brave  knight  and 
her  kinsman.  Serving  witli  distinction 
as  a  volunteer  in  the  imperial  army  in 


ARUNDELL  —  ASHLEY 


817 


Hungary,  he  took  the  standard  of  the 
Turks  with  his  own  hand,  in  an  en- 
gagement at  Gran  or  Estcrgom  ;  for 
which  heroic  achievement  he  was  cre- 
ated by  Rudolph  II.  a  count  of  the 
Sacred  Roman  Empire.  The  patent 
of  creation  is  dated  at  Prague,  Decem- 
ber 14,  1595.  "  Mareli  13,  1596,  Eliza- 
beth wrote  to  Rudolph  II.,  complain- 
ing of  his  having  created  Thomas 
Arundel  a  count  of  the  Empire,  and 
she  has  forbidden  him  to  use  the  title." 
"  She  liked  not  for  her  sheep  to  wear 
a  stranger's  mark,  nor  to  dance  after 
a  foreigner's  whistle."  "  Augt.  15, 
159G.  Tlie  Emperor  replies  that  he 
is  surprised  at  the  Queen's  displeasure 
at  his  creating  Thomas  Arundel  a 
count,  and  requests  her  to  restore  him 
to  favor." 

In  March,  1605,  his  brother-in-law, 
Henry  Wriothesley,  Earl  of  Southamp- 
ton, Sir  Ferdinando  Gorges,  himself, 
and  others  sent  out  the  expedition  un- 
der Captain  George  Waymouth.  Cre- 
ated Baron  Arundell  of  Wardour, 
May  4,  1605.  In  the  summer  of  1605 
he  was  levying  a  body  of  men  in  Eng- 
land for  the  service  of  the  Archduke 
Albert,  a  younger  brother  of  his  old 
friend  Rudolph  II.  Catesby,  the  gun- 
powder conspirator,  "  contrived  that 
several  of  the  officers  should  be  ap- 
pointed from  amongst  his  friends,  and 
entered  into  an  understanding  with 
them  that  they  should  be  ready  to  re- 
turn to  England  whenever  the  Cath- 
olic cause  required  their  assistance." 
"  After  the  discovery  of  the  Gunpow- 
der Plot,  all  chance  of  a  close  alliance 
between  England  and  Spain  was  for 
the  present  at  an  end.  Tlie  knowledge 
that  the  English  troops  [under  Arun- 
dell] in  the  service  of  the  archduke 
had  been  intended  by  the  conspirators 
to  coiiperate  with  them  by  invading 
England,  induced  James  to  refuse  to 
allow  any  further  levies  to  be  made," 
(Gardiner's  "Hist,  of  England.") 

Lord  Arundell  married,  first.  Lady 
Maria  Wriothesley,  sister  of  Henry, 
Earl  of  Southampton.  She  is  known 
as  "our  sweet  Lady  Arundell."  He 
married,  secondly,  Anne,  daughter  of 
Miles  Phillipson,  Esq.,  and  liis  daugh- 
ter Anne  (by  the  second  marriage) 
married  Cecil  Calvert,  second  Baron 
Baltimore,  the  founder  of  Maryland. 

Bishop  Goodman  says  "  the  first  Lord 


Baltimore  was  converted  to  the  Church 
of  Rome  by  Gondomar  and  Count 
Arundel." 

Lord  Arundell  died  in  1639-40. 

Aruudell,  Earl  of. — Tiiomas  How- 
ard. 

Ashcroft,  Richard,  merchant.  Sub. 

;  pd.  i;25.     A  friend  of  Dr.  Poe, 

he  was  admitted  into  the  E.  I.  Co. 
February  26,  1614.  On  the  special 
commission  concerning  tobacco,  April 
7,  1620. 

Ashley,  Sir  Anthonj'',  2.  Sub. 
£37  10s.  ;  pd.  £62  10s.  Son  of  An- 
thony Ashley,  of  Damerham  in  the 
county  of  Wilts,  by  his  wife  Dorothy, 
daughter  of  John  Lyte,  of  Lytcs  Carey 
in  Somersetshire,  born  about  1551  ; 
entered  the  public  services,  it  seems, 
about  1572-73,  and  became  clerk  of 
the  council.  He  is  said  to  have  been 
"  highly  distinguished  by  tiie  favor 
of  Queen  Elizabeth."  In  1584  Lucas 
Janz  Waghenaer  published  at  Leyden 
in  Holland  the  first  known  collection 
of  sea  charts  for  sailors.  In  1585 
Lord  Charles  Howard  drew  the  atten- 
tion of  the  Privy  Council  to  the  work, 
and  they  "  esteemed  it  worthy  to  be 
translated  and  printed  into  a  language 
familiar  to  all  nations."  The  task 
was  given  to  Anthony  Ashley,  and  his 
translation  appeared  in  1588  as  "  The 
Mariner's  Mirrour."  I  think  it  high- 
ly probable  that  he  was  aided  in 
this  translation  by  his  brother,  Robert 
Ashley  (1565-1641),  who  was  a  trans- 
lator of  note. 

Anthony  Ashley  was  M.  P.  for 
Tavistock,  November  12,  1588,  to 
March  29, 1589.  In  1589  he  served  in 
the  Norris-Drake  expedition.  M.  A., 
Oxford,  September  27,  1592.  1596, 
secretary  for  war  in  the  famous  voy- 
age to  Cadiz,  where  he  was  knighted, 
and  brought  over  the  first  account  of 
the  capture  of  Cadiz  to  her  majesty. 
He  had  been  pensioned  by  Queen  Eliza- 
beth, and  in  1605  King  James  also  pen- 
sioned him  "  in  consideration  of  33 
Years  services."  Created  a  baronet, 
July  3,  1622.  Died  January  13,  1628, 
and  was  buried  at  Wimborne,  St.  Giles, 
Dorset.  He  married  twice  ;  first, 
Jane,  relict  of  Tliomas  Cokaine,  Esq., 
and  daughter  of  Pliilip  Okeover,  Esq., 
by  whom  his  only  child,  Anne  Ashley, 
who  married  Sir  .John  Cooper  and  be- 
came the  mother  of  Sir  Anthony  Ash- 


818 


ASHLEY— AUCHER 


ley  Cooper,  Earl  of  Shaftesbury,  the 
celebrated  statesman,  a  lord  proprietor 
of  Carolina,  and  one  of  the  first  gov- 
ernors of  the  Hudson  Bay  Company. 

Sir  Anthony  Ashley  married,  sec- 
ondly, in  1621-22  Philippa  Sheldon 
(aired  19),  a  kinswoman  to  George 
Villiers,  Duke  of  Buckingham.  She 
married,  secondly,  Carew,  only  surviv- 
ing son  of  Sir  Walter  Ralegh. 

Ashley,    Captain   John,  5.     Sub. 

;  pd. .     Probably  the  Captain 

Ashley  who  was  at  the  taking  of  Saint 
Vincent  and  Puerto  Bello  near  Pan- 
ama, February  7,  1G02. 

AskeAv  —  Ascough  —  Ayscough, 
James,  2.  Sub.  £37  10s  ;  paid  £37 
10s.  Married  a  daughter  of  Roger 
Clarke,  alderman  of  London  ;  was  ad- 
mitted into  the  E.  I.  Co.  in  1609. 

Askwith,  Robert,  3.  Sub.  £37 
10s.  ;  pd.  £37  10s.  Alderman  of 
York.  Lord  Mayor  of  York  in  1617. 
Knighted  at  York,  April  13,  1617. 
M.  P.  for  York,  1576-83,  1604-11, 
1614,  and  1621-22. 

Aspley,  William,  stationer.  He 
dealt  largely  in  plays,  Shakespeare's, 
and  others.     Died  August  18,  1640. 

Asten  —  Aston  —  Austin,  Am- 
brose. Paid  £12  10s.  Transferred 
his  share  in  Virginia  to  Dr.  Anthony, 
July  18,  1620. 

Aston  —  Ashton,  Sir  Roger, 
2.  Pd.  £10.  A  servant  to  King 
James,  to  his  father,  and  grandfa- 
ther ;  for  many  years  the  messenger 
between  Queen  Elizabeth  and  King 
James.  From  1587  he  was  gentleman 
of  the  bed-chamber  to  the  king,  the 
letters  patent  for  which  office  were  in- 
closed with  him  in  his  tomb.  "  He 
was  dispatched  to  London  after  the 
queen's  death  to  concert  measures 
with  the  council  for  the  reception  of 
King  James,  and  being  asked  by  the 
lords  how  he  did,  replied,  '  Even,  my 
Lords,  like  a  poor  man  who,  hav- 
ing wandered  above  forty  years  in  a 
wilderness  and  barren  soil,  is  now 
arrived  at  the  land  of  promise.' " 
Knighted  at  Grimston,  April  18,  1603; 
made  master  of  the  great  wardrobe 
in  1608  ;  M.  P.  for  Clieshire  in  1010- 
11  ;  died  May  23,  1612.  His  first 
wife,  Mary,  daughter  of  Andrew  Stew- 
art, master  of  ()c]iiltrce,  was  related 
to  King  James.  Slie  died  in  1606. 
His  second  wife  was  Cordelia,  daugh- 


ter of  Sir  John  Stanhope.  His  daugh- 
ter Elizabeth  married  Sir  Robert 
Wingfield,  who  was  a  member  of  the 
Va.  Co.  in  1619. 

Aston  —  Ashton,  Sir  Walter,  3. 

Sub. ;  pd. .     Grandson  of  Sir 

Thomas  Lucy,  "  Justice  Shallow."  Of 
Texall,  Stafford  ;  born  July  9,  1584. 
His  father  died  in  1597,  and  he  was 
placed  under  the  wardship  of  Sir  Ed- 
ward Coke.  Created  a  bai'onet,  1611 ; 
ambassador  to  Spain,  1620-25  ;  created 
Lord  Aston  of  Forfar  in  the  Scottish 
peerage,  November  28,  1627  ;  ambas- 
sador to  Spain,  1635-38  ;  died  August 
13,  1639.  (His  cousin,  Walter  Aston, 
came  to  Virginia  in  1628,  and  died 
there  in  1656.  His  tomb  is  at  West- 
over.) 

Atkinson,  Richard,  clerk  of  Va. 
Co.  in  1609.  Son  of  Richard  Atkin- 
son, descended  out  of  the  North  of 
England.  His  mother  married,  sec- 
ondly, William  Towersou,  of  London, 
merchant.  He  was  for  a  long  time 
cashier  of  the  E.  I.  Co. 

Atkinson,  William,  2.    Sub. ; 

pd.  £37  10s.  "Counsellor  of  the 
Lawe  dwelling  sometime  in  ffoster 
lane  London "  ;  great  uncle  of  the 
above  Richard.  He  was  especially 
instrumental  in  arresting  and  pro- 
secuting Papists,  recusants,  etc. 

Aucher  —  Archer,  Anthony,  es- 
quire,  2.     Sub. ;  pd. .      Sir 

Anthony  Aucher,  knight,  of  Otterden, 
temp.  Henry  VIII. ,  had  issue  four 
sons,  among  whom  John  of  Otterden 
(whose  daughter  married  Sir  Hum- 
phrey Gilbert),  and  Edward,  who  mar- 
ried Mabel,  daughter  of  Sir  Thomas 
Wrothe,  and  hafi  Anthony  (of  whom  I 
write),  and  Elizabeth  who  married  Sir 
William  Lovelace.  Anthony  Aucher, 
Esq.,  of  Bishopsbourne,  married  two 
wives,  but  had  issue  only  by  the  second, 
Margaret,  daughter  of  Edwin  Sandys, 
Archbishop  of  York  (see  pedigree). 
He  died  January  13,  1609-10,  and  was 
succeeded  by  his  son  (next). 

Aucher  —  Archer,  Sir  Anthony, 

2.     Sub. ;  pd.  £12  10s.     Son  of 

preceding  ;  knighted  at  Chatham,  July 
4, 1604  ;  sheriff  of  Kent,  1614  ;  M.  C. 
for  Va.  Co.  ;  of  the  S.  I.  Co.,  1615  ; 
interested  in  Argall's  plantation,  and 
was  allowed  a  bill  of  adventure  of  £50 
for  sending  four  persons  to  Virginia 
at  his  own  charge,  February  12,  1617  ; 


AUSTEN  — BACON 


819 


sent  Carleton  "  a  relation  from  Guiana 
by  a  worthy  friend,"  February  23, 
1618 ;  married  Hester,  daugliter  of 
Peter  Collet,  Esq.;  buried  at  Bourne, 
July  24,  1G37.  His  son,  Sir  An- 
thony Aucher,  was  created  a  baronet, 
July  4,  IGOG. 

(This  name  was  also  spelled  Ager 
and  Auger.) 

Austen.     See  Asten. 

Avila.     See  Zufiiga. 

Aylmer,  John,  Bishop  of  London. 
Of  Aylmer  Hall,  Norfolk.  Domestic 
chaplain  to  Henry  Grey,  Marquis  of 
Dorset,  father  of  Lady  Jane  Grey  to 
whom  he  was  also  tutor.  During 
Queen  Mary's  reign  he  resided  at 
Strasburg,  and  afterwards  at  Zurich, 
where  he  assisted  Fox  in  his  compila- 
tion of  his  "Book  of  Martyrs."  On 
the  accession  of  Elizabeth  he  returned 
to  England.  He  died  June  3,  1594, 
and  was  buried  in  St.  Paul's. 

Ayloffe.     See  Aliffe. 

Bache,  George,  fishmonger,  2.  Sub. 
;  pd.  £12  10s. 

Bacon,  Sir  Francis,  2.  Sub. ; 

pd.  .     "  The  younger  of  the  two 

sons  of  Sir  Nicholas  Bacon,  Keeper  of 
the  Great  Seal  under  Queen  Eliza- 
beth, by  his  second  wife,  Anne,  second 
daughter  of  Sir  Anthony  Cooke,  of 
Gideon  Hall  in  Essex,  and  sister  to  the 
wife  of  the  Lord  Treasurer  Burghley. 
Was  born  at  York  House,  in  the  Strand, 
London,  January  22,  15G1.  In  April, 
1573,  he  entered  Trinity  College,  Cam- 
bridge, and  was  educated  there  under 
the  care  of  Whitgift,  afterwards  pri- 
mate. March,  1575,  left  college  ; 
while  there  he  is  said  to  have  entered 
his  protest  against  the  philosophy  of 
Aristotle.  In  June,  1-575,  he  was  ad- 
mitted to  Gray's  Inn,  and  became 
ancient  there  November  21,  1576. 
Soon  after  was  attached  to  the  em- 
bassy of  Sir  Amias  Paulet  to  France, 
and  lived  in  the  house  with  that  min- 
ister during  his  embassy,  on  the  af- 
fairs of  which,  he  was  at  least  once 
dispatched  to  communicate  person- 
ally with  the  queen.  His  father  died 
while  he  was  abroad,  February  20, 
1579,  "  leaving  him  but  a  small  for- 
tune." While  in  France  he  wrote  his 
discourse  on  "The  State  of  Europe." 
His  father's  death  compelled  him  to 
return  to  Entrland  and  engafife  in  some 


profitable  occupation.  He  solicited 
his  uncle.  Lord  Burghley,  to  procure 
for  him  such  a  provision  from  govern- 
ment as  might  allow  him  to  devote 
his  time  to  literature  and  philosophy; 
but  "  he,  who  desired  to  live  only  in 
order  to  study,"  was  even  now  "  forced 
to  study  how  to  live."  "  He  devoted 
himself  to  the  study  of  the  law,  and 
on  June  27,  1582,  was  admitted  utter 
barrister."  November  23,  1584,  to 
September  14,  1585,  M.  P.  for  Mel- 
combe  Regis.  Wrote  his  "  Letter  of 
Advice  to  Queen  Elizabeth  "  in  1584- 
85.  "  In  1586  he  became  a  bencher 
of  Gray's  Inn,  and  in  the  parliament, 
15th  October,  1586,  to  23  March,  1587, 
he  sat  for  Taunton."  Lent  reader  of 
Gray's  Inn,  1588.  He  was  one  of  those 
who  aided  T.  Hughes  in  the  composi- 
tion of  "Certaine  Devises  and  shewes 
presented  to  her  Maiestie  at  her  High- 
nesse  Court  in  Greene  wich,  the  28""  day 
of  Februarie  in  the  thirtieth  yeare  of 
her  Maiesties  most  happy  Raigue." 
M.  P.  for  Liverpool,  November  12, 
1588,  to  March  29,  1589.  In  1590, 
queen's  counsel  extraordinary  ;  about 
1591  became  acquainted  with  Essex. 
M.  P.  for  Middlesex,  February  19  to 
April  10,  1593,  and  incurred  Eliza- 
beth's displeasure  by  speaking  on  tlie 
side  of  the  people.  "  Elizabeth  dis- 
missed this  parliament  in  person,  on 
the  10th  of  April,  1593,  in  a  speech 
which  the  boldest  man  of  the  Plan- 
tagenet  Hue  of  monarchs  would  scarce- 
ly have  ventured  to  utter."  On  Jan- 
uary 25,  1594,  Bacon  held  his  first 
brief.  M.  A.,  Cambridge,  July  27, 
1594.  He  failed  to  obtain  the  attor- 
ney-generalship in  1594,  and  the  soli- 
citor-generalship in  1595.  On  the 
17th  November,  1595,  Twickenham 
Park  was  leased  to  Francis  Bacon, 
Esq.,  and  John  Hibbard  for  twenty- 
one  years.  This  lease  is  said  to  have 
been  a  present  from  the  Earl  of 
Essex.  In  May,  1596,  Essex  recom- 
mended him  for  the  mastership  of  the 
rolls,  without  success  ;  and  in  the 
spring  of  1597  Essex  aided  him  in 
vain  in  pressing  his  suit  with  Lady 
Hatton  (the  widow  of  Sir  William 
Newport,  and  afterwords  wife  of  Chief 
Justice  Coke).  The  first  edition  of  his 
Essays  was  dedicated  to  his  brother 
Anthony,  "30  Jan'y,  1597."  In 
1597  he  was  returned  by  both  South- 


820 


BACON 


ampton  and  Ipswich  as  an  M.  P.,  —  I 
have  been  unable  to  gather  for  certain 
for  which  borough  he  elected  to  sit,  — 
October  24, 1597,  to  February  9, 159 1  ; 
arrested  for  debt  September  23,  1598. 
He  was  duplex  reader  of  Gray's  Inn 
in  1600.  The  Essex  troubles,  1599- 
1601  ;  Bacon  conducted  the  prosecu- 
tion of  Essex,  February,  1601.  M.  P. 
for  Ipswich,  October  27  to  December 
19,  1601  ;  knighted  by  James  I.,  July 
23,  1603  ;  appointed  king's  counsel 
August  25,  1604  ;  M.  P.  for  Ipswich, 
March  19,  1604,  to  February  9,  1611  ; 
May  10,  1606,  married  Alice,  daugh- 
ter of  Benedict  Barnham,  late  alder- 
man and  sheriff  of  London  ;  was 
actively  employed  in  the  various  con- 
troversies of  the  time  regarding  the 
Spaniards,  the  Papists,  the  Puritans, 
the  Union  with  Scotland,  etc.  Feb- 
ruary 17,  160f,  replying  to  Nicholas 
Fuller,  in  the  debate  in  Parliament  on 
the  Union  with  Scotland,  he  denied 
that  the  Scots  would  overrun  Eng- 
land ;  "  but  if  the  land  was  too  little, 
the  sea  was  open.  Commerce  would 
give  support  to  thousands.  Ireland 
was  waiting  for  colonists  to  till  it, 
and  the  solitude  of  Virginia  was  cry- 
ing aloud  for  inhabitants."  (Gar- 
diner's "  History  of  England.")  He 
was   appointed  solicitor-general,  June 

25,  1607  ;  register  of  Star  Chamber, 
July,  1608  ;  M.  C.  for  Va.  Co.,  1609. 
"  He  looked  upon  the  Virginian  Col- 
ony as  upon  the  romantic  achieve- 
ments of  Amadis  de  Gaul  ;  while  he 
compared  the  settlement  of  Ireland  by 
the  English  with  the  deeds  related 
in  Csesar's  Commentaries."  An  in- 
corporator of  the  Newfoundland  Com- 
pany, May  2,  1610  ;  joint  judge  of 
Knight  Marshal's  Court,  1611  ;  an 
incorporator  of  the  N.  W.  P.  Co.,  July 

26,  1612. 

While  Salisbury  lived  he  continued 
to  fawn  on  him  with  high-flown  com- 
pliment ;  after  he  was  dead  he  wrote 
his  essay  "  On  Deformity."  Cham- 
berlain wrote  to  Carleton,  December 
17,  1612  :  "  Sir  Francis  Bacon  hath 
set  out  new  essays,  where  in  a  Chapter 
of  Deformity/,  the  world  takes  notice 
that  he  j>aiiits  out  his  little  cousin  to 
the  life."  He  was  "  the  chief  con- 
triver of  the  Mas(juc  of  Grayes  Iniie 
and  the  Inner  Temple,"  played  before 
the  King,  the  Queen,  the  Prince  Count 


Palatine  and  the  Lady  Elizabeth,  at 
Whitehall,  in  February,  1613.  Was 
appointed  attorney-general  October  27, 
1613.  His  celebrated  masque,  in  honor 
of  the  marriage  of  Lord  Rochester 
with  the  divorced  Countess  of  Essex, 
was  performed  January  6,  1614.  M. 
P.  for  Cambridge  University,  April  5 
to  June  7,  1614.  On  April  19,  1615, 
he  gave  the  hand  of  his  niece,  Mrs. 
Anne  (Wodehouse)  Hungate,  at  the 
nuptial  ceremony  to  Sir  Julius  Csesar 
(his  third  wife).  Made  a  privy  coun- 
cilor, June  9,  1616.  Prosecuted  Som- 
erset, 1616.  Lord  keeper  of  the  great 
seal,  March  7,  1617.  Prepared  in- 
structions for  Sir  John  Digby  regard- 
ing the  projected  Spanish  match  in 
March,  1617.  Strickland  says  :  "  Sir 
Francis  Bacon  was  the  person  who 
governed  England  in  the  king's  ab- 
sence "  in  Scotland,  May  to  Septem- 
ber, 1617.  On  May  7,  1617,  he  rode 
from  Gray's  Inn  to  Westminster,  to 
open  the  courts  in  state,  in  most  regal 
style.  Bacon's  rise  kept  pace  with 
Coke's  decline.  He  became  lord  chan- 
cellor, January  4,  and  was  created  Lord 
Verulam,  .July  12,  1618.  Prosecuted 
Ralegh  in  1618.  In  this  year  Captain 
John  Smith  vainly  sought  his  patronage 
in  a  long  letter  still  preserved  among 
the  Colonial  State  Papers  in  England, 
and  William  Strachey  presented  him 
with  a  MS.  copy  of  his  "  Historic  of 
Travaile  into  Virginia  Britannia,"  writ- 
ten in  1612  ;  but  with  alterations  in 
the  text  to  make  it  correspond  with 
the  year  1618.  In  his  letter  of  pres- 
entation Strachey  says  :  "  Your  Lord- 
ship ever  approving  yourself  a  most 
noble  factor  of  the  Virginian  Planta- 
tion, being  from  the  beginning  (with 
other  lords  and  earles)  of  the  princi- 
pall  counsell  applyed  to  propogate  and 
guide  it."  On  February  27,  1618,  Sir 
Thomas  Smythe,  the  governor  of  the 
E.  I.  Co.,  presented  his  name  for  mem- 
bership, and  on  March  18  next  he  was 
admitted  a  free  brother  of  the  E.  I. 
Co.  gratis.  He  prosecuted  Suffolk  in 
1619,  and  Yelverton  in  1620. 

The  year  1621  was  a  most  notable 
one  in  the  life  of  Lord  Bacon.  He 
celebrated  his  sixtieth  birthday  in 
great  style  at  York  House  on  January 
22,  when  his  friend  Ben  .Jonson  read 
a  poem  in  his  honor  containing  these 
lines  :  — 


GEORGE     SANDYS 


BACON 


821 


"  Hail,  happy  genius  of  this  ancient  pile  ! 
How  comes  it  all  things  so  about  thee  smile  ? 
The  file,  the  wine,  the  men,  and  in  the  midst 
Thou  staud'st,  as  if  some  mystery  thou  didst. 

England's  High  Chancellor,  the  destined  heir 
lu  his  soft  cradle,  to  his  father's  chair  ; 
Whose  even  thread  the  Kates  spin  round  and  full, 
Out  of  their  choicest  and  their  whitest  wool." 

January  27  he  was  created  Viscount 
St.  Albans  ;  January  30  Pailianieut 
met ;  February  3,  Hacou,  iu  his  speech 
referring  to  the  "  benefits,  attributes, 
and  acts  of  government  of  King 
James,"  says  :  "  This  Kingdom  now 
first  in  his  Majesty's  times  liath  got- 
ten a  lot  or  portion  in  the  New  World 
by  the  plantation  of  Virginia  and  the 
Summer  Islands.  And  certainly  it  is 
with  the  Kingdoms  on  earth  as  it  is  in 
the  Kingdom  of  heaven  ;  sometimes  a 
grain  of  mustard-seed  proves  a  great 
tree.      Who  can  tell  -  " 

On  March  14  a  cloud  appeared  on 
the  horizon,  and  from  that  day  his 
fall  began.  During  the  rest  of  March 
and  the  month  of  April  he  was  on 
trial,  and  as  he  expressed  it,  "  in  pur- 
gatory." On  May  1  the  Great  Seal 
was  taken  from  him,  and  two  days 
after  he  was  fined  and  imprisoned 
for  a  few  days  in  the  Tower.  "  Ban- 
ished from  public  life,  he  had  now 
ample  leisure  to  attend  to  his  philo- 
sophical and  literary  pursuits."  His 
severities  were  thought  to  prove,  by 
accident,  happy  crosses.  "  Methinks 
they  are  resembled  by  those  of  Sir 
George  Sommers,  who  being  bound 
by  his  employment  to  another  coast, 
was  by  tempest  cast  upon  the  Bar- 
inudas.  And  tlierefore  a  ship  wrack'd 
man  made  full  discovery  of  a  new  tem- 
perate fruitful  Region,  which  none 
had  before  inhabited  ;  and  which  Mar- 
iners, who  had  only  seen  its  rocks, 
had  esteemed  an  inaccessible  and  en- 
chanted place." 

The  Rev.  Joseph  Mead  wrote  from 
Christ  College,  April  6,  1622,  to  Sir 
Martin  Stuteviile  :  "  My  Lord  Veru- 
lam's  History  of  Henry  VII.  is  come 
forth.  I  have  not  read  much  of  it, 
but  they  say  it  is  a  very  pretty  book 
who  have  read  it.  The  price  is  six 
shillings." 

Tlie  projected  Spanish  match  failed ; 
the  Spaniards  requiring  among  other 
things  that  ''  James  I.  should  sur- 
render, unto  the  King  of  Spain,  Vir- 
ginia and  the  B;jrmudas,  and  altogether 


quit  the  West  Indies;"  and  the  same 
year  (1622)  Bacon  wrote  "  An  Adver- 
tisement touching  an  Holy  War,  with 
Questions  about  the  lawfulness  of  a 
War  for  the  proj)agation  of  Religion; " 
in  1624  he  published  his  "  Consider- 
ations touching  a  War  with  Spain," 
inscribed  to  Prince  Charles.  King 
James  declared  war  on  Spain,  March 
10,  1624. 

Lord  Bacon  died  in  the  Earl  of 
Arundell's  House  at  Highgate,  April 
9,  1626,  expiring  in  the  arms  of  Sir 
Julius  CcBsar,  who  liad  married  his 
niece,  and  was  buried  in  St.  Michael's 
Church,  St.  Albans.  "That  glorious 
and  melancholy  instance  of  the  extent 
of  human  wisdom  and  weakness,  the 
Philosopher  Bacon,  found,  after  his 
disgrace,  an  asylum  in  the  bosoms  of 
his  nephew aud  niece;  composed  many 
of  his  immortal  works  in  an  utter  re- 
tirement in  the  house  of  Sir  Julius 
Caisar  ;  became  a  dependent  upon  his 
beneficence  for  a  becoming  support, 
and  expired  in  his  arms."  (Lodge's 
"  Life  of  Sir  Julius  Ctesar.") 

The  first  wife  of  Sir  Julius  C.'esar 
was  a  sister  of  Captain  John  Martin 
of  Brandon  on  the  James  iu  Virginia, 
and  while  Bacon  was  living  with,  Mar- 
tin corresponded  with.  Sir  Julius. 

In  Bacon's  Advice  to  Sir  George 
Villiers,  in  the  article  of  "  Colonies,  or 
foreign  Plantations,"  and  also,  in  his 
essay  "  Of  Plantations,"  we  find  some 
of  the  same  sentiments  which  had  been 
expressed  in  the  Broadsides  of  the 
Council  for  Virginia.  He  may  have 
taken  these  ideas  from  those  Broad- 
sides, or  he  may  have  been  one  of  tlie 
original  authors  of  them,  as  he  was  a 
member  of  that  Council.  Some  of 
the  sentiments  of  the  essay  obtained 
in  the  Virginia  Council  as  early  as 
1609  ;  but  the  reference  to  the  tobacco 
trouble  in  Virginia  indicates  that  it 
was  not  completed  as  published  until 
after  1622.  It  was  probably  written 
or  rewritten  especially  for  his  en- 
larged edition  of  Essays  published  in 
1625.  His  reference  to  merchants 
indicates  that  he  was  friendly  to  the 
Sandys  faction  of  the  Va.  Co.,  and 
his  statement,  that  "it  is  the  sinful- 
lest  thing  in  the  world  to  forsake  or 
destitute  a  plantation  once  iri  forward- 
ness," was  probably  a  rap  at  Ralegh. 

May  not  Bacon  have  aided  Shake- 


822 


BACON  —  BAMFIELD 


speare  in  compiling  some  of  his  plays  ? 
It  was  the  custom  of  the  time  for  sev- 
eral writers  (taking  different  series  of 
characters,  I  suppose)  to  engage  on 
the  same  play,  and  Bacon  always  had 
a  fancy  for  such  things. 

Lord  Bacon  was  first  cousin  to  Sir 
James  Bacon,  of  Friston  Hall,  the  an- 
cestor of  Colonel  Nathaniel  Bacon  of 
the  Virginia  Council,  of  Nathaniel 
Bacon,  the  first  Virginia  rebel,  and  of 
Martha  Bacon,  from  whom  the  pres- 
ent (1890)  President  of  the  United 
States  doubly  descends. 

Badger,  John,  2.     Sub. ;  pd. 

£12  10s. 

BafSn,  Williani,  pilot  of  the  Pa- 
tience in  Hall's  voyage  to  Green- 
land, April  to  September,  1G12  ;  chief 
pilot  of  the  celebrated  expedition  of 
Capt.  Benjamin  Joseph  to  Spitzber- 
gen,  April  to  September,  1G13  ;  went 
the  next  year  on  the  same  voyage  ; 
but  with  Master  Thomas  Sherwin  and 
Robert  Fotherbie  went  out  on  a  dis- 
covery, also,  April  to  October,  1614. 
(This  Robert  Fotherbie,  I  suppose, 
was  related  to  Henry  Fotherbie,  some- 
time secretary  of  the  Virginia  Com- 
pany, and  afterwards,  possibly  clerk 
of  the  New  England  Company. 
Robert  Fotherbie  made  a  voyage  to 
the  Northeast  himself.  May  to  Sep- 
tember, 1615,  and  was  afterwards  in 
the  emplo}-  of  the  E.  I.  Co.  at  Dept- 
ford  from  October,  1615,  to  16i:l.) 
Baffin  was  the  pilot  of  Byleth's 
voyage  to  the  Northwest,  March  to 
September,  1615,  and  again,  March  to 
August,  1616.  He  was  master's  mate 
on  a  voyage  to  the  East  Indies, 
March  5,^617,  to  September,  1619; 
master  on  a  second  voyage  to  the 
East  Indies  from  early  in  1620  to 
January  23,  1622,  on  which  day  he 
was  killed  "  whilst  taking  the  angles 
of  the  Castle  Wall"  at  the  siege  of 
Kishm  in  the  Persian  Gulf.  "  He  was 
one  of  the  first  to  endeavor  to  deter- 
mine longitude  at  sea  by  astronomical 
observations." 

Bagge,  James,  of  Plymouth,  mer- 
chant. Son  of  George  Bagge,  of  Wev- 
moutli.  M.  P.  for  Plvmouth,  KJOl 
and  1604-11  ;  M.  C.  'for  Va.  Co., 
1606  ;  comptroller  of  the  customs  at 
Plymouth  and  Fowey  ;  deputy  mayor 
of  Plymouth  in  1623.  He  married 
Margaret,   daughter   of    John    Sloue, 


Esq.  ;  was  buried  at  St.  Andrew's 
Church,  Plymouth,  April  6,  1624. 
His  eldest  son  bore  his  name,  and  it 
is  sometimes  hard  to  distinguish  be- 
tween father  and  son.  One  or  the 
other  of  them  was  an  agent  for  the 
E.  I.  Co.  at  Plymouth  in  1619,  etc., 
and  "  June  28,  1620,  the  Virginia 
Company  gave  Mr.  James  Bagge  ^'re 
shares  "  of  land  in  Virginia. 

Bagge,  James,  son  of  the  above  ; 
M.  P.  for  Bodmin  in  1621-22  ;  West 
Looe,  1624-25  ;  East  Looe,  1625-26, 
and  Plympton,  1628-29  ;  knighted  at 
Saltcombe,  Devon,  September  19, 1625; 
governor  of  Plymouth  Castle  ;  member 
of  " ye  Councell  for  New  England" 
June  26,  1632  ;  voted  to  resign  the 
N,  E.  charter,  April  25, 1635.  In  No- 
vember, 1635,  he  was  before  the  Star 
Cliamber.  "He  was  the  creature  of 
Buckingham,  and  the  'bottomless 
bar/ge  '  of  the  patriot  Eliot." 

Baker,  John,   2.     Sub.  ;  pd. 

£25.  Probably  the  father  of  Sir  Rich- 
ard Baker. 

Baker,  Sir  Richard.  Historian  ; 
born  about  1568;  died  in  Fleet  prison, 
February  18,  1645.  He  was  first 
cousin  to  Sir  John  Scott. 

Baker,  Thomas.     Sub.  ;  pd. 

£100.  (Attorney,  Guildhall  ;  died  Oc- 
tober 6,  1633  ?). 

Baldwm,  Francis,  3.     Sub.  ; 

pd.  £12  10s. 

Ball,  Richard,  an  eminent  London 
merchant  ;  of  the  E.  I.  and  N.  W.  P. 
Cos.  In  1618  he  is  mentioned  as  hav- 
ing fitted  out  two  ships  for  the  discov- 
ery of  an  island  in  the  West  Indies. 
He  died  after  1624.  His  brother, 
George  Ball,  a  factor  for  the  E.  I. 
Co.  at  Bantam,  was  recalled  because 
of  his  notorious  abuses.  Richard  was 
a  leading  opponent  of  the  Smythe 
party  in  the  Va.  Co.  during  1622-24. 
His  name  has  generally  been  trans- 
cribed from  the  records  as  Bull  ;  but 
Ball  is  correct. 

Baltimore,  Lord. — George  Calvert. 

Bamfield  —  Bampfield,  Sir  Atni- 

as,  3.     Sub. ;  pd.  £12  10s.     The 

Bampf velds  have  been  settled  at  Polti- 
more,  Devonshire,  since  the  reign  of 
Edward  I.  Sir  Amias  was  M.  P.  for 
Devon,  1.597-98;  knighted  at  Windsor, 
July  9,  1603  ;  died  February  9,  1626, 
and  was  buried  at  North  Mollon,  Dev- 
on.    Ancestor  of  Lords  Poltimore. 


BANBURY  —  BARGRAVE 


823 


Banbury,  Earl  of.  — William  Knol- 
lys. 

Bancroft.  Richard,  Bishop  of  Lon- 
don, etc.  Was  born  in  lot!  ;  edu- 
cated at  Jesus  College,  Cambridge; 
under  the  patronage  of  Sir  Christo- 
pher Hatton  about  1585  ;  made  Bishop 
of  London,  1597  ;  Archbishop  of  Can- 
terbury, 1604: ;  Chancellor  of  the  Uni- 
versity of  Oxford,  1608.  Died  No- 
vember 2,  1610,  and  was  interred  in 
Lambeth  Church. 

In  my  remarks  on  XLIX.,  I  have 
stated  my  belief  that  this  first  draft 
was  given  by  Wingfield  to  Bancroft, 
and  by  Bancroft  to  the  Lambeth  Li- 
brary. It  seems  natural  that  Wing- 
field  should  do  this,  as  in  his  defense 
of  himself  from  the  charge  of  athe- 
ism, etc.,  he  makes  the  following  di- 
rect appeal  to  Bancroft  :  — 

"  For  my  first  worke  (which  was  to 
make  a  right  choice  of  a  spirituall 
pastor),  I  appeale  to  the  reinembraunce 
of  my  Lo.  of  Caimt :  his  grace,  who 
gave  me  very  gracious  audience  in 
my  request.  And  the  World  kuoweth 
whome  I  took  with  me  :  truly,  in  my 
opinion,  a  man  not  any  waie  to  be 
touched  with  the  rebellious  humors  of 
a  popish  spirit,  nor  blemished  with  ye 
least  suspition  of  a  factius  scismatiek, 
whereof  I  had  a  special  care."  (See 
Rev.  Robert  Hunt.) 

If  Bancroft  placed  Wingfield's  ap- 
peal (as  I  think)  on  record  in  Lam- 
beth Library,  it  would  seem  to  be  an 
indorsation  by  him  of  the  correctness 
of  that  appeal. 

Capt.  John  Smith,  writing  in  1630, 
in  that  prevaricating  and  misleading 
style  which  developed  with  his  age, 
says  :  "But  Jamestowne  was  509 
pounds  a  yeare,  as  they  say,  appointed 
by  the  Councell  here,  allowed  by  the 
Councell  there,  and  confirmed  by  the 
Archbishop  of  Canterbury  his  Grace, 
Primate  and  Metropolitan  of  all  Eng- 
land, An.  1605  to  Master  Richard  Hac- 
luit  Prebend  of  Westminster  :  who  by 
his  authority  sent  Master  Robert  Hunt 
an  honest,  religious  and  courageous 
Divine."  A  tangle  of  truth  and  false- 
hood. The  charter  was  not  sealed 
until  April,  1606,  and  poor  Hunt's 
salary  was  certainly  less  than  £50. 
"  500  pounds  a  yeare  "would  be  equiv- 
alent to  over  810,000  per  annum,  pres- 
ent values. 


Banister.     See  Bannister. 

Banks,  John,  mercer,  2.    Sub. ; 

pd.  £112  10s.  Born  about  1571  ; 
apprenticed  to  Baptist  Hicks;  admit- 
ted a  member  of  the  Mercers'  Com- 
panv  in  151)9  ;  of  the  E.  I.  Co.  in 
160V  ;  N.  W.  P.  Co.,  1612  ;  B.  I.  Co., 
1615.  Was  master  of  the  Mercers 
when  he  died,  September  9,  1630. 
There  is  "  a  faire  monument  to  him  in 
the  Parish  Church  of  St.  Michael  the 
Quern,  in  the  North  He,  mentioning 
his  many  acts  of  charity  "  :  — 

"  Much  was  to  liim  committed  much  lie  gave, 
Entering  his  treasure  there  where  all  shall  have 
Return  with  use.     Wliat  to  the  poor  is  given 
Claims  a  just  promise  of  reward  in  heaven." 

His  only  daughter  and  heir,  Anne, 
married,  July  5, 1631,  Edmond  Waller 
(the  poet),  of  Berkensfield  in  Buck- 
inghamshire. She  died  after  Decem- 
ber, 1631,  and  her  hixsband  probably 
inherited  her  interests  in  Virginia  and 
the  Bermudas.  Capt.  Henry  Waller 
of  the  Massachusetts  Company,  and  a 
relative  of  the  poet's,  aided  him  in 
securing  his  bride,  whom  he  stole 
from  her  guardians. 

Banks,  Miles,  cutler,  2.    Sub. ; 

pd.  £.10. 

Bannister,  Richard,  merchant,  2. 

Sub.  ;  pd.    £50.      "  Licensed    to 

make  cloths  and  beaver  for  twenty- 
one  years,  March  24,  1618." 

Barber,  Edward.     See  Barkham. 

Barber,     Thomas,     merchant,    2. 

Sul). ;  pd.  £62  10s.  of  the  E.  I. 

and  X.  W.  P.  Cos. 

Bargrave  (Baigar),  Capt.  George. 
Sub. ;  pd.  .  Robert  Bar- 
grave,  of  Bridge  in  Kent,  had  by  his 
wife  Joanna,  daughter  of  John  Gil- 
bert, of  Sandwich,  three  daughters 
and  six  sons.  One  of  the  daughters, 
Ingle  or  Angel  Bargrave,  married, 
October  4,  1604,  Rev.  John  Boys 
(1571-1625),  afterwards  Dean  of  Can- 
terbury. The  sons  were:  Rev.  Thomas 
(who  came  to  Virginia  about  1619,  and 
died  there  in  1621,  leaving  his  library, 
valued  at  100  marks,  to  the  college  at 
Henrico),  Richard,  Capt.  John,  Robert, 
Capt.  George,  aiid  Rev.  Isaac  Bar- 
grave  (1586-1643),  afterwards  Dean 
of  Canterbury.  Capt.  George  Bar- 
grave  was  born  about  1584.  He  was 
captain  of  the  Edwin  in  1618  and 
1619,  and  I  suppose,  before  and  after 
those  dates.     The  Edwin  was  sent  to 


824 


BARGRAVE  —  BARKHAM 


the  Bermudas  in  March,  1614  ;  re- 
mained there  some  time,  and  returned 
to  England  in  tlie  winter  of  1614-15. 
She  made  another  voyage  to  the  S.  I. 
in  1615  ;  and  sailed  from  England  on 
a  third  voyage  in  February,  161  ^ ;  soon 
after  her  arrival  in  the  S.  I ,  "  being  a 
barke  of  very  good  sayle,"  she  was 
sent  to  the  West  Indies,  from  whence 
she  returned  late  in  the  summer  of 
1616,  loaded  with  lignum  vit:e,  certain 
plants  and  fruits,  and  "  a  Negroe  the 
first  thes  Islands  ever  had.^^  From  the 
Bermudas,  the  Edwin  returned  to  Eng- 
land, arriving  there  some  time  before 
March  5,  161^,  on  which  day  the  Va. 
Co.  allowed  Capt.  George  Bargrave 
five  shares  for  services  rendered.  He 
made  a  fourth  voyage  (probably  to 
Virginia)  in  1617-18,  about  which 
there  was  some  trouble  on  his  return 
in  the  spring  of  1618.  His  fifth  voy- 
age, in  1619,  was  certainly  to  Vir- 
ginia, where  he  arrived  in  the  spring 
of  1619.  He  married  Dorcas,  daugh- 
ter of  John  Martin.  (I  am  very  sure 
this  was  our  Capt.  John  Martin.)  See 
also  the  next. 

Bargrave,  Capt.  John.    Sub. ; 

pd. ;    of  Patricksborne   in   Kent, 

born  about  1578.  He  tells  us  that, 
"  after  10  yeares  service  in  the  Avarres 
in  the  summer  tyme  and  at  my  study 
in  the  wynter,"  he  became  interested 
in  the  Virginia  Colony,  and  claimed  to 
be  "  the  first  person  who  established 
a  private  plantation  in  Virginia,"  I 
infer,  about  the  year  1618.  His 
brother  George  was  captain  ;  James 
Bret,  master;  and  he  was  part  owner 
of  the  Edwin.  He  claimed  to  have 
"a  patent  of  free  trade  from  the 
Va.  Co.,"  and  prior  to  1619  "had 
bought  and  set  out  divers  ships."  On 
the  return  of  the  Edwin  from  the  S.  I., 
probably  via  Virginia,  the  company 
allowed  him  fifteen  shares  of  land  in 
Virginia  for  his  services,  on  March  5, 
161^',  and  on  her  return  in  1618  he 
gave  Lord  Zouch  an  indemnifying 
bond  May  4,  and  the  Edwin  was 
allowed  to  pass  up  to  London  on  May 
13.  There  was  a  long  dispute  be- 
tween Sir  Thomas  Smythc  and  Capt. 
John  Bargrave  in  regard  to  his  trade 
to  Virginia  and  the  S.  I.,  which  began 
prior  to  1619,  and  continued  as  long  as 
Smythc  lived.  There  were  claims  on 
both    sides.     Smythe    sued    him    for 


£500  due  the  Va.  Co.,  and  he  claimed 
heavy  damages  for  being  debarred 
certain  privileges  of  free  trade,  and  of 
his  private  plantation.  All  of  his 
claims  were  denied  by  the  officials  of 
the  company  prior  to  1619.  Early  in 
1620  he  was  granted  a  patent  for 
lands  in  Virginia  by  the  Sandys  ad- 
ministration, and  soon  after  transferred 
ten  shares  to  sundry  persons.  In  Feb- 
ruary, 162  J,  he  presents  his  "  learned 
treatise  upon  the  government  of  Vir- 
ginia, by  a  gentleman  refusing  to  be 
named,"  —  who  signs  as  "  Ignotus,"  — 
to  the  Va.  Co.,  and  it  is  considered  by 
a  committee  in  February,  April,  and 
June,  1621,  and  is  continually  referred 
to  by  Bargrave  in  his  petitions,  etc., 
until  October,  1624.  Bargrave 's  broth- 
er Isaac  was  one  of  the  actors  in 
George  Ruggle's  Latin  comedy  of 
"  Ignoramus,"  and  it  is  thought  that 
Ruggle  aided  him  in  his  treatise 
signed  "  Ignotus."  He  married,  prior 
to  1600,  Jane,  daughter  of  Giles 
Crouch,  of  London,  and  at  the  visita- 
tion of  Kent  in  1619  had  two  sons 
and  two  daughters  living.  It  is  fre- 
quently hard  to  distinguish  the  cajjtains 
Bargrave.  Capt.  (ieorge  certainly 
made  several  voyages  to  Virginia. 
Capt.  John  "  sent  servants  and  ship- 
ping thither  ;  "  but  I  doubt  if  he  ever 
went  there  himself. 

Barker,  Robert,  cordwainer,  2. 
Sub. ;  pd.  £25. 

Barker,  Mr.  (Robert),  stationer. 
Pd.  £5.  The  son  of  Christopher 
Barker,  "  The  Queen's  [Elizabeth] 
Printer."  He  was  "  The  King's 
[James  I.]  Printer  ;  "  made  free  of 
the  Stationers'  Company,  per  patri- 
monium,  June  25,  1589,  and  was  ad- 
mitted to  the  livery,  July  1,  1592. 
With  George  Bishop  and  Ralfe  New- 
berie,  he  printed  Hakluyt's  "  Principal 
Navigations  "  in  1598.  He  was  the 
printer  and  patentee  of  the  new  trans- 
lation (1611)  of  the  Bible.  Died 
January  10,  164|,  while  a  prisoner  in 
the  King's  Bench  for  debt. 

Barkham,  Edv^ard,  draper,  3. 
Sub.  £37  10s  ;  pd.  £12  10s.  Stith 
gives  this  name  as  Barber,  the  Kim- 
bolton  MS.  as  Barker,  and  Strype  also 
gives  it  as  Barker,  in  his  list  of  the 
lord  mayors  ;  but  the  correct  name  is 
Barkham.  He  was  the  son  of  Edward 
Barkham   by  his  second    wife,  Eliza- 


i 


BARKHAM  —  BARRINGTON 


825 


beth  Rolfe,  of  Norfolk  ;  was  a  mem- 
ber of  the  E.  I.  Co.  ;  alderman  of 
London,  successively,  of  Farringdon 
and  Cheap  wards  ;  sheriff  in  IGll  ; 
lord  mayor  1621-22  ;  knighted  June 
16,  1622  ;  readmitted  into  the  Va. 
Co.,  July  3,  1622  ;  will  dated  Janu- 
ary 15,  1632.  Died  January  15,  163^. 
His  son  Edward's  (created  a  baronet 
in  1623  ;  M.  P.  for  Boston  hi  1625  and 
1626)  daughter  Margaret  married 
Sir  Edmund  Jennings,  of  Ripon,  and 
was  the  mother  of  Edmund  Jennings 
(acting  governor  of  Virginia,  1710), 
an  ancestor  of  Gen.  R.  E.  Lee,  and 
of  very  many  other  distinguished  Am- 
ericans. 

Sir  Edward  Barkham's  (the  lord 
mayor)  daughter  Jane  married  Sir 
Charles  C:esar  (master  of  the  rolls), 
the  nephew  of  Capt.  John  Martin  ; 
another  daughter  Margaret  was  the 
wife  of  Sir  Anthony  Irby. 

Barneham,  Sir  Francis,  3.     Sub. 

;  pd. .     Of  Boughton  Mon- 

chelsea  ;  knighted,  with  his  father, 
July  23,  1603  ;  M.  P.  Grampound, 
1604-11  ;  Maidstone,  1614,  1621-22, 
1624-25,  1625-26,  1628-29, 1640,  and 
1640  till  decease  about  1645.  He  was 
first  cousin  to  Sir  Francis  Bacon's  wife. 

Earners  —  Berners,  Anthony, 
esquire,  2.     Sub.  £37  10s  ;  pd.  £100. 

Barnes,  alias  Baron,  Edward, 
mercer,  2.  Sub.  £37  10s.  ;  pd.  £62 
10s.  Son  of  Richard  Baron  by  his 
second  wife,  Margaret  Morton  ;  ad- 
mitted into  the  Mercers'  Company  by 
patrimony  in  1586  ;  warden  in  1601 
and  liJlO  ;  master  in  1615.  His  father 
and  himself  were  both  benefactors  of 
the  Mercers. 

Barnes,  Sir  George,  the  elder, 
haberdasher.  "Dwelled  in  Barthol- 
omew Lane."  Sheriff  of  London,  1545- 
46  ;  the  first  merchant  adventurer  to 
Barbary,  Russia,  and  Genoa  ;  an  in- 
corporator of  the  first  organized  Eng- 
lish company  for  discovery,  etc.,  1551  ; 
lord  mayor,  and  knighted,  1.552-53  ; 
"  a  principall  doer  "  in  sending  Sir 
Hugh  Willoiighby  to  the  N.  E.  in 
1553  ;  one  of  "  the  first  four  Con- 
suls "  of  the  Mereliant  Adventurers, 
February  6,  15.j3.  He  is  mentioned 
most  kindly  in  the  farewell  letter  of 
Bishop  Ridley  (the  martyr),  October, 
1555.  Died  February  8,  1558,  and 
was  buried  in  the  Church  of  St.  Bar- 


tholomew the  Little.  He  married 
Alice,  daughter  of  Mr.  Brooke,  of 
Shropshire.  She  died  in  1559,  leaving 
two  sons  and  two  daughters,  George 
(of  whom  hereafter),  John,  Anne,  and 
Elizabeth.  John  married  Jane  Lang- 
ton  ;  left  two  daughters.  Anne  mar- 
ried, first,  Alexander  Carliell,  of  Lon- 
don, leaving  at  least  one  son  and  one 
daughter  :  namely,  Captain  Christo- 
pher Carliell,  and  Alice,  who  married 
Christopher  Hudson. 

Anne  Barnes-CarlicU  married,  sec- 
ondly, Sir  Francis  Walsingham,  but 
left  no  issue  by  him.  Elizabeth  Barnes 
married  Sir  John  Rivers,  Lord  Mayor 
of  London,  in  1573.  He  died  in  1584, 
leaving  six  sons  and  three  daughters. 
Captain  John  Rivers  was  the  second 
sou. 

Barnes,  Sir  George,  the  younger, 
haberdasher.  Eldest  son  of  Sir 
George,  the  elder  aforesaid  ;  was  a 
leading  merchant  adventurer  ;  alder- 
man of  London,  1574  ;  sheriff",  1576  ; 
interested  in  Fenton's  voyage,  1582- 
83,  and  in  Davis's  voyages  to  the 
N.  W.,  1585-87  ;  Lord  Mayor  of  Lon- 
don, and  knight,  1586-87.  John  Stow 
dedicated  the  1587  edition  of  "  The 
Chronicles  of  England  "  to  him.  Presi- 
dent of  St.  Thomas's  Hospital,  1591. 
Died  February  8,  1592.  "  He  dwelled 
in  Lombard  Street,  over  against  the 
George,  in  the  house  which  was  Sir 
William  Chester's,  and  was  buried  in 
the  Church  of  St.  Edmond  the  King, 
hard  by."  He  married  Anne,  daughter 
of  Sir  William  Gerrard,  and  had  issue 
by  her  one  daughter  and  eight  sons. 
The  daughter,  Anne  Barnes,  married 
W.alter  Marler,  and  the  eldest  son, 
William  Barnes,  married  Anne,  sister 
of  Sir  pjdwin  Sandvs. 

Barnes,  William,  2.  Sub.  £37 
10s.  ;  pd.  £37  10s.  Son  of  Sir  Geoi-ge, 
the  younger  (the  preceding);  married 
Anne  Sandys. 

Barnevelt.     See  Olden  Barnevelt. 

Baron,  Christopher,  elothworker, 

2.  Sub.  ;  pd.  £62  10s. 

Barrett,  William,  "  king's  grocer," 

3.  Sub.  £37  10s.  ;  pd.  £25.  Of  the 
E.  I.  Co. 

Barrington,  Sir  Francis,  3.  Sub. 
£37  10s.  ;  pd.  £37  10s.  Great-great- 
grandson  of  Georgia,  Duke  of  Clar- 
ence, brother  to  Edward  IV.  ;  was 
M.  P.  for  Essex,  1601  ;  knighted  at 


826 


BARROS  —  BEADLE 


Theobald's,  May  7,  1603  ;  M.  P.  Es- 
sex, 1604-11  ;  created  a  baronet, 
June  29,  1011  ;  M.  P.  Essex,  1621-22, 
1624-25,  1625,  1626,  and  1627-28. 
Died  July  3,  1628.  He  married  Joan, 
daughter  of  Sir  Henry  Cromwell, 
and  aunt  of  the  Protector  Crotiiwell. 
Their  daughter  Joan  married  Sir 
Richard  Everard,  and  Bishop  William 
Meade  of  Virginia  was  a  descendant 
of  theirs.  Lady  Joan  Barrington  sur- 
vived her  husband.  See  the  letters 
written  to  her  by  Rev.  Roger  Wil- 
liams, in  1629,  published  in  "  N.  E. 
Register,"  July,  1889,  pp.  316,  320. 

Barros,  John.  Joan  de  Barros, 
"  the  Portuguese  Livy."  He  died  in 
1571.  (jilbert  refers  to  him  in  his 
Discourse  of  the  N.  W.  P. 

Bartle,  Barklet,  Bartley,  Peter, 
3.  Sub.  £37  10s.  ;  pd.  £37  10s.  On 
November  15,  1619,  he  sold  his  three 
shares  in  Virginia  to  Dr.  Theodore 
Gulston. 

Barton,  Captain  George.  A  sol- 
dier in  the  Low  Country  wars. 

Baskerville,         Sir  Thomas. 

Greatly  distinguished  himself  as  a  cap- 
tain in  the  Low  Country  wars.  The 
Duke  of  Parma  said  of  him  at  Sluys, 
in  1587  :  "There  serves  no  prince  in 
Europe  a  braver  man  than  this  Eng- 
lishman." Kniglited  by  Lord  Wil- 
loughby,  at  Bergen,  in  November, 
1588  ;  "  went  to  France  with  Wil- 
loughby  in  1589  ;  commanded  the  gar- 
rison at  the  Rammekens  in  1592  ; 
commanded  troops  sent  to  Brittanj^ 
1594  ;  appointed  colonel  general  of 
the  soldiers  in  the  fleet  of  Drake  and 
Hawkins,  June  21,  1595  ;  commanded 
troops  in  Picardy  in  1596,  where  he 
died  of  a  fever,  June  4,  1597.  He 
married  Mary,  daughter  of  Sir  Thomas 
Throckmorton  (see  pedigree). 

Basse,  Humphrey,  3.     Sub. ; 

pd.  £37  lOs.  Of  the  E.  I.  and  N.  W. 
P.  Cos. 

Bateman,  Robert,  2.     Sub. ; 

pd.  £25.  "  xV  member  of  the  Skin- 
ners' Company  ;  was  joined  in  com- 
mercial matters  with  Nicholas  Ferrar 
the  elder,  and  otliers."  He  was  the 
second  son  of  Richard  Bateman,  of 
Hartington,  County  Derby  ;  baptized 
there  Se])tember  8,  1561  ;  an  incor- 
porator of  the  E.  I.  Co.,  1600  ;  of  the 
N.  W.  P.  Co.,  1612  ;  he  served  on  the 
committee,  and   was   an  auditor  and 


solicitor  to  the  E.  I.  Co.  ;  M.  P.  for 
Weymouth,  1614  ;  deputy  governor 
of  the  company  for  bringing  a  new 
river  to  London,  1619  ;  one  of  the 
treasurers  of  the  E.  I.  Co.,  1620  ;  M. 
P.  for  London,  1621-22  ;  recom- 
mended to  the  Va.  Co.  by  King  James 
as  a  fit  person  for  their  deputy  treas- 
urer in  May,  1622;  M  P.  for  London, 
1624-25  ;  member  of  the  royal  com- 
mission for  winding  up  tlie  Va.  Co., 
July  15,  1624.  I  think  he  was  a 
member  of  the  Company  of  Massa- 
chusetts Bay  in  New  England,  1629. 
Was  chamberlain  of  the  City  of  Lon- 
don. Died  December  11,  1644  ;  will 
dated  August  3,  1641;  proved  August 
2,  1645.  He  founded  and  endowed 
the  divinity  lectureship  of  Ashbourne, 
County  Derby,  and  was  a  benefactor 
to  the  Skinners'  Company.  He  was 
married  twice,  and  left  four  sons:  first, 
Robert,  of  Rotterdam,  Holland  ;  sec- 
ond. Sir  William;  third.  Sir  Anthony, 
lord  mayor  in  1664  ;  and  fourth,  Sir 
Thomas,  created  a  baronet  in  1664. 
The  last  three  were  aldermen  of  Lon- 
don and  suffered  great  losses  by  the 
fire  of  1666. 

Bathe,  Earl  of.  —  William  Bour- 
chier. 

Bathurst,     Timothy,     grocer,    2. 

Sub. ;  pd.  £25.     Having  served 

his  apprenticeship  to  Launcelot  Bath- 
urst, was  admitted  to  the  freedom 
of  the  Grocers'  Company,  January 
14,  1577  ;  to  the  livery.  May  24,  1596; 
paid  £15  as  his  sliare  of  the  £20,000 
levied  on  the  city  by  Queen  Elizabeth 
in  1598  ;  junior  warden  of  the  Grocers 
in  1609  ;  became  insolvent  during  liis 
wardenship,  and  was  found  to  be  a  de- 
faulter at  the  expiring  of  his  term  to 
the  extent  of  £368,  which  the  senior 
warden,  Edmond  Peshall,  was  required 
by  the  court  (of  the  company)  to  pay, 
because  he  knew  of  Wai'den  Bathurst's 
insolvency.  (Launcelot  Bathurst,  al- 
derman, was  ancestor  of  the  present 
Earl  Bathurst.) 


^>tr^'^^^'~Z20  ^-^ 


Bayley,  Thomas,  vintner,  2.  Sub. 
;  pd.  £25. 

Beadle  —  Bedell,  Gabriel,  2.  Sub. 
;  pd.  £12  10s. 


BEADLE  —  BERKLEY 


827 


Beadle  —  Bedell,  John,  2.  Sub. 
;  £12  lOs. 

Beale,  Ed'ward,  grocer,  2.  Sub. 
;  pd.  .  Admitted  to  free- 
dom, 1.j94  ;  to  livery,  1G09  ;  to  the 
Court  of  Assistants,  March  14,  1G21. 

Beale,  Robert  (l.-j-ll-lGOl).  Di- 
plomatist and  antiquary. 

Beaumont,  John,  elothworker,  3. 
Sub. ;  pd.  £12  10s. 

Beaumont,  Sir  Thomas,  the  elder, 
3.  Sub.  £37  10s.  ;  pd.  £2o.  Knighted 
April  23,  1G03  ;  M.  P.  Taraworth, 
1605-11.     Died  November  27,  1014. 

Beck,  Charles.     Pd.  £25. 

Beck,  William,  gent.,  3.  Sub. 
;  pd.  £25. 

Bedford,  Countess  of.  —  Lucy 
Harrington. 

Bedford,  Earl  of.  —  Edward  Rus- 
.sell. 

Bedingfield,  Sir  Henry,  3.     Sid). 

;  pd.  £37  10s.    Of  Oxburgh  Hall, 

Norfolk  ;  knighted  at  Wliitehall,  July 
i:l,  1G04  ;  M.  P.  for  Norfolk,  1614  ; 
fought  under  the  royal  standard  in  the 
civil  war.  Died  November  22,  1656. 
In  1607  George  Wilson  dedicated  to 
him  "  The  Commendation  of  Cock- 
Fighting.  AVhereiii  is  shewed  that 
cock-fighting  was  before  the  coming 
of  Christ  " 

Bell,  Robert,  merchant,  3.     Sub. 

;  pd.  £37  10s.     Of  the  N.  W.  P. 

Co.,  and  one  of  the  directors  of  the 
E.  I.  Co.  ;  on  the  Virginia  Commission 
of  July  15,  1624.  He  married  Alice, 
daughter  of  Ralphe  Colston,  of  Essex  ; 
was  deputy  alderman  of  Lime  Street 
ward,  Loudon,  m  1633,  and  was  living 
in  1634. 

Bennet,    George,   2.     Sub.  ; 

pd.  .     Also  of  E.  I.  and  N.  W. 

P.  companies. 

Bennet,  Sir  John,  3.  Sub.  £37 
10s.  ;  pd.  £37  10s.  Judge  of  High 
Court  of  Admiralty,  and  of  the  Pre- 
rogative Court  of  Canterbury  ;  M.  P. 
Ripon,  1597-98  ;  York,  1601  ;" knighted 
at  Whitehall,  July  23,  1603  ;  M.  P. 
Ripon,  1604-11,  Oxford  University, 
1614  and  1621,  until  expelled.  Died 
in  1627.  His  grandson,  Henry  Bennet, 
was  created  Earl  of  Arlington. 

Bennet,  William,  fishmonger,    2. 

Sub. ;  pd.  £25.     One  of  the  six 

wardens  of  the  Fislimongers  in  1605. 

Benson,  Nicholas,  2.  Sub.  £37 
10s.  ;   pd.   £75.     "  He  was  the  sixth 


son  of  Richard  Benson,  of  the  North 
parts  of  England,  nigh  Kendall,  in 
Heram  parish  " 

Benson,  Peter,  2.     Sub. ;  pd. 

£25.  Of  Knaresborough  ;  a  friend 
of  Sir  William  Craven's.  He  became 
interested  in  the  plantation  of  Ulster, 
Ireland. 

Berkeley  —  Berkley  —  Barkley, 
etc.  Berkeley,  Sir  Charles.  Eldest 
son  of  Sir  Maurice  Berkeley,  of  Bru- 
ton,  County  Somerset.  Born  about 
1597  ;  M.  P.  for  Somerset  from  March, 
1621,  to  February,  1622  ;  for  Bodmin, 
1624-25  ;  Hevtesbury,  1625,  1626, 
and  1628-29  ;  'for  Bath  in  1640,  and 
again  in  16(>1,  until  void  ;  knighted  at 
Bewlej^,  August  2(5,  1623.  Father  of 
Charles,  created  Viscount  Fitzhar- 
dinge,  in  Ireland,  March  17,  1664,  and 
Earl  of  Falmouth,  iu  England,  whom 
he  succeeJed  in  the  Irish  Viscountcy 
of  Fitzhardinge,  June  3,  1665,  and 
died  June  12,  1668.  He  was  the  old- 
est brother  of  Sir  William  Berkeley, 
the  governor  of  Virginia. 

Berkeley,  EdAvard,  gent.,  3.  Sub. 
;  pd.  £12  10s.  He  came  to  Vir- 
ginia, and  was  living  on  Hog  Island 
in  1625. 

Berkeley,  George,  merchant,  2. 
Sub.  £37  lOs.  ;  pd.  £12  10s.  "  Being 
a  childe,  he  was  transported  into  the 
East  Countries."  Purchas,  vol.  iii. 
pp.  625-631,  gives  the  narrative  of  his 
travels  in  I2urope,  Asia,  Africa,  and 
America.  He  went  twice  to  the  Ber- 
mudas. Smith  calls  him  "  Master 
Bartlet."  In  1615  he  went  out  to  the 
East  Indies  as  factor  for  the  com- 
pany, and  died  there  in  1618. 

Berkley,  Sir  Maurice,  2.  Sub. 
£75  ;  pd.  £80.  Sir  Richard  Berkeley, 
knight,  of  Stoke  (iifford  in  Glouces- 
ter, died  in  1514,  leaving  by  Elizabeth 
his  wife,  daughter  of  Sir  Humphrey 
Coningsby,  two  sons,  namely.  Sir 
ilohn  Berkeley  (ancestor  of  Norborne 
Berkele}^  Baron  de  Botetourt,  gov- 
ernor of  Virginia,  1768-70),  and  Sir 
Maurice  Berkeley,  Knight  of  the  Bath, 
of  Bruton  in  Somersetshire,  stand- 
ard-bearer to  Henry  VIII.,  Edward 
VI.,  and  Queen  I^lizabeth  ;  who,  by 
his  first  wife,  Catherine,  daughter  of 
William  Blount,  Loi'd  Montjov,  and 
his  wife,  Alice  Kebel  (Cabell),  had 
a  son.  Sir  Henry  Berkeley,  who  was 
the  father  of  Sir  Maurice   Berkeley, 


828 


BERKELEY  —  BING 


of  Bruton,  Somerset,  of  whom  I  write ; 
which  Sir  Maurice  was  knighted 
by  Essex  for  gallantry  at  Cadiz,  in 
1596  ;  M.  P.  for  Truro,  1597-98  ;  for 
Somerset,  1601,  and  for  Minehead, 
1604-11  ;  M.  C.  for  Va.,  March  9, 
1607  ;  M.  C.  for  Va.  Co.,  May  23, 
1609  ;  about  1610  he  was  an  under- 
taker for  2,000  acres  of  land  in  Ul- 
ster, Ireland;  M.  P.  for  Somerset  in 
1614.  lie  married  Elizabeth,  daugh- 
ter of  Sir  William,  and  sister  of  Sir 
Robert  Killigrew,  of  Hanworth,  Mid- 
dlesex, and  died  prior  to  May  10,  1617. 
George  Lord  Carew,  writing  to  Sir 
Thomas  Roe  (who  was  in  East  India) 
under  May,  1617,  says,  "  Sir  Maurice 
Berkeley  is  lately  dead,  who  was  a 
gentleman,  as  you  know,  of  many  good 
parts."  He  left  five  sons,  all  of  whom 
were  knights,  and  two  daughters, 
namely,  1.  Sir  Charles  (whom  see)  ; 
2.  Sir  Henry,  baptized  December  8, 
1600  ;  3.  Sir  Maurice,  baptized  April 
24,  1603  ;  4.  Sir  John,  baptized  Feb- 
ruary, 1606-07  (the  first  Baron  Berke- 
ley, of  Stratton,  and  a  proprietor  of 
Carolina)  ;  5.  Sir  William,  baptized 
July  16,  1608  (governor  of  Vii'ginia, 
1641,  etc.)  ;  1.  Margaret,  and  2.  Jane, 
daughters. 

On  the  12th  of  April,  1621,  Lady 
Berkeley  (widow  of  Sir  Maurice)  was 
admitted  into  the  Va.  Co.  of  London 
for  one  share,  and  February  13,  1622, 
five  and  a  half  more  shares  were  al- 
lowed her. 

Berkeley,  Richard,  esquire.  Of 
Stoke  ;  son  of  Henry  Berkeley  and 
his  wife  Muriel,  daughter  of  Thomas 
Throckmorton,  of  Warwick  ;  was  born 
in  1578  ;  married  in  February,  159^, 
Mary,  daughter  of  Robert  Roe, 
Esq.,  and  sister  to  Sir  Thomas 
Roe.  Richard  Berkeley  was  first 
cousin  to  the  wife  of  Sir  Thomas  Dale 
and  to  Sir  William  Throckmorton 
(see  Throckmorton  pedigree),  with 
whom,  together  with  George  Thorpe 
and  John  Smythe  of  Nibley,  he  en- 
tered into  an  agreement  to  form  a 
plantation  in  Virginia,  on  February  3, 
161 1  ;  which  ])lantation  was  after- 
wards named  lor  him,  "the  towne 
and  hundred  of  Berkley."  He  was 
probably  retaining  his  interest  in  this 
plantation  as  late  as  August,  163.3  ; 
but  what  disposition  he  finally  made 
of  it  I  do  not  know.     He  died   May 


12,  1661.  He  had  issue  five  sons  and 
five  daughters.  His  eldest  son.  Sir 
Maurice  Berkeley,  knighted  Septem- 
ber 11,  1661,  died  in  1654,  was 
father  of  Richard,  the  father  of  John 
Syms,  the  father  of  Norborne  Berke- 
ley, Baron  de  Botetourt,  who  was 
governor  of  Virginia,  1768—70. 

Berkley,  Robert,  gent.,  3.     Sub. 

;     pd.     .        Of     Spetchley, 

County  Worcester.  Born  1584  ;  en- 
tered Middle  Temple,  1600  ;  called  to 
bar.  May  6,  1608  ;  sheriff  of  Worces- 
ter, 1613  ;  sergeant  at  law,  1627  ; 
knighted  in  1632  ;  justice  of  King's 
Bench,  October  11,  1632  ;  removed, 
1640.  Died  August  5,  1656  ;  buried 
at  Spetchley.  Probably  M.  P.  for 
Worcester,  1621-22  and  1623-24. 

Berkeley,  William,  2.    Sub. ; 

pd.  £12  10s. 

Berkshire,  Earl  of.  —  Francis  Lord 
Norris. 

Bernard,  Captain  John.  S.  I. 
Co.  Governor  of  Bermudas.  Son  of 
Thomas  Barnard,  of  Elsingham  in  Es- 
sex. 

Berresford,  Robert  (Rovrland), 

grocer,    2.      Sub.  ;    pd. ; 

sworn  to  the  freedom,  January  27, 
1607. 

Berty  —  Bertie,  Peregrine,  es- 
quire, 3.    Sub. ;  pd. .    Second 

son  of  Peregrine  Bertie,  Baron  Wil- 
loughby  de  Eresby.  Capt.  John 
Smith's  master,  with  whom  he  went 
to  France  in  1599.     He  died  in  1640. 

Biancourt.     See  Poutrincourt. 

Biard,  Father  Peter.  Born  at 
Grenoble,  Finance  in  1565  ;  died  in 
France,  1622. 

Biggs,  Captain  Walter.  The 
chronicler  of  the  voyage,  died  shortly 
after  leaving  Cartagena. 

Bill,   Mr.  ,    stationer.     Pd. 

£3.  John  Bill,  king's  printer.  Died 
in  1630,  aged  fifty-six  ;  buried  under 
a  fair  monument  in  Black  Friar's 
Church. 

Bing,  W.  Probably  Mr.  Byng  of 
Grantchester,  counselor,  of  Gray's 
Inn,  whose  servant  got  into  such  seri- 
ous trouble  in  January,  1622,  by  say- 
ing a  good  word  for  Sir  Edward  Coke. 

Lord  Coventry,  in  explaining  why 
Bing  was  not  placed  on  the  Virginia 
Commission  of  July,  1624,  wrote  that 
he  was  "  a  mere  good  fellow,  of  no  es- 
tate, who,    for  ott'cnsive    behavior    to 


BINGLEY  —  BLAND 


829 


Lord  Southampton,  had  been  com- 
mitted to  tlie  Marshalsea." 

Bingley,  John,  esquire,  2.  Sub. 
£75  ;  pd.  £125.  "  August  2,  1G04, 
grant  in  reversion  to  liiin,  of  the  office 
of  writing  tallies  in  the  receipt  of  the 
Exchequer,"  i.  e.,  teller  of  the  ex- 
chequer. He  afterwards  became  re- 
membrancer of  the  exciiequer  ;  M.  C. 
for  Va.  Co.,  ir)12. 

July  22, 1G17,  George  Gerrard  wrote 
to  Carleton  :  "  Mr.  Bingley  of  the 
Exchequer  has  married  Sir  John 
Grey's  widow,  the  mother  of  Lord 
Grey."  (Elizabeth,  daughter  of  Ed- 
ward Nevil,  Lord  Abergavenny,  widow 
of  the  Hon.  Sir  John  Grey,  and 
mother  of  Henry,  second  Lord  Grey 
of  Groby,  who  married  the  Lady  Anne 
Cecil,  and  was  created  Earl  of  Stam- 
ford, ]\Iarch  2G,  1628.)  He  must 
have  married  twice,  as  he  is  said  to 
have  "  married  a  daughter  of  Thomas 
Henshaw,  silk-man,  and  servant  to 
King  James."  He  was  knighted  at 
Theobald's,  January  10,  1618.  In 
October,  1619,  he  was  tried,  with  the 
Earl  of  Suffolk  and  his  countess,  and 
the  Lord  Keeper  Bacon,  in  his  speech 
against  the  delinquents,  compared  the 
countess  to  an  exchange  woman  who 
kept  her  shop,  while  Sir  John  Bing- 
ley, pimping  for  her,  cried,  "  What 
rf'  ye  lack  ?  "  In  November  he  was 
committed  to  the  Fleet  and  fined 
£2,000  ;  afterwards  released  on  his 
resigning  his  office,  and  on  November 
21,  1622,  he  obtained  a  pardon  of  his 
sentence  and  fine.  He  was  still  living 
in  1629.  The  date  of  his  death  is  not 
known  to  me. 

Bingley,    Sir   Richard,   3.      Sub. 

;  pd. .    Knighted  at  Otelands 

in  1611  ;  he  was  a  member  of  the  Af- 
rican Company  in  1618  ;  convoyed  a 
Dunkirk  privateer  to  Mardike  in  Sep- 
tember, 1()23. 

Biondi,  Francesco.  Born  in  Lie- 
sena,  an  island  of  Dalmatia,  in  the 
Gulf  of  Venice,  in  1572  ;  was  intro- 
duced by  Sir  Henry  Wotton,  to  the 
notice  of  King  James,  who  sent  him 
with  secret  commission  to  the  Duke 
of  Savoy,  and  afterwards  made  him 
a  gentleman  of  the  bed-chamber.  He 
was  knighted  at  Windsor,  September, 
6,  1622.  He  wrote  a  "  History  of  the 
Civil  Wars  betwixt  the  Houses  of  York 
and  Lancaster,"  "  Tlie  Banish'd  Vir- 


gin," etc.  He  died  in  1644.  His  wife, 
Mary,  was  sister  to  Theodore  de  May- 
erne,  the  king's  physician. 

Bishop.  Edward,  stationer,  2.  Sub. 
£37;   pil.  £75. 

Bishop,  George,  stationer.  Pd. 
£10.  Master  of  the  company  in  1609  ; 
"  gave  ten  poundes  a  yeare  forever 
to  be  given  unto  such  unbeneficed 
preachers  as  shall  preach  at  Paules 
Crosse."  One  of  the  printers  of  the 
works  of  Hakluyt,  Brereton,  Rosier, 
and  Pory  ;  an  alderman  of  London. 
He  died  in  1610. 

Blakemore,  Richard.     Pd.  £25. 

Bland,  Gregory,  merchant-tailor. 
Pd.  £25.  Son  of  Adam  Bland,  and 
brother  to  John  Bland.  His  daughter 
Jane  married  her  first  cousin,  Edward 
Bland,  and  emigrated  to  Virginia. 

Bland,  John  ^,  grocer.  Of  Syth 
Lane,  London,  in  the  parish  of  St. 
Antholiu's,  and  of  Plaistow  in  Es- 
sex ;  tenth  son  of  Adam  Bland  de- 
scended of  the  house  of  Gibord  in 
Westmoreland  ;  born  in  1573  ;  in- 
terested in  the  Colony  of  Virginia. 
Mr.  David  Waterhouse  transferred 
four  shares  of  land  there  to  him,  Sep- 
tember 16,  1618.  He  was  a  leading 
member  of  Sir  Edwin  Sandys'  party 
during  1620-24,  and  was  chosen  to  be 
of  the  Council  for  Va.  Co.,  June  25, 
1623.  He  was  made  free  of  the  Gro- 
cers' Company  in  1626,  and  was  also 
free  of  the  Merchant  Adventurers. 
He  died  suddenly,  April  20, 1632,  leav- 
ing a  very  large  family  and  a  very 
great  personal  estate,  and  was  buried 
in  his  vault  at  St.  Antholin's. 

Four  of  his  sons  emigrated  to  Vir- 
ginia, namely,  1.  Adam,  2.  John-,  3. 
Edward,  and  4.  Theodorick. 

1.  Adam  died  on  the  way  there  in 
164-. 

2.  John  -,  a  merchant,  trading  to 
Virginia  and  the  West  Indies,  prob- 
ably made  his  first  voyage  in  1635. 
On  March  20,  167 i,,  his  nephew  Ed- 
ward, son  of  his  brother  Edward,  con- 
veyed to  him  by  deed  8,000  acres  of 
land  called  Kymages  in  the  Parish  of 
Westover,  Charles  City  County,  Vir- 
giniii.  His  son,  Giles  Bland,  settled 
on  this  laud,  was  collector  of  lower 
James  River,  took  part  in  Bacon's 
Rebellion,  and  was  hanged  under  the 
decree  of  Berkeley's  court-martial  in 
1676.      John  2    Bland   died    in    1680, 


830 


BLAND  —  BOHUN 


leaving  Kymages  to  his  wife  and 
Thomas  Povey,  whose  daughter  Fran- 
ces was  the  widow  of  his  sou  Giles, 
aforesaid.    Tiiis  branch  is  now  extinct. 

3.  Edward  married  his  cousin  Jane, 
daughter  of  Gregory  Bland  ;  came  to 
Virginia  before  1050  and  on  the  27th 
August  in  that  year  "set  out  with 
Abraham  Wood,  Sackford  Brewster 
and  Elias  Pennant  from  Fort  Henry 
at  the  head  of  Appamattuck  River  in 
Virginia,  and  made  a  discovery  to  the 
Fals  of  Bland,  to  the  Southwestward, 
in  a  first  River  in  New  Brittaine  ivhich 
runneth  West.^^  In  1652  he  published 
an  account  of  this  discovery  which  he 
dedicated  to  Sir  John  Danvers.  He 
died  in  1G53,  leaving  an  only  son,  Ed- 
ward, and  was  buried  at  Kymages. 
His  only  grandson,  John,  never  mar- 
ried. The  News  and  Hortons  descend 
from  his  only  granddaughter,  Sarah 
Bland,  who  married,  first,  Edward 
New,  and,  secondly,  Alexander  Horton. 

4.  Theodorick,  the  fourth  son  of 
John  1  Bland  the  elder  to  come  to 
Virginia,  was  his  fifteenth  child  ;  bap- 
tized at  St.  Antholin's,  January  16, 
l^io  '■>  "^^^  fi-vsi  a  merchant  witli  his 
brother  Edward  at  St.  Luca  in  Spain  ; 
then  in  the  Canary  Islands,  and  shortly 
after  his  brother's  death  in  1653,  he 
came  to  \'irginia.  Purchased  "  Ber- 
keley "  and  "  Westover  ;  "  was  speak- 
er of  the  House  of  Burgesses  ;  mem- 
ber of  the  council,  "  and  was  both  in 
fortune  and  in  understanding  inferior 
to  no  person  of  his  time  in  the  coun- 
try." He  lies  buried  at  Westover. 
His  descendants  have  been  numerous, 
and  many  of  them  distinguished,  both 
in  the  male  and  female  lines. 

Bludder,  Sir  Thomas,  2.  Sub. 
;  pd.  £25.  Of  Sir  Thomas  Blud- 
der and  Company,  merchants  of  Lon- 
don, patentees  for  the  ^jreemption 
and  exportation  of  tin  ;  victualers  of 
the  navy  ;  farmers  of  the  imposition 
for  sea-coals,  etc.  He  was  knighted 
at  Chatham,  July  4, 1604,  as  of  Essex  ; 
died  in  1G18  ;  buried  at  Ryegate  in 
Surrey. 

Blunt  —  Blount,  John,  grocer. 
Sub. ;  pd.  £25.  Sworn  to  free- 
dom, August  13,  1600  ;  still  found  on 
the  books  as  paying  brotherhood  money 
in  1612. 

Blunt,  Ned  (Edward).     Sub. ; 

Pd.  £12  10s.     I  suppose  this  was  Ed- 


ward Blunt,  the  stationer  and  trans- 
lator ;  admitted  a  freeman  of  the  Sta- 
tioners' Company,  June  25,  1588.  In 
1623  he  was  one  of  the  printers  of  the 
great  First  Folio  of  Sliakespeare  ;  mar- 
ried, before  December,  1623,  Eliza- 
beth, widow  of  Richard  Bankworth  ; 
died  after  1632. 

Blunt,  Richard.     Pd.  £12  10s. 

Bohun  —  Boone,  Dr.  Lawrence. 

3.     Sub. ;  pd. .     "  Docktor  in 

phisick."  "  A  long  time  brought  up 
amongst  the  most  learned  Surgeons 
and  Physitions  in  the  Netherlands  ;  " 
came  to  Virginia  with  Lord  De  la 
Warr  in  1610.  June  7,  1619,  he  con- 
signed to  Richard  Boothby,  Dr. 
Thomas  Winston,  Hugh  Windham, 
John  Tucker,  and  John  Strange,  one 
share  eacli  in  Virginia.  Prior  to  Feb- 
ruary 2,  1620,  "  Doctor  Bohnne,  James 
Swifte  and  their  Associates,  were 
granted  patents  "  for  the  transportation 
of  300  persons  to  Virginia.  He  was 
one  of  the  "  ancient  adventurers  "  who 
petitioned  "  to  have  some  man  of 
qualitye  sent  governor  unto  Virgiuia." 
December  13,  1620,  he  was  appointed 
a  "  Phisition  Generall  for  the  Colony, 
unto  which  place  they  had  allotted  five 
hundred  acres  of  Land  and  twenty 
Tenants  to  be  placed  theruppon  att 
the  Companies'  charge."  And  soon 
after  he  sailed  from  England  in  the 
Margaret  and  John,  Captain  Chester. 
In  the  latter  part  of  March,  1621,  this 
vessel  had  a  severe  battle  with  two 
Spanish  men-of-war  in  the  West  In- 
dies, in  which  action  Dr.  Bohnn  was 
killed.  Seeing  that  he  was  mortally 
wounded.  Captain  Chester  embraced 
him,  "  and  thus  recomforted  him,  say- 
ing, 0  Doctor  Bohnne  what  a  disaster  is 
this  •  the  Noble  Doctor  no  whit  exan- 
imated  replyed.  Fight  it  out,  brave  man, 
the  cause  is  good,  and  Lord  receive  my 
soule." 

The  Spaniards  had  been  constantly 
on  the  lookout,  in  the  West  Indies,  for 
the  vessels  of  the  Virginian  adven- 
turers ;  but  after  the  taking  of  the 
first  vessel  (Captain  Challings),  the 
English  captains  in  some  way  eluded 
them.  The  sea-fight  of  the  Mar- 
garet and  John  caused  much  excite- 
ment, and  two  accounts  were  pub- 
lish(>d,  one  at  Amsterdam,  the  other 
at  London.  The  following  is  the  title 
of  the  latter  :  "  A  True  Relation  of  a 


IR  JOHN   SCOTT 


BOLLS  —  BURROUGHS 


831 


Wonderfiill  Sea  Fiq;lit  betweene  two 
jjrc.at  and  well  appointed  Spanish  Ships 
or  Men  of  Wane.  And  A  small  and 
not  very  well  provided  Ennlish  Ship, 
.  .  .  The  Margaret  and  Jolin,  or  Tlie 
Black  Hodge.  London,  Printed  for  N. 
B.  1G21."  Smith's  History,  pp.  128- 
130,  and  Purchas,  iv.  p.  1780,  give 
abstracts  from  this  Relation. 

Bolls  —  Booles  —  Bolles  — 
Bo'wles,  George,  esquire,  grocer,  2. 

Sub. ;  pd.  £37  10s.     Born  about 

1538 ;  is  found  on  the  Grocers'  books  as 
paying  brotherhood  money  in  1577  ; 
was  a  "  retailing  grocer  "  ;  a  member 
of  the  Rus.  Co.  ;  was  admitted  on  the 
Court  of  Assistants  of  the  Grocers, 
and  assessed  at  £30  as  his  share  of 
£1,700  contributed  by  the  Grocers  to 
the  loan  levied  on  the  city  by  Queen 
Elizabeth  in  1598  ;  was  junior  warden 
of  the  Grocers  and  an  adventurer  in 
the  East  India  voyage  in  1599  ;  an  in- 
corporator of  the  E.  I.  Co.  in  1600. 
In  1603  he  was  executor  of  the  last 
will  and  testament  of  the  Right  Wor- 
shipful Sir  John  Hart,  whose  eldest 
daughter,  Joan  Hart,  he  had  married 
in  1590  ;  senior  warden  of  the  Gro- 
cers in  1606  ;  sheriff  of  London  in 
1608 ;  was  long  an  alderman  from 
Walbrooke  ward  ;  an  incorporator  of 
the  N.  W.  P.  Co.  in  1612  ;  Lord 
Mayor  of  London,  1617-18  ;  knighted 
at  Greenwich,  May  31,  1618  ;  died 
September  1,  1621,  and  was  buried  in 
the  family  vault  in  St.  Swithin's,  Lon- 
don. 

"  His  Charity  was  better  felt  than  knowne, 
For  when  lie  gave,  there  was  no  Trumpet  blowne. 
What  more  can  be  compriz'd  in  one  Man's  Fame, 
To  crown  a  soule,  and  leave  a  living  Name  ?  " 

Bond,  Martin,  haberdasher,  2. 
Sub. ;  pd.  £12  10s.  Son  of  Wil- 
liam Bond,  "  the  flower  of  the  mer- 
chants," an  alderman  of  London,  and 
merchant  adventurer,  most  famous  in 
his  age  for  his  great  adventures  both 
by  sea  and  laud.  Martin  Bond  was 
born  in  1558  ;  captain  of  the  Train 
Band  of  London  at  Tilbury  Camp, 
1588  ;  M.  P.  for  London,  1624-25,  and 
1625;  buried  May  11,  1643,  in  St. 
Helen's  Church,  Hishopsgate.  He  was 
treasurer  of  St.   Bartholomew's  Hos- 


pital, 1619-163G,  and  his  portrait  is 
still  preserved  in  the  hospital ;  a  mer- 
chant adventurer;  a  benefactor  of  the 
Haberdashers'  Company,  and  the 
chief  captain  of  the  trained  bands  of 
London  from  1588  to  his  death  ;  also 
in  the  artillery. 

Bond,  Thomas,  esquire.    Sub. ; 

pd.  £37  10s.  Son  of  William  Bond, 
Esq.,  of  Hoi  wood  in  Cornwall  ;  was 
M.  P.  for  Launceston,  1521-22,  for 
Southampton,  1624-25,  and  for  Bos- 
siney,  1640,  till  unseated  on  petition. 

Bond,  Sir  William,  of  Highgate, 
Middlesex.  Kuiglited  July  23,  1603  ; 
son  of  Sir  George  Bond,  Lord  Mayor, 
1587. 

Bonham,  "William,  vintner,  2. 
Sub.  £37  10s.  ;  pd.  £120.  Son  of 
Thomas  Bonham,  of  Stanway  Hall  in 
Essex  ;  a  prominent  citizen  of  Lon- 
don ;  a  member  of  the  N.  W.  P.  Co. 
and  a  director  of  the  E.  I.  Co. 

Borlace  (Burlacie,  etc.).  Sir  John, 
2.  Sub. ;  pd. .  "  Bred  a  sol- 
dier in  the  wars  of  the  Low  Countries, 
where  he  served  with  distinction  be- 
fore the  truce  of  1608  ;"  knighted  at 
Greenwich,  June  19,  1606  ;  an  officer 
of  the  Tower  :  married,  October  1, 
1610,  Alice  Ravis,  widow  (probably  of 
Thomas  Ravis,  Bishop  of  London,  who 
died  in  1609)  ;  served  in  Sir  Horace 
Vere's  expedition  to  the  Palatinate  in 
1620,  and  was  one  of  the  commanders 
of  the  6,000  who  were  serving  in  the 
United  Provinces  in  1626.  He  was 
master  of  the  ordnance  in  Ireland, 
1634-49  ;  lord  justice,  Ireland,  1640- 
44  ;  died  early  in  1649.  He  was  the 
father  of  Dr.  Ednmnd  Borlase,  the 
historian. 

Borough  —  Burroughs  —  Bur- 
rovres  — -  Borovv/^gh  —  Brough  — 
Burgh.  Burgh,  Sir  John.  The  third 
son  of  William,  fourth  Lord  Burgh. 
He  was  born  in  1562  ;  went  to  the 
Netherlands  with  Leicester  in  1585  ; 
was  governor  of  Doesburg  ;  knighted 
by  Leicester  in  1586,  and  by  Henry 
IV.  of  France  on  the  field  of  Ivry 
in  1589  ;  "  admiral  of  England,  re- 
nowned for  his  exploits  by  sea  and 
land  ;  "  killed  in  a  duel,  it  seems,  with 
John  Gilbert,  March  7,  1593-94,  and 
was  buried  in  Westminster  Abbey. 

Burroughs,  William,  "  navigator 
and  author."  Born  in  1536  ;  a  young- 
er brother  of  Stephen  Borowgh,  with 


832 


BOTELER  —  BRERETON 


whom  he  sailed  in  the  voyages  to  Rus- 
sia of  1553,  1556,  and  1557.  He  con- 
tinued to  make  these  voyages  for  many 
vears  after  ;  made  a  map  of  Russia, 
1574-75;  published  his  "  Discourse  of 
the  Variation  of  the  Compass  "  in  1581 ; 
was  comptroller  of  the  navy,  1583; 
commanded  the  fleet  which  took  the 
Earl  of  Leicester  to  Flushing  in  1585; 
with  Drake  in  the  expedition  to  Cadiz, 
1587;  commanded  a  ship  in  the  Ar- 
mada fight,  1588;  died  in  1599. 

Boteler.     See  Butler. 

Boulstrode    —    Bulstrode,     Sir 

William,    3.     Sub.    £25  ;    pd. . 

Knighted  at  Dublin  in  1599;  M.  P. 
for  Rutland,  lGOl-11,  1621-22,  1624- 
25,  1625,  1626,  and  1628-29. 

Bourchier,  Sir  John,  3.  Sub. 
£37  10s.;  pd.  £37  10s.  Knighted  at 
Whitehall,  June  2,  1609,  as  of  York. 
"  In  1619  Capt.  Nath'  Butler  brought 
S'  John  Bourchier  a  letter  from  his 
daughter  Mrs.  Whittakers  in  Virginia, 
which  letter  was  said  to  have  been  a 
forgery."  (See  "  Discourse  of  the  Old 
Company  of  Virginia,"  1625.)  He  was 
of  the  King's  Council  for  New  Eng- 
land in  1620;  patented  lands  in  Vir- 
ginia in  1621;  M.  P.  for  Hull,  1614. 
Entered  Gray's  Inn,  1584.  Uncle  to 
the  regicide  of  the  same  name. 

Bourchier,  Williain,  Earl  of  Bath. 
Succeeded  on  the  death  of  his  grand- 
father in  1560  as  fifth  baron  and  third 
Earl  of  Bath  ;  was  in  the  expedition, 
1585-86,  to  the  Netherlands  in  aid  of 
the  Dutch,  under  Robert,  Earl  of 
Leicester ;  M.  C.  for  Va.  Co.,  1612-20; 
of  the  King's  Council  for  the  N.  E. 
Co.,  November  3,  1620  ;  died  July  12, 
1623. 

Bourke  —  Burke,  Richard,  Earl 

of  Clanricarde,  3.    Sub. ;  pd.  £20. 

Knighted  at  Tyrone's  overthrow  at 
Kinsale,  December  24,  1601,  and  was 
surnamed  of  Kinsale  from  the  valor 
he  had  displayed  against  the  rebels 
there  ;  succeeded  on  the  death  of  his 
father  in  1601  as  fourth  earl;  married 
in  1603  Frances,  dangliter  of  Sir  Fran- 
cis Walsingham,  and  widow  of  Sir 
Philip  Sydney  and  of  Robert,  Earl  of 
Essex ;  lord  president  of  Munster, 
and  one  of  the  councilors  of  state  in 
Ireland  ;  created  an  English  peer, 
April  3,  1624,  by  the  titles  of  Baron 
Somerhill  and  Viscount  Tunbridge, 
County    Kent,  and  August  23,   1628, 


advanced  to  the  earldom  of  St.  Al- 
bans ;  died  in  1635-36. 

Bourne  —  Borne  —  Bone,  David, 
2.  Sub. ;  pd.  £25.  Of  the  E.  I.  Co. 

Bourne,  Nicholas,  stationer.  (See 
Butter.)  May  23,  1622,  Nicholas 
Bourne  and  Thomas  Archer  issued 
the  first  extant  copy  of  "  The  Weekly 
Newes  from  Italy,  Germanie,"  etc. 

Bourne,  Reuben,  3.      Sub. ; 

pd.  £37  10s. 

Bowyer,  Sir  Edmund,  3.  Sub. 
£37  10s.;  pd.  £37  10s.  Knighted  at 
Charterhouse,  May  11,  1603;  M.  P. 
for  Surrey,  1604-11,  1614,  and  for 
Gatton,  1624-25.  He  was  of  Camber- 
well,  Surrey. 

Bowyer,  Robert,  esquire,  2.     Sub. 

;  pd.  £2.5.     I  think  this  was  the 

keeper  of  the  records  in  the  Tower  ; 
afterwards  clerk  of  the  Parliament. 
He  was  M.  P.  for  Steyning,  1601; 
died  in  1634. 

Bowyer,  Robert,  grocer.  I  hink 
this  was  the  second  son  of  Francis 
Bowyer,  sheriff  of  London  in  1578, 
and  the  Robert  Bowyer  who  died 
April  2,  1626. 

Brackley,  Viscount.  —  Thomas 
Egerton. 

Brand     (or     Brond)     Benjamin, 

esquire,      3.        Sub. ;     pd. . 

Probably  the  son  of  John  Brond,  of 
Boxford  in  Suffolk,  by  his  second  wife. 

Brath^waite,  R.,  a  prolific  poet  and 
writer,  was  of  a  Westmoreland  fam- 
ily; born  about  1588:  died  in  1673. 
The  most  famous  of  his  numerous 
works,  "Barnaba?  Itiuerarium,  or 
Barnabee's  Journal,"  was  first  pub- 
lished in  1638.  "  The  Smoaking  Age, 
or  the  Man  in  the  Mist,  with  the  life 
and  death  of  Tobacco,"  was  first  pub- 
lished in  1617. 

Brearley  — Bryerley,  James,  fish- 
monger, 2.     Sub. ;  pd.   £87  10s. 

Of  E.  I.  Co. 

Brereton  (see  Bretton  and  Britton), 
John,  was  admitted  sizar  at  Cains 
College,  Cambridge,  1587,  and  was 
B.  A.,  1592-93;  went  to  our  New  Eng- 
land coast  with  Ciosnold  in  1602,  and 
published  a  "  Briefe  Relation  ' '  of  the 
voyage.  The  following  items  may 
refer  to  him  :  "  Westminster,  July 
18,  1611.  Grant  to  John  Brereton  of 
Barrow,  Co.  Chester,  of  pardon  for  life 
only,  for  manslaughter." 

"  Sept.  13,  1613.     Letter  from  Sir 


BRET  —  BROOKE 


833 


Thomas  Smythe  to  M'  Robert  Whit- 
bee,  mayor  of  the  city  of  Chester.  In 
behalf  of  the  letter's  bearer,  John 
Brercton,  who  is  desirous  to  become  a 
citizen  in  Chester  anil  to  keep  an  Inn 
there."  Symthe  commends  him  to  the 
mayor's  kindly  consideration. 

Bret,  Thomas,  fishmonger.  Pd. 
£_'5. 

Bretton  —  Britton  —  Brereton, 

John,  3.     Sub. ;  pd. .      J'his 

may  be  John  Brereton,  who  went  to 
the  New  England  coast  in  1G02. 

Bretton,  Thomas,  2.     Sub. ; 

pd.  £37  10s. 

Brewsey.     See  Prusey. 

Brewster,  Captain  IJd'ward,  son 

of  William,  2.     Sub. ;  pd.   £30. 

"  Son  of  W^illiam  Brewster,"  in  char- 
ter of  May,  1609  ;  came  to  Virginia 
with  Lord  De  la  Warr  in  1010  ;  had 
trouble  with  Governor  Argall  in  1618, 
and  returned  to  England  ;  June  7, 
1619,  he  transferred  one  share  in  Vii'- 
ginia  to  William  Cranmer  ;  Novem- 
ber 13,  1620,  he  transferred  four 
shares  to  Sir  Francis  Wyatt,  and  there 
still  remained  to  his  credit  on  the 
books  of  the  company  the  sura  of  £30. 
In  1616,  and  after,  there  was  a  printer 
of  the  same  name  in  London,  but  this 
was  not  Captain  Edward.  Did  he  go 
to  New  England  ? 

Brewster,  William,  2.    Sub. ; 

pd.  £20,  Was  this  the  Pilgrim  Fa- 
ther ? 

Bridges,   John,    Lord    Bishop    of 

Oxenford,    3.      Sub. ;    pd.  . 

The  controversialist  ;  B.  A.,  Cam- 
bridge, in  1556  ;  Dean  of  Salisbury, 
1577  ;  Bishop  of  Oxford,  1604.  Died 
1618,  at  a  great  age. 

Briggs,  Henry,  mathematician. 
Born  at  Warley  Woods,  in  the  parish 
of  Halifax,  Yorkshire,  in  February, 
1561  ;  educated  at  Cambridge  ;  M.  A. 
in  1585  ;  professor  of  geometry  in 
Gresham  College,  1596-1620  ;  mem- 
ber of  N.  W.  P.  Co.  in  1612  ;  he  pro- 
moted the  use  of  logarithms,  first  ex- 
plained by  Lord  Napier  in  1614,  and 
made  a  journey  to  Edinburgh  in  1616, 
on  purpose  to  confer  with  the  discov- 
ei'er.  The  Earl  of  Warwick  passed  a 
share  in  Harington  Tribe,  Bermudas 
Islands,  to  him  in  1619.  He  was  pro- 
fessor of  astronomy  at  Oxford  from 
1619  to  his  death,  I  suppose,  in  1631. 
To  "  A   Declaration   of   the   State  of 


the  Colony  and  Affaires  in  Virginia," 
published  by  Edward  Waterhouse  in 
1622,  there  is  "  A  Treatise  annexed, 
written  by  that  learned  mathematician, 
Mr.  Henry  liriggs,  of  the  Northwest 
Passage  to  tlie  South  Sea,  through  the 
Continent  of  Virginia,  and  by  Fretum 
Hudson."  On  page  9,  Waterhouse, 
referring  to  this  treatise,  says,  "  which 
I  having  happily  attained  unto,  have 
published  for  the  common  good."  It 
occupies  pp.  45-50,  and  is  signed  "  H. 
B."  He  was  a  promoter  of  the  voy- 
age of  N.  W.  Fox,  but  did  not  live  to 
see  its  departure.  He  died  January 
26,  1631.  Fox  sailed  in  1631,  and 
named  a  group  of  islands  in  Hudson's 
Bay,  "  Brigges,  his  Mathematickes." 

Bristol,  Earl  of.  —  John  Digby. 

Britton.     See  Bretton. 

Brochero,  Don  Diego.  Of  the 
Spanish  •■'  Council  of  ^^'arre."  A  cele- 
brated Spanish  admiral. 

Brocket,  Thomas,  gent.,  2.  Sub. 
;  pd.  £25. 

Bromfield,    Arthur.      Sub.   ; 

pd.  £25.  M.  P.  for  Yarmouth,  Isle 
of  Wight,  1604-11,  1614,  and  1621-22. 
'     Brooke,  Lord.  —  Fulke  Greville. 

Brooke  —  Brookes,    Sir    Calis- 

theues,  2.    Sub.  ;  pd. .    Of 

Kent  ;  knighted  in  the  Glynes,  Ire- 
land, May  8,  1597  ;  he  was  discharged 
by  Sir  Francis  Vere,  before  Ostend, 
in  Februar3',  1601.  January  21, 1609, 
Ann  Lady  Cobham  writes  to  Salisbury, 
"  soliciting  a  pension  for  her  son,  Calis- 
thenes  Brooke,  wounded  in  serving 
against  the  rebels  in  the  Irish  wars." 
Chamberlain  to  Carleton,  from  the 
Hague,  October  5,  1611  :  "Sir  Calli- 
phenes  Brook  died  here  lately,  leaving 
his  wife  in  very  poor  estate,  for  they 
say  he  was  seven  or  eight  hundred 
pounds  worse  than  naught." 

Brooke,  Christopher,  esquire,  2. 
Sub.  £37  10s.  ;  pd.  £50.  A  barrister 
of  Lincoln's  Inn,  and  a  poet  ;  was  the 
son  of  Robert  Brooke,  alderman,  and 
twice  Lord  Mayor  of  York,  by  Jane, 
daughter  of  Christopher  Maltby  (al- 
derman of  York).  "  He  was  the 
chamber  fellow  at  Lincoln's  Inn,  and 
the  bosom  friend  of  the  celebrated  Dr. 
John  Donne,  and  aided  him  in  1600,  in 
his  clandestine  marriage  with  Anne, 
daughter  of  Sir  George  JNIoore.  The 
indignant  father-in-law  is  said  to  have 
sent  the   groom  and  his  two  friends, 


834 


BROOKE  —  BRYDGES 


Christopher  and  Samuel  Brook,  to 
prison."  M.  P.  for  the  City  of  York  in 
1604-lGll  ;  M.  C.  for  Ya.  Co.,  May 
25,  1609. 

In  1613  he  published  "  An  Elegy  on 
the  Death  of  Henry,  Prince  of  Wales." 
He  was  the  author  of  several  "  Eg- 
logues,  Elegys,"  etc.  ;  M.  P.  for 
York  City  in  1614,  when  the  Virginia 
business  came  before  the  House,  and 
took  part  in  the  debate  thereon  ;  after- 
wards consulted  as  an  attorney  by  the 
Va.  Co.  of  Loudon  ;  was  one  of  a  com- 
mittee to  represent  that  company  be- 
fore the  king  in  1620  ;  continued  an 
active  member  of  the  comjjany  ;  M.  P. 
for  York  City  again  in  1624-25,  1625, 
and  1626  ;  buried  at  St.  Andrew's, 
Holborn,  February  7,  1627-28.  He 
married,  December  18,  1619,  Mary 
Jacob.  His  wife  died  before  him, 
leaving  an  only  son,  John.  (Capt. 
Christopher  Brooks  of  Virginia  was 
one  of  the  godfathers  of  George 
Washington.) 

Brooke,  Henry,  Lord  Cobham. 
Eldest  sou  of  William,  seventh  Lord 
Cobham,  whom  he  succeeded  as  eighth 
lord,  March  6,  1597  ;  was  Lord  AVar- 
den  of  the  Cinque  Ports,  and  governor 
of  Dover  Castle,  1597  ;  Knight  of  the 
Garter,  1599  ;  he  w^as  an  enemy  to 
Essex,  and  was  one  of  the  objects  of 
the  Essex  plot  of  February,  1601  ;  a 
friend  of  Ralegh's  ;  aided  in  sending 
Gosnold  to  our  New  England  coast,  in 
the  voyage  of  March  26,  to  July  1:3, 
1602  ;  was  implicated  in  the  plot 
against  James  I.  in  1603  ;  a  witness 
against  Ralegh  ;  was  condemned  to 
die,  but  his  life  was  spared.  His 
estates  and  honors  w^ere  forfeited,  and 
he  remained  in  the  Tower  until  1617, 
when  he  was  allowed  to  go  to  Bath 
for  his  health.  He  died  January  24, 
1()19.  The  king  allowed  liim  a  pen- 
sion of  about  £500  per  annum.  He 
was  not  concerned  in  "  The  Bve  Plot  " 
of  160.3,  in  behalf  of  the  Catholics, 
but  in  "The  Main  Plot,"  "to  place 
Arabella  Stuart  on  the  tlirone,  and  to 
kill  '  the  king  and  liis  cubs.'  " 

Brooke,  Sir  John,  2.     Sub. ; 

pd.  .     Long  interested  in  foreign 

commercial  affairs.  The  E.  I.  Co. 
thought  of  sending  him  to  the  East 
Indies  in  1614,  but  decided  to  send 
Sir  Thomas  Roe.  Was  M.  P.  for  Gat- 
ton  in  1614  ;  one  of  the  King's  Council 


for  New  England,  and  a  patentee  of 
lands  in  Virginia  in  1620  ;  retained  his 
interest  in  the  Va.  Co. ;  M.  P.  for  Bod- 
min, 1625  ;  on  the  commission  for  the 
better  plantation  of  Virginia,  and  a 
patron  of  Luke  Fox  in  his  northwe.>-t 
voyage  in  1631. 

Brooke,  Richard  2.     Sub.  ; 

pd.  £50.     Of  the  E.  I.  Co. 

Brooker,  Hugh,  esquire,  2.     Sub. 

;  pd.  £50.      Prothonotary  of  the 

Common  Pleas.  "  He  lyeth  buried  in 
Saint  Saviour's  Church,  in  the  North 
He,  by  the  Quire.  He  gave  unto  the 
Free  school  £5  per  annum  forever, 
and  likewise  unto  the  Poor  of  the 
same  parish  £5  per  annum  forever." 
(Strype.) 

Brough,  Captain  John.  Sub. ; 

pd.  £25.  I  believe  this  to  be  the  Sir 
John  Brough  (or  Borough)  who  was 
killed  at  the  Isle  of  Rd  in  1627,  aged 
forty-one. 

Brown,  John,  merchant  -  tailor. 
Pd.  £26. 

Brovrn,  Richard.  "  He  was  slain 
about  1577,  in  The  Elizabeth  of  Mr. 
Cockin's,  of  London." 

Brow^n,  ■William,  cordwayner,  2. 
Sub.  ;  pd.  £12  10s. 

Brown,  Sir  William,  2.  Sub. 
;  pd. .  Only  son  of  Nicho- 
las Browne  by  Eleanor,  daughter  of 
Ralph  Shirley  ;  was  born  in  1558  ;  one 
of  the  Low  Country  captains  ;  taken 
prisoner  at  Gravelines.  "  Sir  Philip 
Sydney  was  his  particular  friend  and 
patron,  and  the  valiant  brethren.  Sir 
Francis  and  Sir  Horace  Vere,  wlio 
had  probably  been  trained  to  tlie  mili- 
tary profession  under  his  care,  always 
styled  him  '  Father.'  "  (Lodge.)  Ap- 
pointed lieutenant-governor  of  Flush- 
ing towards  the  end  of  the  reign  of 
Elizabeth. 

Brownrig,  Matthew,  skinner. 
Pd.  £66.  Of  E.  1.  and  N.  W.  P. 
companies. 

Brundenel,     Edmund,     2.      Sub. 

;  pd.  £25.     Of  Stoke  Mandwill, 

County  Bucks  ;  March  27,  1622,  he 
transferred  his  two  shares  in  Virginia 
to  his  son  Francis.  In  1623  he  was  a 
member  of  the  New  England  Council. 

Brydges,  Grey,  Lord  Chandos,  2. 
Sul).  —  ;  pd.  £50.  Born  about 
1579  ;  was  tlie  son  of  William,  the 
fourth  lord,  by  his  wife  ]\Iary,  daugh- 
ter of   Sir  Owen   Hopton,  lieutenant 


BRYDGES  —  BULKELEY 


835 


of  the  Tower  ;  was  implicated  in  the 
Essex  rising  of  February  8,  1(301,  and 
sent  to  the  Fleet  prison,  bnt  was  soon 
released  ;  he  succeeded  his  father  in 
the  barony,  November  18,  1GU2. 
Chamberlain  writes  to  Carleton  on 
March  30,  1G03,  that  "  the  Lord 
Chandos,  who  had  secretly  married 
the  Lady  Strange,  did  now  publish  his 
marriage,  and  made  no  more  dainty." 
The  Lady  Strange  was  Anne  Stanley, 
daughter  of  Ferdinando,  fifth  Earl  of 
Derby,  and  great-granddaughter  of 
the  Princess  Mary  Tudor  by  her  hus- 
band, Charles  Brandon,  Duke  of  Suf- 
folk. He  was  made  a  Knight  of  the 
Bath  at  the  creation  of  Cliarles  Duke 
of  York  (afterwards  King  Charles  I.), 
January  G,  1G05  ;  M.  A.,  Oxford, 
August  30,  1G05  ;  M.  C.  for  Va.  Co., 
1G09  ;  served  at  Juliers  in  1610  ;  ap- 
pointed to  receive  and  introduce  the 
Muscovite  ambassadors,  November  8, 
1617.  Died  at  the  Spa,  August  10, 
1621,  and  was  buried  at  Sudeley. 
Collins  says  he  had  so  great  an  in- 
terest in  Gloucestershire  that  he  was 
commonly  called  "  The  King  of  Cots- 
would." 

Buck,    Rev.    Richard,    3.      Sub. 

;  pd. .     Rev.    William  Cra- 

shaw  says  he  was  "  an  able  and  pain- 
full preacher,  of  whom  I  can  say  the 
lesse,  because  he  was  of  Oxford,  and 
unknown  to  me  ;  but  of  whom  I  have 
heard  Sir  Thomas  Gates  give  a  good 
and  wortiiie  testimonie  ;  and  he  came 
to  the  Counsell  and  this  imployment 
with  the  commendation  of  a  Right 
Reverend  Prelate,  Dr.  Ravis,  Lord 
Bishop  of  London." 

He  sailed  from  England  in  June, 
1609  ;  wrecked  on  tlie  Bermudas  in 
July  ;  christened  John  Rolfe's  child 
there,  February  11,  1610  ;  reached 
Virginia  in  Ma}',  1610  ;  became  the 
minister  at  Jamestown  ;  married  in 
Virginia  ;  his  first  child,  Mara,  born 
in  1612  ;  married  John  Rolfe  to  Poc- 
ahontas, at  Jamestown,  April  5,  1614. 
In  1616  Rolfe  writes  that  he  was  "  a 
vei'ie  good  preacher."  In  1616  or 
1617  a  child  was  born  to  him,  called 
Benoni,  who  was  "  the  first  idiot  born 
in  that  plantation."  During  Argall's 
government  (1617-19)  a  new  church 
was  built  for  him  at  Jamestown, 
"  wholly  at  the  charge  of  tlie  inhab- 
itants of  that  cittie,  of  Timber,  being 


fifty  foote  in  length  and  twenty  foot 
in  breadth."  And  in  the  Quire  of 
this  church,  the  first  General  Assem- 
bly of  English  Representatives  "  con- 
vented  "  in  America,  met  on  Friday, 
July  30,  1(519.  And  "  forasmuche  as 
men's  affaires  doe  little  prosper  where 
God's  service  is  neglected,  all  the 
Burgesses  stood  in  their  i)laces,  un- 
till  a  prayer  was  said  by  Mr.  Bucke, 
that  it  would  please  God  to  guide 
and  sanctitie  all  our  proceedings  to 
his  owne  glory  and  to  the  good  of 
the  Plantation." 

March  10,  1621,  he  was  one  of  the 
witnesses  to  John  Rolfe's  will.  His 
wife  and  himself  both  died  before 
February,  162-4.  They  left  four  chil- 
dreu  in  the  care  of  guardians,  a  cer- 
tain number  of  cattle,  750  acres 
planted,  and  100  acres  of  glebe  land, 
all  by  patent,  and  all  in  the  Corjjora- 
tion  of  rJames  cittie." 

Buckhurst,  Lord.     See  Sackville. 

Bullion,  Duke  de.  Henri  de  la 
Tour  d'Auvergne,  Duke  of  Bouillon. 
Born  1555  ;  declared  for  King  of  Na- 
varre, 1576  ;  Marshal  of  France,  1592  ; 
ambassador  to  England,  1612.  Died 
March  25,  1623. 

Buisseaux  —  Bisseaux,  Mon- 
sieur de.  Ambassador  from  France 
to  the  Court  of  Loudon.  On  May  14, 
1617,  Ralegh  wrote  from  Plymouth  to 
"  M.  de  Bisseaux,  member  of  the 
Council  of  State  of  France." 

Bulkeley  (Buckley),  Sir  Rich- 
ard. Eldest  son  of  Sir  Rieiiard  Bal- 
keley,  of  Cheadle  and  Beaumaris. 
Was  born  in  1533  ;  sheriff  of  Angle- 
sey, 1570  ;  M.  P.  for  Anglesev,  1571, 
1604-11,  and  1614;  knighted  ait  White- 
hall, November  6,  16()4.  He  was  of 
the  Council  for  Wales,  1617  ;  was 
admitted  to  the  Va.  Co.  of  London, 
January  29,  1621  ;  bnt,  I  am  quite 
sure,  had  been  interested  in  the  colony 
at  a  much  earlier  date.  He  patented 
lands  in  Virginia.  "  Died  on  '.'8  June, 
1()21,  at  the  advanced  age  of  eighty- 
eight.  Possessing  great  wealth,  he 
made  use  of  it  in  the  encouragement 
of  foreign  commerce,"  etc.  His  sec- 
ond son  by  his  second  wife,  Thomas, 
afterwards  created  Viscount  Bulkeley, 
succeeded  to  his  shares  in  Virginia  on 
the  13th  of  February,  1G22.  Sir  Rich- 
ard's youngest  daugiiter,  Katherine, 
married  Sir  Edwvn  ijaudvs. 


836 


BULL  —  BUTLER 


BuU.     See  Ball. 

Bullock,    John,    esquire,   2.     Sub. 

;  pd.  £25.    Of  Darley  and  Norton, 

County  Derby,  and  of  the  Inner  Tem- 
ple. Born  in  1578  ;  married  in  1608 
Katberine,  daughter  of  Thomas  Fan- 
shawe,  Esq.,  and  his  second  wife,  Joan 
Smythe  (see  pedigree). 

Burbage,  Richard,  the  actor.  Son 
of  James  Burbage,  actor  and  theatri- 
cal manager,  by  his  wife,  Ellen  Brayue, 
was  born  about  15(37  ;  died  March  13, 
1619.  In  the  Visitation  of  London, 
1633,  he  is  styled  "  the  famous  actor 
on  the  stage."  His  name  was  fre- 
quently associated  with  Shakespeare's 
by  writers  of  their  day. 

Burghley,  Lord.  —  William  Cecil. 

Burgoyue,    Peter,   2.     Sub. ; 

pd.  £25. 

Burgoyne,  Robert,  2.     Sub. ; 

pd.  £12  10s. 

Burgoyne,  Thomas,  2.     Sub. ; 

pd.  £12  10s.  Possibly  these  were 
descendants  of  Nicholas  de  Burgoyne, 
the  Huguenot,  who  lived  some  years 
in  Florida,  and  was  carried  thence  to 
England  by  Drake  in  1586. 

Burley,   Rev    Francis,    2.      Sub. 

;  pd.  £25.     Doctor  of  Divinity  ; 

fellow  of  Chelsea  College  ;  translator 
of  King  James'  Bible,  etc. 

Burnham,  Samuel,  2.     Sub. ; 

pd.  £12  10s. 

Burrell  —  ButTvell,  Ninian.  Pd. 
£12  10s.  Of  Cuckfield,  County  Sus- 
sex. 

Burrell  —  Burwell,  William,  3. 
Sub.  £37  10s.;  pd.  £37  10s.  The  son 
of  John  Burrell,  twice  master  of  the 
Trinity  House.  He  lived  at  Stepney. 
In  January,  1612,  made  a  proposition 
to  Henry  Prince  of  Wales  for  building 
ships  in  Ireland;  a  member  of  the  E. 
I.  and  N.  W.  P.  companies  ;  "  one  of 
the  commissioners  for  the  Navy  Royall 
15  yeares  and  dyed  1630  ;  "  married 
Mary,  daughter  of  Thomas  Andrews, 
and  sister  of  Dr.  Andrews,  Bishop  of 
Winchester,  and  their  son,  Andrews 
Burrell,  married  Alice,  daughter  of 
Capt.  Martyn  Bring. 

Burrough.     See  Borough. 
Burton,    George,    gent.,   2.      Sub. 

;  pd.  £12  10s. 

Eusbridge  — Buckeridge,  John,2. 
Snb.  £37  10s.;  pd.  £37  10s.  Of  the 
N.  W.  P.  Co.  and  one  of  the  directors 
of  the   E.   I.   Co.     May  23,  1614,  the 


E.  I.  Co.  voted  him  "a  gratification 
towards  his  expenses  in  passing  a  bill 
through  Parliament  to  stop  the  ex- 
portation of  ordinance,"  etc. 

Busby,  Ralphe,  grocer,  2.  Sub. 
;  pd. .  "  Admitted  a  free- 
man of  the  Grocers'  Co.  in  1586.  In 
1605  he  was  reproved  by  the  court  of 
assistants,  and  excluded  from  all  off.ce 
of  authority  in  the  comjiany  and  not 
allowed  to  be  of  the  court  of  assist- 
ants, because  of  unjust  conduct  to  the 
clerk  and  defiance  of  the  authority  of 
the  court  ;  admitted  to  the  livery,  22 
May,  1613  ;  occupied  a  house  in  Wood 
Street  in  1614."  (Grocers'  Records.) 
Also  of  the  E.  I.  and  N.  W.  P.  com- 
panies. 

Butler,    George,    gent.,   2.      Sub. 

;  pd.   £25.     Probably  M.  P.  for 

Carlisle  in  1014  and  1621-22. 

Butler  —  Boteler,  Captain  Na- 
thaniel.     Sub. ;    pd. .      He 

was  "the  eldest  son  of  John  Butler  of 
Tofte  ill  Sharnbooke  in  County  Bed- 
ford Esquier  per  the  2  venter,  Mary 
dau.  of  James  Gedge  and  wydow  to 
Christopher  Harris  Esq."  Thus  Cap- 
tain Butler  was  the  half  brother  to  Sir 
Oliver  Butler,  or  Boteler  of  Testou, 
and  full  brother  to  James  Butler 
(afterwards  of  the  Va  and  S.  I.  com- 
panies) and  to  Butler  who  mar- 
ried John  Cornelius  of  Loudon,  mer- 
chant. 

Captain  Butler  was  a  M.  C.  for  Va. 
Co.;  was  elected  governor  of  the  Ber- 
mudas in  the  spring  of  1619,  and  was 
on  that  island  from  October,  1619,  to 
October,  1622,  during  which  time  Sir 
Thomas  Wrothe  wrote  an  epigram  "  To 
his  worthy  friend  Captaine  Butler, 
Governour  of  Bermuda,  or  the  Sum- 
mer Hand,"  which  was  published  in 
"  The  Destruction  of  Troy,  or  The 
Acts  of  ^ueas,"  licensed  April  4, 
1620. 

Butler  was  in  Virginia  during  the 
winter  of  1622-"_3,  and  while  there 
Capt.  William  Powell  and  himself  led 
forces  against  the  Indians.  He  re- 
turned to  England  in  tlie  spring,  and 
his  "  Unmasking  of  Virginia,"  one  of 
the  causes  of  the  serious  factions  in 
the  Va.  Co.,  appeared  early  in  April, 
1623.  He  was  on  the  Va.  Commission 
of  July  25,  1624  ;  at  Cadiz  in  1625, 
and  the  Isle  of  Rd  in  1627  ;  a  captain 
in  the  Royal  Navy ;  was  governor  and 


BUTTER  —  CABOT 


837 


admiral  of  the  Bahamas  from  1638  to 
l(i4:l,  and  was  probably  the  person 
wlio  was  committed  to  Newgate  by  the 
Council  of  State  of  the  Common- 
wealth for  dispersing  treasonable  and 
scandalous  books  in  June,  1649.  The 
date  of  his  death  is  not  known  to  me. 
He  was  tlie  author  of  "  Six  Dialogues 
about  Sea  Services  between  an  High 
Admiral  and  a  Captain  at  Sea,"  which 
remained  in  manuscript  until  1685, 
when  it  was  pul)lished  by  Moses  Pitt. 

Butter,  Nathaniel,  stationer  and 
journalist.  Admitted  to  freedom  of 
the  Stationers'  Co.,  February  20,  1604. 
"  A  true  and  tragical  discourse  of  the 
expedition  to  Guiana  [1605]  was  is- 
sued by  him,  June  25,  1607.  Newes 
from  Lough  ffoyle  in  Ireland,  May  19, 
1603.  Newes  from  Spain  in  1611. 
Newes  from  most  parts  of  Christen- 
dom, Sept.  2.5,  1622;  this  was  his  first 
attempt  at  a  Newspaper  and  its  suc- 
cess induced  him  to  make  journalism 
his  chief  business,  in  partnership  with 
Nicholas  Bourne  and  others." 

"Feb.  22,  1664,  Nath.  Butter,  an 
old  stationer  [the  first  English  jour- 
nalist], died  venj  poory 

Button,  Captain  Thomas,  2.  Sub. 
£37  10s.;  pd.  £25.  Fourth  son  of 
Miles  Button,  of  Worlton  in  Glamor- 
ganshire ;  entered  the  naval  service  of 
Queen  Elizabeth  ;  distinguished  him- 
self at  the  siege  of  Kinsale  in  Ireland 
in  1601;  was  thought  to  have  died  in 
the  West  Indies,  but  returned  safely 
to  England  prior  to  March  25,  1604; 
of  the  N.  W.  P.  Co.  1612  ;  entered 
the  service  of  Henry,  Prince  of  Wales, 
and  in  1612-13  made  his  celebrated 
voyage  to  Hudson's  Bay,  where  he 
wintered,  and  named  New  North  and 
New  South  Wales  for  his  patron  ; 
commanded  his  majesty's  ship  Phoe- 
nix on  the  coast  of  Ireland,  1614-20; 
knighted  by  Sir  Oliver  St.  John,  lord 
deputy  of  Ireland,  August  30,  1016; 
rear-admiral  of  the  fleet  under  Sir 
Robert  Mansell,  1620-21  ;  on  the 
council  of  war,  1624  ;  on  naval  com- 
mission, 1625  ;  consulted  by  Lord 
Keeper  Coventry  about  the  West  In- 
dies in  1()L9,  and  by  Capt.  Thomas 
Jamss  about  the  N.  W.  P.  in  1630. 
He  died  of  a  fever  in  April,  1634. 

Button's  Bay  was  named  for  him. 

Butts,  Thomas.  Of  Great  Ri- 
burgh,  Norfolk,  and  son  of  the  very 


celebrated  Sir  William  Butts,  physi- 
cian to  Henry  VIII.,  one  of  the  found- 
ers of  tlie  College  of  Physician.s,  etc. 
(See  Shakespeare's  Henry  VIII. ,  act 
V.  scene  2.)  Hakluyt,  writing  at 
some  date  prior  to  1600,  says  that 
"Thomas  Butts  was  lately  living,  to 
whom  I  rode  two  hundred  miles  only 
to  learn  the  whole  truth  of  this  voyage 
[of  1536]  from  his  own  mouth,  as  be- 
ing the  only  man  now  alive  that  was 
in  this  discovery." 

Byleth,  Robert.  Master's  mate  in 
the  voyage  to  Hudson's  Bay,  April, 
1610,  to  October,  1611  ;  member  N. 
W.  P.  Co.,  1(512  ;  went  with  Captain 
Button,  A])ril  or  Maj',  1612,  to  about 
September,  1613  ;  was  possibly  with 
Gibbons  in  1614  ;  made  a  voyage  to 
the  Northwest  with  Baffin,  March  to 
September,  1615;  and  another,  March 
to  August,  1616.  The  name  is  vari- 
ously spelled  ;  but  I  believe  the  cor- 
rect way  to  be  Blythe,  and  I  am  in- 
clined to  believe  him  to  be  the  Captaine 
Blythe  who  commanded  the  fleet  in  the 
East  Indies  in  1622  (when  Baffin  was 
killed),  although  this  person  is  alluded 
to  once  or  twice  in  the  E.  I.  records 
as  Capt.  Richard  Blythe  or  Blieth. 

Cabot,  John,  a  Venetian  pilot. 
Was  probably  employed  in  Bristol, 
England,  as  early  as  1472,  but  con- 
tinued to  make  journeys  to  Venice  for 
some  time  after. 

The  following  brief  account  of  his 
connection  with  American  discovery 
seems  to  me  about  as  correct  as  we 
can  now  make  it  ;  yet  there  is  still 
some  confusion  on  several  points  :  — 

"  About  the  year  1491  the  jjeople  of 
Bristol,  England,  began  sending  out 
every  year,  light  ships  under  the  com- 
mand of  John  Cabot  in  search  of  the 
island  of  Brazil  and  the  Seven  Cities." 

It  seems  probable  that  he  saw  land 
while  on  one  [1494  ?]  of  these  private 
voyages,  as  he  petitioned  Henry  VIT. 
in  1495  to  grant  unto  him  and  his 
three  sons  the  royal  authority  to  dis- 
cover and  possess  new  lands,  etc.  In 
answer  to  which  petition  letters  patent 
passed  the  seal  on  March  5,  1496,  and 
on  May  2,  1497,  John  Cabot  sailed 
from  Bristol  on  his  first  royally  author- 
ized voyage,  and  returning  in  August, 
he  was  for  the  first  time  able  to  pro- 
claim publicly  under  the  protection  of 


838 


CABOT 


Henry  VII.,  "The  certain  news  that 
he  had  found  land."  The  king  gave 
him  presents,  and  in  December,  1497, 
a  pension  out  of  the  customs  of  the 
port  of  Bristol.  The  order  for  this 
pension  passed  the  seals.  January  28, 
1498.  On  the  3d  of  February,  1498, 
Henry  VII.  granted  him  authority  to 
impress  vessels  for  another  voyage, 
and  "  In  the  begynnynge  of  iSouier " 
John  Cabot  sailed  with  five  ships  from 
Bristol.  "  The  king  furnished  one 
ship,  and  with  this  ship  went  3  or  4 
more  out  of  Bristol."  John  Cabot 
seems  to  disappear  in  tliis  voyage,  and 
was  probably  among  the  "  many  men 
lost."     Possibly  he  died  on  our  coast. 

As  early  as  December  18,  1497,  we 
are  told  that  John  Cabot  "had  the  de- 
scription of  the  world  in  a  chart,  and 
also  in  a  globe,  which  he  made,  showing 
where  he  lauded  in  the  new  world," 
etc.  His  charts,  or  copies  of  them, 
had  reached  Spain  in  1499,  and  it 
seems  certain  that  a  large  part  of  our 
northern  coast  on  the  map  of  the 
world  made  by  Juan  de  la  Cosa  in 
1500  w'as  compiled  from  them. 

It  seems  almost  certain  that  Eu- 
ropeans had  discovered  Amei'ica  at 
much  earlier  dates  ;  but  Cabot  fur- 
nishes the  first  definite  starting-point 
for  English  claims,  and  Columbus  for 
the  Spaniards,  though  it  may  be  that 
Americus  Vespucius  saw  the  conti- 
nent before  either  of  them.  Columbus 
never  saw  any  part  of  the  territory  of 
the  United  States.  As  a  nation  we 
trace  back  to  the  discoveries  of  John 
Cabot.  We  do  not  trace  back  to  Co- 
lumbus ;  the  claims  of  Spain  and  the 
Bulls  of  the  Pope  were  based  on  his 
discoveries.  Had  England  continued 
to  acknowledge  those  claims,  this 
nation  would  not  now  be  in  existence. 

Cabot,  Sebastian,  second  son  of 
John  Cabot  aforesaid,  was  probably 
born  in  Bristol,  England.  His  name 
appears  in  the  petition  to  Henry  VII. 
and  in  the  charter,  March  5,  1496.  He 
was  probably  with  his  father  on  sev- 
eral of  his  voyages  of  discovery,  and  I 
am  inclined  to  infer  that  the  voyage 
of  1498,  which  sailed  under  the  fa- 
ther's, returned  to  Bristol  under  the 
son's  command  ;  but  much  of  the  old 
"  traveler's  tale  "  has  been  woven  into 
the  early  life  of  Sebastian  Cabot. 
He  was  making  a  chart  of  Gascoigne 


and  Guienne  for  Henry  VIII.  earlv  in 
151'J,  but  entered  the  service  of  Spain 
in  the  fall  of  that  year,  and,  it  seems, 
remained  there  until  toward  the  end 
of  1516,  when  he  returned  to  Eng- 
land, where  he  probably  continued 
until  1519.  He  was  appointed  pilot- 
major  to  Charles  V.  on  May  0,  1619, 
about  which  time  he  probably  returned 
to  Spain.  He  was  presumably  in 
England  again  in  1521,  when  Henrj' 
VIII.  lequired  the  London  compa- 
nies to  furnish  him  with  five  ships  for 
the  discovery  of  the  new  found  land. 
The  Drapers  record  that  they  consid- 
ered it  "  a  sore  adventure  to  jepard  V 
shipps  w""  men  and  goods  nnto  the 
said  island,  upon  the  singular  trust  of 
one  man,  called,  as  the}'  understood, 
Sebastyan,  who,  as  they  had  heard 
say,  was  never  in  that  land  himself, 
and  made  report  of  many  things,  only 
as  he  had  heard  his  father  and  other 
men  speke  in  times  past."  In  1522 
he  had  an  interview  with  the  Vene- 
tian ambassador,  in  which  he  offers  to 
enter  the  service  of  Venice.  He  at- 
tended the  congress  of  pilots  at  Ba- 
dajos  in  1524,  in  the  interest  of  Spain; 
appointed  to  command  an  expedition 
to  Brazil  in  April,  1526,  exploring 
that  country  four  years  ;  returned  to 
Spain  in  August,  1530;  "was  im- 
prisoned for  nearly  a  jear,  and  after- 
wards condemned  by  the  Council  of 
the  Indies  to  two  years'  banishment  to 
Oran  in  Africa  for  mismanagement  of 
the  expedition  to  Brazil.  He  returned 
to  Seville  in  June,  1533,  and  was  soon 
reinstated  in  his  former  position."  He 
remained  for  many  years  examiner  of 
pilots  in  the  Contractation  House  at 
Seville,  during  which  time  he  made 
his  famous  mappe  monde,  which  was 
first  engraved  in  1544.  "  Shortly 
after  the  death  of  Henry  VIII.  (28 
January,  1547),  Cabot  received  tempt- 
ing offers  from  friends  in  England  to 
transfer  his  services  to  the  country  of 
his  birth."  He  probably  arrived  in 
England  in  the  fail  of  1547  and  re- 
mained there  to  his  death.  January 
6,  1549,  Edward  VI.  granted  him  a 
pension  of  £166  13s.  4d.,  to  date  from 
September  29,  1548,  "  in  considera- 
tion of  good  and  acceptable  service 
done  and  to  be  done  by  him  ; "  Janu- 
ary 19,  1550,  Charles  V.,  through  the 
Spanish  ambassador  in  England,  de- 


CABOT  —  CESAR 


839 


nianJed  the  return  of  Cabot  to  Spain. 
The  Eiig-lish  Council  replied,  through 
the  Enj^^li;<li  Ambassador,  in  refusal, 
April  21.  1.">,jO.  Some  accounts  state 
that  P^dward  VI.  renewed  to  Cabot 
the  patent  of  March  5,  1496,  on  June 
4,  1550.  lie  settled  a  dispute  be- 
tween the  English  and  German  mer- 
chants, and  for  his  services  in  this  mat- 
ter the  king  granted  him,  in  March, 
1551,  a  reward  of  £200.  Under  his 
leadership  "  certain  grave  citizens  of 
London  "  formed  a  company,  which 
was  incorporated  on  December  18, 
1551,  by  the  name  of  "  The  Mysterie 
and  Companie  of  the  Merchant  Ad- 
venturers for  the  Discoverie  of  Re- 
gions, Dominions,  Islands  and  Places, 
unknown."  This  company  (of  which 
Cabot  was  "  governor  for  life  ")  set 
forth  the  expedition  to  the  Northeast, 
which  sailed  under  Sir  Hugh  Wil- 
loughby  in  i\Iay,  1553.  Edward  VI. 
having  died,  Charles  V.  again  requested 
the  return  of  Cabot  to  Spain,  Septem- 
ber 9,  1553  ;  but  he  did  not  go.  In 
answer  to  the  bumble  petition  of  Wil- 
liam Paulet,  Marquis  of  Winchester, 
Henry  Fitz-Alan,  Earl  of  Arundel, 
John  Russell,  Earl  of  Bedford,  Wil- 
liam Herbert,  Earl  of  Peinbroke, 
William  Lord  Howard  of  Effingham, 
and  others,  Philip  and  Mary  granted 
to  "  the  Company  of  Merchant  .\dven- 
turers  for  the  Discoverie  of  Regions 
.  .  .  unknown,"  a  second  charter  on 
February  6,  1555,  with  Sebastian 
Cabot  as  governor,  and  on  Novem- 
ber 27  of  the  same  year,  Queen  Mary 
renewed  to  him  kis  pension.  On 
April  13,  1556,  he  went  aboard  the 
Searchthrift  at  Graveseiul  l)i'fore  she 
sailed  on  her  voyage  to  the  Norllu-ast, 
and  "entered  into  the  dance  iiimself." 
He  resigned  his  pension  May  27,  1557, 
an  annuity  was  granted  him  two  days 
after,  and  this  is  our  last  record  of 
him  alive.  He  was  then  an  old  man, 
and  within  a  few  mouths  he  was  prob- 
ably in  his  grave. 

Opinions  may  differ  as  to  Cabot's 
early  voyages  to  the  "  Newfound- 
land;" but  in  the  matter  of  organiz- 
ing the  first  English  company  "  for 
the  Discoverie  of  Regions,  Dominions, 
Islands  and  Places  unknown,"  liis  ser- 
vice seems  to  stand  on  the  "  iirme 
lande."  This  comjiany,  which  still 
ejcists,  forms  a  most  interesting  chain 


in  tlie  history  of  English  discovery, 
commerce,  and  colonization.  The  hrst 
recorded  voyages  to  America  from 
England  were  sent  out  under  the  com- 
mand of  John  Cabot,  whose  son  Sebas- 
tian (also  interested  in  his  father's 
lettex's  j)atent)  was  the  first  governor; 
among  the  first  four  Consuls  ("  the 
Council  ")  and  their  twenty-four  as- 
sistants ("the  directors")  we  find  Sir 
George  Barnes,  Sir  William  Garrett, 
Thomas  Lodge,  and  Rowland  Hai- 
ward,  as  well  as  Sir  Andrew  Judde 
(grandfather  of  Sir  Thomas  Smith), 
Sir  John  Yorke  (Sir  Martin  P^robish- 
er's  uncle),  Richard  Chamberlaine  the 
elder,  Thomas  OfHey  the  elder,  Henry 
Hudson,  and  others,  whose  heirs  were 
afterwards  interested  in  colonizing 
America.  And  at  the  time  of  which 
we  write  we  find  Sir  Thomas  SinyLhe, 
the  treasurer  of  the  Virginia  Com- 
pany of  London,  occupying  Cabot's 
old  place  of  governor  in  tiiis  company, 
and  we  see  their  vessels  sailing  on  the 
Great  White  Sea  of  Russia  and  taking 
emigrants  to  Virginia. 

There  can  be  no  mistake  about  the 
service  rendered  by  Cabot,  Barnes,  and 
otliers,  in  forming  this  old  merchant 
coinpanj',  which  was  so  largely  instru- 
mental in  laying  tlie  business  founda- 
tion of  England's  future  prosperity, 
in  advancing  English  discovery,  com- 
merce, and  colonization.  (See  the 
jNIuscovy  Company.)  The  William 
Worthington  who  shared  Cabot's  an- 
nuity in  1557,  and  who  fell  heir  to  the 
maps  and  papers  of  Cabot,  was  of 
Orsett  in  County  Essex,  esquire, 
'•  Pentinor  to  King  Henry  VIII.,  iving 
Edward  VI.,  Queen  Mary,  and  Queen 
Elizabeth."  He  married  .\nu,  daugh- 
ter to  Sir  Robert  Tirrell,  of  Warley  in 
Elssax,  master  of  horse  to  King  Henry 
VIII.  His  son,  Sir  William  Worthing- 
ton, of  Springfield  in  J^ssex,  gentle- 
man, porter  of  the  Tower,  and  '•  Pen- 
tinor to  Queen  Elizabeth  and  James 
I.,"  married,  first,  Mary,  daughter  to 
Richard  Atkins,  recorder  of  London, 
and,  secondly,  Margaret,  daughter  to 
Christopher  Peyton  of  Bury  St.  ¥a\- 
munds,  and  widow  to  Richard  Eden. 

Caesar,  Sir  Julius,  oldest  son  of 
Dr.  Cajsar  Adelmare  (physician  to 
Queens  Mary  and  Elizabeth)  by  his 
wife  Margaret,  daughter  of  Martin 
Perin  (Pring  ?);  born  at  Tottenliam  iu 


840 


CiESAR 


1558  ;  baptized  at  St.  Dunstan's,  Feb- 
ruarj  10,  1558,  his  sponsors  in  bap- 
tism being  William  Pawlett,  Marqius 
of  Winchester,  Henry  Fitz-Alan,  Earl 
of  Arundel,  and  Queen  Elizabeth, 
represented  by  the  Lady  Montacute. 
Denization  was  granted  to  his  father, 
"  CtEsar  Aldemarius  of  Venice,  Doctor 
of  Medicine,  on  the  28th  of  August, 
1558."  His  father,  who  was  prob- 
ably a  Roman  Catholic,  died  in  1569, 
and  his  mother  afterwards  married 
Michael  Locke,  a  zealous  Protestant. 
The  son,  who  was  baptized  Julius- 
Csesar  Adelniare,  finally  dropping  his 
ancestral  name,  was  educated  at 
Magdalene  College,  Oxford  ;  B.  A., 
May  17,  1575  ;  M.  A.,  1578  ;  a  sub- 
scriber to  Frobisher's  voyages,  1576- 
78  ;  left  Oxford  for  Paris  in  1579, 
"  to  finish  the  study  of  his  profession 
of  a  civilian  ;  and  on  the  15,  18,  and  22 
April  1581,  was  admitted  there  bache- 
lor, licentiate  and  doctor,  of  both  Laws. 
On  the  tenth  of  the  following  May,  he 
received  the  complimentary  appoint- 
ment of  advocate  in  the  parliament  of 
Paris,  and  within  a  iew  weeks  after 
returned  to  England,  which  he  seems 
never  again  to  have  quitted  in  the 
course  of  his  long  life."  (Lodge.) 
Appointed  "justice  of  the  peace  in 
all  causes  of  piracy,  and  such  like, 
throughout  the  land,"  October  9,  1581. 
"  He  now  laid  the  surest  foundation 
for  his  future  advantage,  by  a  most 
prudent  match  with  Dorcas,  daughter 
of  Richard  Martin,  an  alderman  of 
London,  who  was  afterwards  knighted, 
and  thrice  filled  the  office  of  lord 
mayoi',  and  was  master  of  the  mint 
in  the  reigns  of  P^lizabeth  and  James 
the  First.  To  this  lady,  who,  though 
scarcely  twenty  years  old,  was  alread\' 
the  widow  of  Richard  Lusher,  a  stu- 
dent of  the  Middle  Temple,  who  had 
died  February  18,  1581,  at  the  age 
of  28,  he  was  married  on  the  26th  of 
February,  1582."  He  was  a  subscriber 
to  Fenton's  voyage,  and  on  March  11, 
1582,  dined  w'itli  the  Rev.  Mr.  Mad- 
dox  (who  was  licensed  to  preach  in 
all  the  world)  at  Sheriff  Martin's  (his 
father-in-law's)  house. 

Counsel  for  the  City  of  London,  June 
11,  1583  ;  D.  C.  L.,  Oxford,  March 
5,  1581  ;  appointed  judge  of  the  Ad- 
miralty Court,  April  30,  1584  ;  a  sub- 
scriber  to   the   voyage   of  Cavendish 


round  the  world;  master  in  chancery 
in  ordinary,  October  9,  1588  ;  •'  M. 
P.  for  Reigate  in  Surrey,  1589;  "  Sub- 
scriber to  the  second  voyage  of  Cav- 
endish ;  master  extraordinary  of  the 
Court  of  Requests,  January  10,  1591; 
treasurer  of  the  Inner  Temple  ;  M. 
P.  for  Bletchingley,  1593.  Dorcas,  his 
first  wife,  died  June  16,  1595,  aged 
34,  and  was  buried  in  the  Temple 
Church,  London.  (Her  son.  Sir  Charles 
Cpesar,  succeeded  Sir  Dudley  Digges 
as  master  of  the  rolls.) 

Master  of  Request,  September,  1595. 
He  married,  secondly,  on  April  10, 
1596,  Alice,  daughter  of  Christopher 
Grene,  gent.,  and  widow  of  John  Dent, 
of  London,  merchant,  at  her  house  at 
Mitcham  in  Surrey.  Master  of  St. 
Catherine's  Hospital  by  the  Tower  of 
London, June  17,  1596.  Wrote  "The 
Ancient  State,  Authoritie  and  Proced- 
ings  of  the  Court  of  Requests,  2  Oc- 
tober, 1596  ;  "  published  in  1597.  M. 
P.  for  Windsor,  1597-98  and  1601.  He 
was  visited  by  Queen  Elizabeth  at 
Mitcham,  September  12  and  13,  1598, 
and  the  entertainment  of  her  majesty 
cost  him  £700.  Eldest  master  of  the 
Requests,  May  10, 1600  ;  Knighted  at 
Greenwich  by  King  James,  May  20, 
1603  ;  M.  P.  for  Westminster,  1604. 
Appointed  chancellor  and  under- 
treasurer  of  the  Exchequer,  April  11, 
1606  ;  a  member  of  the  Privy  Coun- 
cil, July  5,  1607  ;  member  of  the  N. 
W.  P.  Co.,  July  26,  1612  ;  M.  P.  for 
Middlesex,  1614.  His  second  wife, 
Alice,  died  May  23,  1614,  aged  44 
years  11  montljs,  and  was  buried  in 
the  Church  of  St.  Helen's.  He  was 
master  of  the  rolls,  September  13, 
1614.  Married,  thirdly,  April  19, 1615, 
Anne,  daughter  of  Sir  Plenry  Wode- 
house,  widow  of  William  Hungate, 
and  niece  of  Sir  Francis  Bacon  (then 
attorney-general)  who  gave  her  away 
at  the  altar.  Admitted  a  free  brother 
of  the  E.  I.  Co.,  January  20,  1618. 
Many  of  his  papers,  still  jn-eserved, 
prove  his  interest  in  Virginia,  and 
some  of  Capt.  John  Martin's  (his 
brother-in-law's)  letters  to  him  from 
Virginia  still  remain.  M.  P.  for  Mai- 
den, 1021-22.  He  was  a  member  o! 
the  commission  for  winding  up  the 
affairs  of  the  Va.  Co.  of  London,  July 
15,  1624.  Lord  Bacon  is  said  to  have 
died  in  his  arms  in  April,  1626.     A 


JOHN   SELDEN 


CAGE  —  CALVERT 


841 


commissioDer  to  examine  the  case  be- 
tween Capt.  David  Kirke  and  the 
French  in  Canada,  Alai'ch  5,  IGiJO. 
He  died  April  18,  1()3(>,  in  liis  79th 
year,  and  was  l)iuied  in  the  south 
transept  of  the  Church  of  Great  St. 
Helen's,  in  Bishopso^ate  Street,  where 
his  monument  (erected  by  Nicholas 
Stone  at  tlie  cost  of  £110)  with  its 
curious  device  still  remains.  The  de- 
vice and  inscription  were  designed  and 
written  by  himself  ;  his  widow  had  tlie 
monument  erected.  He  left  a  high 
character  for  integrity,  talent,  and 
charity.  It  was  said  of  him,  that  he 
was  kept  alive  beyond  nature's  course 
by  the  prayers  of  the  many  poor  whom 
he  daily  relieved. 

Cage,  Ed'ward,  grocer,  2.  Sub. 
£37  10s.  ;  pd.  £87  10s.  Admitted  to 
the  livery  of  the  Grocers'  Company 
in  1586  ;  married  Judith,  daughter  of 
Sir  John  Hart  ;  died  in  1619,  and  on 
November  15  in  that  year,  his  son, 
John  Cage,  Esq.,  sold  nine  shares  of 
land  in  Virginia,  —  six  to  Dr.  Theodore 
Gulston  and  three  to  Isaac  Seaward. 

Callamata,  mentioned  in  "  The 
Epistle  Dedicatory  "  to  Smith's  "  Gen- 
eral History"  (1624),  in  Brathwait's 
verses  prefixed  to  "  The  True  Travels, 
etc."  (1630),  and  in  "The  True 
Travels,"  on  page  32.  The  same 
narrative  as  printed  by  Purchas  in 
1621  contains  no  reference  to  her. 

Calthorpe.     See  Galthorpe. 

Calvert,  George,  esquire,  2.     Sub. 

;  pd.  £25.     Born  about  1579-80, 

at  Kipling  in  Yorkshire  ;  entered 
Trinity  College,  Oxford  in  1.594  ;  A. 
B.,  Oxford,  February  23,  159?  ;  after- 
wards traveled  abroad  ;  entered  pub- 
lic life  under  the  patronage  of  Sir 
Robert  Cecil  ;  M.  P.  for  Bossiney  in 
Cornwall,  October,  1609,  to  February 
9,  ICll  ;  A.  M.,  Oxford,  1605.  Pro- 
thonotary  and  keeper  of  the  rolls  in 
Connaught,  Ireland,  1606  ;  member  of 
the  E.  1.  Co.;  clerk  of  the  Privy  Coun- 
cil in  September,  1611.  In  January, 
1612,  "  he  was  settled  about  the  king, 
and  wholly  employed  in  reading  and 
writing."  One  of  the  executors  of 
Robert,  Earl  of  Salisbury,  ISIay,  1612. 
One  of  tlie  commissioners  for  Ireland, 
August  24,  161.3.  He  adventured 
£1,600  in  the  joint  stock  of  the  E.  I. 
Co.  in  Kill ;  knigiited  at  Hampton 
Court,  September   29,   1617 ;    in   the 


proceedings  against  Ralegh  in  1618  ; 
ap})ointed  secretary  of  state  for  life 
in  February,  1619  ;  purchased  a  part 
of  Newfoundland  from  Sir  William 
Vauglian  in  1620,  and  in  1621  sent  a 
body  of  settlers  there.  M.  P.  for 
County  York,  January  30,  1621,  to 
February  8,  1622.  Admitted  into  the 
New  England  Company  July  5,  and 
his  bounds  in  that  colony  were  laid  off 
July  24,  1622.  Avalon  ("the  first 
fruits  of  Christianity "),  Newfound- 
land, was  granted  to  him  by  letters 
patent  of  December  31,  1622,  March 
30  and  April  7, 1623.  He  was  granted 
lands  "  at  the  king's  service "  in  Ire- 
land, February  18,  1623  ;  M.  P.  for 
Oxford  University,  February  12, 1624, 
to  (the  king's  death)  March  27,  1625  ; 
member  of  the  commission  for  wind- 
ing up  the  affairs  of  the  Va.  Co., 
July  15,  1624,  and  afterwards  one 
of  the  committee  of  the  Council  for 
plantation  affairs  ;  resigned  the  sec- 
retaryship, for  a  consideration,  in 
favor  of  Sir  Albert  Morton,  February 
9,  1625  ;  created  Lord  Baltimore, 
February  16,  1625,  and  a  few  days 
after  went  into  the  north  of  England 
"  with  Sir  Tobie  Matthew,  which  con- 
firms the  opinion,  that  he  is  a  bird  of 
that  feather,"  i.  e.  a  Roman  Catholic. 
On  March  11,  following,  the  king 
granted  him  the  Irish  lands  "  in  fee 
simple,"  and  soon  after  the  king's 
death  he  went  over  to  his  Irish  pos- 
sessions. He  visited  "  Ferryland," 
his  colony  in  Newfoundland  in  1627, 
and  again  in  1628  ;  remaining  there 
from  about  April,  1628,  to  about  Sep- 
tember, 1629,  when,  after  having 
spent  abou1P£25,000  in  advancing  that 
plantation,  he  seems  to  have  aban- 
doned it.  Going  to  Virginia,  "  to  view 
those  parts,"  he  arrived  at  Jamestown 
early  in  October,  1629,  where  he  seems 
to  have  met  with  but  a  "cowlde  "  re- 
ception. Yet  he  was  pleased  with 
the  climate  and  the  soil,  if  not  with 
the  people.  In  December,  1630,  he 
was  again  in  England.     In  February, 

1631,  he  was  very  near  obtaining  a 
charter  for  land  south  of  James  River. 
Early  in  1632  he  overcame  all  ob- 
stacles, and  the  king  agreed  to  grant 
him  lands  north  and  east  of  tlie  Poto- 
mac ;  but  he  died  before  his  charter 
passed  the  seals,  "  in  London,  April  15, 

1632,  in  the  53rd  year  of  his  age,  and 


842 


CAM  —  CAREW 


was  buried  in  the  chancel  of  St.  Dnn- 
stan's  in  the  West."  He  married 
Anne,  daughter  of  George  Wynne. 
"  His  rights  were  transmitted  to  his 
son  and  heir,  Cecil,  second  Lord  Balti- 
more, to  whom  the  Maryland  charter 
was  finally  issued  20  June,  1632." 


/^7^^ 


Cam,  Master  Thomas.  Probably 
Thomas  Canne,  who  was  afterwards 
knighted  by  James  I,  His  son  Wil- 
liam was  mayor  of  Bristol  in  1648. 

Campbell — Cambell,  James,  iron- 
monger, 2.     Sub. ;  pd.  £25.     Son 

of  Sir  Thomas  Campbell,  Lord  Mayor 
of  London  in  1609-10  ;  born  in  1570  ; 
became  a  leading  merchant  of  Lon- 
don ;  member  of  the  E.  I.  Co.  ;  mas- 
ter of  the  Ironmongers  in  1615;  sheriff 
of  London,  1619  ;  elected  alderman  of 
Billingsgate  ward,  May  24,  1620;  re- 
moved to  Lime  Street  ward.  May  14, 
1625,  and  at  his  death  in  1642  was  the 
senior  alderman  of  London  ;  a  direc- 
tor of  the  E.  I.  Co.,  1621  ;  master  of 
the  Ironmongers,  1623  ;  on  the  Va. 
commission,  July  15, 1624;  was  a  mem- 
ber of  the  French  and  Eastland  com- 
panies; Lord  Mayor  of  London,  1629- 
30;  knighted  at"  Whitehall,  May  23, 
1630  ;  master  of  the  Ironmongers  in 
1641.  Died  January  5,  and  was  buried 
in  St.  Olave's,  Jewry,  London,  on  the 
8  th  of  February,  1642.  By  will  he 
left  to  various  objects,  charities,  and 
persons,  £48,967  6s.  8d., •besides  real 
and  personal  estate,  which  was  a  vast 
sum  in  those  times.  His  servant,  Ed- 
ward Browne,  was  inclined  to  "  Booke- 
makeing,"  and  has  thus  preserved  for 
ns  much  of  interest  regarding  his  mas- 
ter. 

Campe,  Laurence,  draper,  2.  Sub. 
£37  10s.  ;  pd.  £100.  Founded  an 
almshouse  in  the  parish  of  Friarn 
Barnet  ;  was  a  donor  to  the  Parish 
Cluirch  of  "Alhallowes  the  Wall," 
and  "  from  his  love  to  Learning  gave 
£40  towards  the  maintenance  of  poor 
scholars  in  Cambridge." 

Candish.     See  Cavendish. 

Camiing,  Paul,  2.     Sub. ;  pd. 

.     Member  of  the   E.    I.   Co.;  in 


1612  he  was  sent,  with  letters  from 
King  James  and  orders  from  the  E.  I. 
Co.,  to  the  East  Indies  ;  taken  by  the 
Portuguese,  September,  1612  ;  set  on 
shore  at  Surat  in  October,  1612,  and 
died  at  Agra  May  29,  1613,  having 
been  "  poysoned  by  Jesuits,"  so  it  was 
.said. 

Canning,  William,  ironmonger,  2, 
Sub.  £37  10s.;  pd.  £37  10s.  William 
and  Paul  were  brothers,  being  sons  of 
Richard  Canning,  of  Foxcote,  County 
Warwick  ;  another  brother,  George, 
was  the  ancestor  of  the  celebrated 
George  Viscount  Canning,  orator  and 
statesman. 

William  was  born  about  15G2  ;  was 
"  of  Bashingshaw  Blackwell  Hall," 
London  ;  patented  lands  in  County 
Derry,  Ireland  ;  member  of  the  E.  I. 
Co.  ;  deputy  governor  of  the  B.  I. 
Co.  ;  master  of  the  Ironmongers  in 
1617  ;  elected  a  director  of  the  Va. 
Co.  of  London,  April  28,  1619  ;  voted 
to  surrender  the  Virginia  charter  to 
the  crown,  October  20,  1623.  During 
the  factions  of  1623  in  the  Va.  Co.,  he 
struck  Thomas  Keightley  in  the  Ex- 
change, which  resulted  in  a  lawsuit 
and  fines.  Master  of  the  Ironmongers 
in  1627,  and  died  during  year  of  office. 
He  married,  in  1592,  Rachael,  daughter 
of  W'illiam  Ormshawe,  of  St.  Mary-le- 
Bow,  London,  grocer. 

Cannon,  Thomas,  gent.,  2.     Sub. 

;  pd.  £12   10s.     Probably  M.  P. 

for  Haverford  West,  1625  and  1626, 
and  for  Ilaslemere,  1628-29;  knighted 
at  Greenwich,  June  30,  1623. 

Cantrell,  William,  gent.,  2.  Sub. 
:  pd.  £12  10s. 

Carbery ,  Earl  of.  —  John  Vaughan. 

Carew.     See  Carne. 

Carew,    George   Lord,    2.      Sub. 

Edmund  Carew,  who  was  knighted 
on  the  field  of  Bosworth,  was  the  father 
of  Katherine  Carew,  the  grandmother 
of  Sir  Walter  Ralegh,  and  of  George 
Carew,  the  very  Reverend  Dean  of 
Exeter  and  Windsor,  the  father  of 
George  Lord  Carew,  of  whom  I  write. 

George  Lord  Carew  was  born  May 
29,  1555  ;  at  Pembroke  College,  then 


C  ARE  W  — CAREY 


843 


called  Broadgate  Hall,  Oxford,  1504 
to  1573  ;  "  distinguished  by  the  va- 
riety, the  rapidity,  and  the  success  of 
his  studies;"  suddenly  adopted  the 
military  profession  ;  (putted  the  uni- 
versity without  taking  his  degree, 
and  joined  his  uncle,  James  W'ingHeld 
(see  pedigree),  in  Ireland,  where  he 
had  distinguished  himself  so  early  as 
l.")79  ;  knighted  by  Lord  Deputy  Per- 
rott,  lord  president  of  ^Munster,  in 
1585  ;  M.  A.,  Oxford,  1589  ;  lieuten- 
ant of  the  ordnance,  Tower  of  Lou- 
don, in  1592,  when  his  cousin,  Sir  Wal- 
ter Ralegh,  was  placed  in  his  custody 
for  marrying  against  the  wishes  of  the 
queen,  and  it  was  with  him  that  Sir 
Walter  had  the  memorable  fight  (so 
called)  for  a  sight  of  Elizabeth;  ac- 
companied Essex  in  the  expedition  to 
Cadiz  in  1596.  In  1597  he  was  lieu- 
tenant of  the  ordnance  of  the  fleet  un- 
der Essex  sent  out  against  the  Azores 
Islands ;  M.  P.  for  Queenborough, 
1597-98.  In  June,  1598,  Essex  too 
earnestly  advocated  him  for  lord  dep- 
uty of  Ireland,  for  which  Elizabeth 
gave  Essex  a  box  on  the  ear,  and  bade 
him  "go  and  be  hanged!"  Then 
Essex  lost  his  temper,  and  called  the 
queen  "  a  king  in  petticoats." 

Sir  George  Carew  was  appointed 
lord  president  of  Munster,  1599, 
"  when,  uniting  his  forces  with  those 
of  the  Earl  of  Thomond,  he  reduced 
several  castles  and  other  strong  places, 
obtained  many  triumphs  over  the  reb- 
els, brought  the  Earl  of  Desmond  to 
trial,  and  gained  great  honor  to  him- 
self." One  of  the  lord  justices  of 
Ireland,  treasurer  of  the  army,  etc., 
1600-03  ;  '■  he  defeated  the  Spaniards 
on  their  landing  at  Kinsale  in  IGOl, 
and  obliged  thena  to  abandon  their 
])rojects  against  Ireland."  Upon  the 
accession  of  King  James  I.  he  was 
constituted  captain  and  governor  of 
the  Isle  of  Guernsey,  vice-chamberlain 
to  the  queen  and  receiver-general  of 
her  revenues  ;  j\I.  P.  for  Hastings 
from  1604,  until  he  was  created  a 
peer.  Having  married  Joyce,  only 
<iaughter  and  heiress  of  William  Clop- 
ton,  Esq.,  of  Clopton,  County  War- 
wick, he  was  elevated  to  the  peerage, 
May  4,  1605,  as  Baron  Carew  of  Clop- 
ton"; M.  C.  for  Va..  1607.  July  'i7, 
1608,  he  was  made  master  of  the 
ordnance  for  life,  and  sworn  of   the 


Privy  Co\incil.  He  continued  to  have 
a  great  interest  in  the  advancement  of 
commerce  and  colonization.  M.  C. 
for  the  Va.  Co.,  IMay  23,  1609.  June 
24,  1611,  sent  as  a  commissioner  to 
examine  into  affairs  in  Ireland.  In 
1618  he  was  on  his  knees  before  James 
I.,  in  behalf  of  Sir  Walter  Ralegh, 
without  avail.  July  22,  1623,  one  of 
a  committee  "  To  frame  such  orders 
as  they  conceive  most  tit  for  regulat- 
ing the  government  of  Virginia  ; "  a 
movement  which  resulted  in  the  an- 
nulling of  the  old  charters.  April  22, 
1625,  the  Privy  Council  to  Secretary 
Conway  and  Lord  Carew,  master  of 
the  ordnance:  "To  take  into  considera- 
tion what  forts  and  places  of  strength 
are  to  be  erected  and  maintained  in 
Virginia,  and  to  give  an  estimate  of 
the  present  charge  and  of  the  annual 
cost  to  maintain  them."  He  was  cre- 
ated Earl  of  Totness,  February  1, 
1625-26.  Died  March  27,  1629,  at 
the  Savoy  in  the  Strand  in  the  sub- 
urbs of  London,  and  lies  buried  at 
Stratford-upon-Avon. 

He  was  the  author  of  "  Pacata  Hi- 
bernia,"  and  the  unique  papers  relating 
to  Ireland,  collected  by  him,  are  now 
preserved  in  the  Lambeth  Library. 
"  He  was  a  wise  statesman,  an  eminent 
commander,  and  an  estimable  histo- 
rian. His  niece  Anne  married,  sec- 
ondly, Sir  Allen  Apsley. 


Carew,  Sir  George,  statesman. 
Ambassador  to  King  of  Poland,  1597  ; 
to  Court  of  France,  1605-09  ;  "  Mas- 
ter of  the  wards,  1612,  succeeding  the 
late  lord  treasurer  ; "  died  in  Novem- 
ber, 1612.  Author  of  "  Rehition  of 
the  State  of  France."  etc.,  written  in 
1609  ;  published  in  1749. 

Carey —  Cary,  Sir  George,  of  Dev- 
onshire, 3.  Sub.  £45  ;  pd.  £45.  Of 
Cockington,  Devon  ;  son  of  Thomas 
Carey  ;  was  born  about  1540 ;  active 
against  the  Spaniards  in  1588  ;  a  pat- 
ron of  Cavendish,  1591  ;  knighted  at 
Vv'liitehall  in  February,  1597  ;  treas- 
urer for  Ireland,  March,  1599  ;    lord 


844 


CAREY 


deputy  of  Ireland,  1603-04  ;  died  in 
February,  1617  ;  was  twice  married, 
but  left  no  surviving  issue.  His  widow 
was  Lucy,  daughter  of  Robert  Lord 
Rich  and  first  Earl  of  Warwick. 

Carey  (or  Gary)  Henry,  first  Lord 
Hunsdon.  First  cousin  to  Queen 
Elizabeth ;  subscriber  to  Frobisher's 
(1576-78)  and  Fenton's  (1582-83) 
voyages,  and  patron  of  Cavendish. 
He  gathered  plants  from  the  farthest 
parts  of  the  world.  "  Died  at  Somer- 
set House,  23d  July,  1596,  aged  72." 

Carey  (or  Cary),  Sir  Henry,  2. 
Sub.  £75  ;  pd. .  Son  of  Sir  Ed- 
ward Cary,  of  Berkhanistead  and  Al- 
denham,  Hertfordshire  (first  cousin  to 
the  first  Lord  Hunsdon),  by  his  wife 
Catherine,  daughter  of  Sir  Henry 
Knevet,  master  of  the  jewel  office  to 
Queen  Elizabeth.  He  was  educated 
at  Exeter  College,  Oxford,  where  he 
acquired  distinction  by  his  talents  ; 
knighted  at  Dublin,  July  12,  1599,  by 
the  Earl  of  Essex  ;  served  in  France 
and  the  Low  Countries,  where  he  was 
taken  prisoner  by  Don  Louis  de  Ve- 
lasco,  at  the  battle  of  Mulheim  in  1605, 
a  fact  referred  to  in  the  epigram  on 
Sir  Henry  Cary  by  Ben  Jonson.  On 
his  return  to  JEngland  he  was  intro- 
duced to  court,  and  became  one  of  the 
gentlemen  of  the  bed-chamber  ;  one 
of  the  masters  of  the  royal  jewels, 
June  21,  1603-18  ;  M.  C.  for  Va. 
Co.,  May  23,  1609;  N.  W.  P.  Co., 
1612  ;  a  privy  councilor  in  1617  ; 
comptroller  of  the  household  in  Jan- 
uary, 1618  ;  on  commission  for  reg- 
ulating the  deputies  of  the  V..  I.  Co., 
1618  ;  created  Viscount  Falkland, 
November  10,  1620  ;  M.  P.  for  Hert- 
fordshire, 1621-22  ;  made  an  earnest 
attempt  to  establish  a  colony  in  New- 
foundland in  1621-22  ;  lord  deputv  of 
Ireland,  September,  1622,  to  1629. 
Old  Fuller  says,  "  an  unruly  colt 
will  fume  and  chafe  (though  neither 
switched  nor  spurred)  merely  because 
hacked.  The  rebellious  Irish  will  com- 
plain, only  because  kept  in  subjection, 
though  with  never  so  much  lenity  ; 
the  occasion  why  some  hard  speeches 
were  passed  on  his  government." 
He  lost  his  life  by  an  .accident  in 
Theobald's  Park  in  September,  163.3. 
He  married,  about  1609,  Elizabeth, 
only  daughter  and  sole  heir  of  Sir 
Laurence  Tanfield,  chief  baron  of  the 


Exchequer  (she  was  a  grand-niece  of 
old  Sir  Henry  Lee,  "the  Queen's 
knight  "),  by  whom  he  was  the  father 
of  Lucius,  the  celebrated  Viscount 
Falkland,  wlio  was  killed  at  the  battle 
of  Newbury,  September  20,  1643. 

Carey  (or  Cary),  Sir  Henry.    Sub. 

;    pd. .     Son  of    Sir  Robert 

Carey  ;  born  in  1596  ;  made  a  knight 
at  the  creation  of  Charles,  Prince  of 
Wales,  1616  ;  married  Martha,  daugh- 
ter of  Lionel  Cranfield,  Earl  of  Mid- 
dlesex ;  succeeded  his  father  as  second 
Earl  of  Monmouth  in  1639 ;  died 
June  13,  1661. 

As  there  were  two  Sir  Henry  Careys, 
members  of  the  Va.  Co.  in  1619-20, 
when  the  accounts  were  audited,  I  can- 
not assign  the  payments  with  any  cer- 
tainty. The  following  payments  were 
made  to  Sir  Thomas  Smythe  :  "  Sir 
Henry  Carie,  £20;"  "Sir  Henry 
Carie,  Captaine,  £25  ;  and  to  Sir 
Baptist  Hicks  :  "Sir  Henry  Carie, 
£75." 

Carey  (or  Cary),  Sir  Philip, 
Third  son  of  Sir  Edward  Cary  of 
Aldenham,  and  brother  of  Henry,  first 
Viscount  Falkland.  M.  P.  for  Wood- 
stock in  1614,  1621-22,  1624-25,  and 
1625  ;  knighted  at  Greenwich  by 
James  I.  ou  March  23,  1605.  Buried 
at  Aldenham,  June  13,  1631. 

Carey,  Sir  Robert,  2.     Sub. ; 

pd. .     Seventh  and  youngest  sou 

of  Henry  Carey,  first  Lord  Hunsdon  ; 
born  about  1560  ;  with  Sir  Thomas 
Layton  in  the  Netherlands,  1577  ;  at- 
tended in  the  suite  of  Duke  of  Alen- 
<jon  in  the  Low  Countries,  1581  ;  went 
with  Walsingham  to  Scotland,  1583, 
when  King  James  became  interested 
in  him  ;  M.  P.  for  Morpeth,  1586-87; 
with  the  Earl  of  Cumberland  at  Sluys, 

1587  ;    serves    against    the    Armada, 

1588  ;  M.  P.  for  Morpeth,  1588-89  ; 
serves  at  Rouen,  1591  ;  M.  P.  for 
Morpeth,  1593  ;  for  Northumberland, 
1597-98  and  1601.  After  the  death 
of  Elizabeth,  he  left  London  about  9 
A.  M.,  March  24,  and  reached  Holy- 
rood  late  ou  the  26th,  carrying  to  King 
James  the  news  of  the  death  of  the 
queen.  He  was  created  Baron  of 
Leppington,  February  6,  1622,  and 
Earl  of  Monmouth,  February  7,  1626; 
died  April  12,  1639.  His  memoirs 
were  published  in  1759  by  the  Earl  of 
Cork  and  Orrery. 


CARLEILL  — CAROX 


845 


Carleill  (Carliell,  Carlile,  etc.), 
Capt  Christopher,  son  of  Alexander 
Caileill  by  his  wife  Anne,  dangliter 
of  Sir  George  Barnes  the  ekler  (see 
Barnes  pedigree),  lie  was  born  about 
1.551  ;  educated  in  the  University  of 
Cambridge  ;  went  to  Fhishing  in  1572, 
and  "  followed  the  fortune  of  the 
^Var^es  in  Flanders  and  by  desert  was 
made  a  great  commander  in  ye  States 
Campe  ;  "  served  the  Prince  of  Cond^ 
at  La  Rochelle  ;  took  au  interest  iu 
American  discoveries  as  early  as  1574; 
admiral  of  the  English  merchants  into 
Russia,  158'J  ;  interested  in  Teuton's 
voyage,  1582-83  ;  interested  in  Amer- 
ica to  the  southwest  of  Cape  Breton, 
1582-83  ;  serving  in  Ireland,  1584  ;  on 
the  celebrated  expedition  to  America, 
September,  1585,  to  July,  1586  ;  again 
serving  in  Ireland  in  1588  ;  died  in 
London,  November  11,  1593  ;  married 
Mary,  daughter  of  Sir  Francis  Wal- 
singh^m,  and  sister  of  Sir  Philip  Sid- 
ney's wife. 

He  was  the  author  of  "  A  Brief  Sum- 
mary Discourse  upon  a  Vojage  intend- 
ing to  the  uttermost  parts  of  America  " 
(given  by  Hakluyt)  and  of  "  A  Dis- 
course on  the  Discovery  of  the  hither- 
most  parts  of  America,  written  by 
Captain  Carleill  to  the  Citizens  of 
London,"  Lansd.  MS.  100,  art.  14. 

Carleton,  Sir  Dudley,  born 
March  10,  1573.  After  a  course  of 
instruction  at  Westminster  school,  he 
became  a  student  of  Christ  Church 
College,  Oxford,  about  1591,  and  had 
for  his  tutor  Mr.  John  King,  after- 
wards Dean  of  Christ  College  and 
Bishop  of  London  ;  B.  A.,  1595  ; 
spent  most  of  the  next  five  years  in 
improving  himself  by  foreign  travel ; 
M.  A.,  1600  ;  accompanied  Sir  Thomas 
Parry,  ambassador  to  the  Court  of 
France,  as  his  secretarj-,  in  1602  ;  M. 
P.  for  St.  Mawes  in  Cornwall,  1604  ; 
some  time  secretary  to  the  Earl  of 
Northumberland,  and  as  such  was  un- 
der some  suspicion,  and  placed  under 
arrest  for  a  time,  during  the  excite- 
ment incident  to  the  Gunpowder  Plot. 
The  series  of  Gazette  Letters  from, 
and  to,  him,  still  preserved,  contain  a 
perfect  mine  of  historical  information, 
and  throw  a  flood  of  light  on  the  times 
in  which  he  lived.  Many  of  these  let- 
ters contain  references  to  Virginia. 
Knighted  in  September,  1610,  and  sent 


ambassador  to  Venice,  where  he  re- 
mained until  1615,  when  he  was  trans- 
ferred to  Savoy  ;  ambassador  to  the 
States  (xeneral  in  1616,  and  continued 
chieHy  in  this  employment  until  1628, 
except  that  in  the  year  1625  he  was  sent 
as  ambassador  extraordinary  to  the 
Court  of  France.  M.  P.  for  Hastings 
in  1626  ;  created  Baron  Carleton  of 
Imbercourt,  County  Surrey,  May  21, 
1626,  and  Viscount  Dorchester,  July 
25,  1628  ;  one  of  the  principal  sec- 
retaries of  state,  December  14,  1628, 
and  in  this  position  he  evidently  took 
great  interest  in  the  colonies,  as  papers 
still  remaining  amply  prove.  Gov- 
ernor Harvey  of  Virginia  constantly 
appealed  to  him.  He  was  a  member 
of  the  royal  commission  for  the  better 
plantation  of  Virginia,  June  27,  1631. 
He  died  February  15,  1632,  and  was 
buried  in  St.  Peter's,  Westminster. 
"  He  was  an  able  diplomatist  and  a 
polished  statesman  ;  a  master  of  dif- 
ferent languages  ;  a  good  ancient  and 
modern  historian  ;  and  was  esteemed 
a  graceful  and  eloquent  speaker." 

He  married,  first,  in  November.  1607, 
Anne,  step-daughter  of  Sir  Henry 
Saville,  and  daughter  and  co-heir  of 
George  Gerard,  Esq.,  second  son  of 
Sir  William  Gerard,  knight  of  Dorney, 
which  lady  accompanied  him  in  all  his 
travels,  as  is  expressed  in  her  epitaph 
in  Westminster  Abbey.  He  married, 
secondly,  in  1630,  Anne,  daughter  of 
Sir  Henry  Glenham,  and  widow  of 
Paul  Viscount  Bayning,  which  lady 
survived  him.  He  left  no  surviving 
issue  by  either  wife. 

Carlisle,  Earl  of.  — James  Hay. 

Carne,  Edward,  esquire,  2.  Sub. 
;  pd.  £37  10s.  Of  Nashe  Gla- 
morgan, eldest  son  of  William  Carne, 
Esq.  He  was  one  of  the  tellers  of  the 
Exchequer. 

Caron,  Sir  Noel  de.  "  He  was 
leger  ambassador  from  the  States  of 
the  Netherlands  to  the  English  Court, 
for  the  space  of  33  or  34  years,  in 
which  time  he  performed  that  place 
with  much  honor  and  good  to  his  own 
country  and  State  here.  He  died  at  his 
house  at  Lambeth,  December  1,  1624, 
and  was  buried  with  due  solemnity  iu 
the  chancel  of  the  church  there,  Janu- 
ary 25,  1625.  Archbishop  Abbot 
preached  his  funeral  sermon."  In 
1622  he  built  and  endowed,  in   Lam- 


8^6 


CARPENTER  —  CAVENDISH 


beth  parish,  seven  almsliouses  for  poor 
women,  "  and  thereby  bangs  a  tale." 

Carpenter,  Abraham.  Pd.  £12 
10s. 

Carpenter,  Thomas,  2.    Sub. ; 

pd.  £49  3s. 

Carpenter,  William,  2.    Sub. ; 

pd.  £37  10s.  Alderman's  deputy  of 
the  Ward  of  Portsoken  ;  married 
Alice,  daughter  of  Thomas  Carpenter 
(probably  the  above  Thomas)  of  the 
Home  in  Pembridge,  Com.  Hereford. 

Carr,  Sir  Edward,  3.     Sub. ; 

I)d.  £37  10s.  Of  Sleaford,  County 
Lincoln  ;  knighted  April  23,  1603  ; 
created  a  baronet,  1611 ;  died,  1619. 

Carr,  Robert,  Earl  of  Somerset. 
Knighted  December  23,  1607  ;  lord 
treasurer  of  Scotland,  1610  ;  Vis- 
count Rochester,  March  25,  1611  ; 
K.  Ct.  May,  1611  ;  privy  councilor, 
April,  1612  ;  Earl  of  Somerset,  No- 
vember 3,  1613  ;  married  Countess  of 
Essex,  December  26, 1613;  condemned 
to  death  for  murder  of  Sir  Thomas 
Overburv,  1616  ;  pardoned  and  re- 
leased, 1622  ;  died  July,  1645.  (See 
Gondomar. ) 

Carter,  Francis,  3.    Sub. ;  pd. 

.     He  was  an   officer  of  the  Va. 

Co.  of  London  and  a  very  large  share- 
holder in  Virginia  ;  in  1621  and  1622 
he  transferred  86  shares  to  39  per- 
sons. 

Carter,  Randall  (or  Randolph), 
tallow  chandler,  2.  Sub.  £37  10s.;  pd. 
£100.  He  died  prior  to  1620,  and  his 
e.xecutors  also  adventured  £25  in  addi- 
tion on  account  of  his  estate. 

Cartwright,  Abram,  draper,  2. 
Sub.  £37  10s.  ;  pd.  £75.  Member  of 
the  E.  I.  Co.  ;  on  the  Virginia  Com- 
mission of  July  15,  1624.  His  daugh- 
ter Frances  married  Samuel  Vassall, 
of  London.     (See  John  Vassall.) 

Carvil  —  Kervill,  etc.,  John,  2. 
Sub.  £37  10s.;  pd.  £75.  Barrister  at 
law  of  New  Monkton,  York,  and  of 
the  Middle  Temple ;  married,  prior  to 
1600,  Dorothy,  daughter  of  Robert 
Kav,  of  Woodsorae.  He  was  M.  P. 
for"  Aldborough  (York),  1621-22, 
1624-25,  1625,  and  1626. 

Carwarden  —  Carmarden,  Rich- 
ard,  esquire,  3.     Sub. ;  pd.   £25. 

He  was  the  surveyor  of  the  great  cus- 
toms to  King  Ciiarles  in  1034  ;  his  fa- 
ther, Richard  Carmarden,  of  London, 
was  surveyor  of  the  customs  to  (iueen 


Elizabeth.  Of  the  same  family,  I 
suppose,  as  Sir  Thomas  Carwardine, 
master  of  the  revels  to  Henry  VIII. 

Cassen  —  Cason,  John,  grocer,  2. 
Sub.  £37  10s.;  pd.  £50.  Married 
Margaret,  sister  to  Richard  Edwards; 
also  of  N.  W.  P.  and  E.  I.  companies. 

Caswell,  Richard,  baker,  2.  Sub. 
£37  10s.;  pd.  £1-5.  Of  St.  Swithin, 
London  ;  married,  in  1619,  Mary, 
daughter  of  Richard  Slany,  Esq. ;  on 
the  committee  of  the  Va.  Co.,  April  28, 
1619  ;  on  the  committee  in  charge  of 
the  two  Virginia  Maydes,  November 
15,  1620  ;  one  of  the  stewards  for  or- 
dering and  preparing  the  annual  sup- 
per of  the  Va.  Co.,  November,  1621 
and  1622;  treasurer  for  the  magazine 
of  provisions  sent  to  Virginia  in  July, 
1623.  He  informed  the  Archbishop 
of  Canterbury  of  the  non-conformity 
of  the  officers  and  others  in  the  Ber- 
mudas, for  which  he  was  suspended 
from  his  place  in  the  court  of  th#  S.  I. 
Co.,  November  27,  1639.  He  died 
1646. 

Cater  —  Catto,  "William,  2.     Sub. 

;  pd. .     A  citizen  of  London, 

who  lent  money  to  the  king  ;  member 
of  the  E.  I.  Co.;  in  1608  he  was  on 
the  committee  of  that  company.  In 
1609  he  lent  the  company  £1,000  at  9 
per  cent,  interest,  and  asked  to  be 
allowed  to  buy  carpets  in  the  Indies 
for  his  own  use;  also  of  N.  W.  P.  Co. 

Cavendish-Talbot,  "  Mary  Count- 
ess   of    Shrewsbury,"   3.       Sub. ; 

pd.  £50.  Wife  of  Gilbert  Talbot,  and 
sister  of  William  Lord  Cavendish. 

Cavendish,  Captain  Thomas. 
Of  Grimston  Hall  in  the  parish  of 
Trimley,  St.  Martin,  Suffolk  He  was 
probably  born  about  1555;  was  on  the 
voyage  to  Roanoke  (North  Carolina) 
in  1585.  He  sailed  around  the  world 
in  1580-88,  and  made  a  second  "at- 
tempte  to  do  the  like  "  in  1591,  but 
was  obliged  to  alter  his  course  and  re- 
turn for  England.  He  died  at  sea  in 
the  summer  of  1592,  and  was  buried 
in  the  Atlantic  Ocean  somewhere  near 
8°  N.  Lat. 

Cavendish,    William     Lord,     3. 

Sub. ;   pd.    £187    10s.     He    was 

the  second  son  of  Sir  William  Caven- 
dish by  his  third  wife,  Elizabeth, 
daughter  of  John  Hardwiek,  Esq. 
His  mother  was  a  noted  woman  for 
nearly    a    century    in    the    liistory    of 


CAVENDISH 


847 


England.  "  Bess  of  Hardwick  "  was 
born  about  1518  ;  at  the  age  of  four- 
teen years,  she  married  Robert  Bar- 
ley, Ksq.,  who  died  without  issue,  Feb- 
ruary 2,  lij3|.  "She  lived  a  widow 
a  considerable  time,  and  then  took  for 
her  second  husband  Sir  William  Cav- 
endish, who  died  in  1557,  having  had 
by  her  a  hopeful  number  of  sons  and 
daughters."  She  married,  thirdly.  Sir 
William  St.  Loe,  and  fourthly,  George 
Talbot,  Earl  of  Shrewsbury,  who  died 
November  18,  1.590  ;  but  she  had  is- 
sue by  her  second  husband  only.  She 
died  February  13,  IGO^,  immensely 
rich. 

Lodge  says,  "  She  was  a  woman  of 
a  masculine  understanding  and  con- 
duct ;  .  .  .  a  builder,  a  buyer,  and 
seller  of  estates,  a  money-lender,  a 
farmer,  and  a  merciiant  of  lead,  coals, 
and  timber.  .  .  .  She  lived  to  a  great 
old  age,  continually  flattered,  but 
seldom  deceived."  Her  second  son 
by  her  second  husband,  of  whom  I 
write,  was  probably  born  about  1550. 
M.  P.  for  Newport  in  Cornwall,  No- 
vember 12,  1588,  to  March  29,  1589  ; 
sheriff  of  Derbyshire,  1594-95  ;  cre- 
ated Baron  Cavendish  of  Hardwick, 
County  Derb}',  May  4,  1G05;  an  in- 
corporator of  the  N.  W.  P.  Co.,  July 
26,  1612. 

Collins  says,  "  His  lordship  was 
one  of  the  first  adventurers,  who  set- 
tled a  colony  and  plantation  in  Vir- 
ginia ;  and  on  tlie  first  discovery  of 
the  Bermudas  Island,  had  (with  the 
Earl  of  Northampton,  the  Earl  of 
Pembroke,  the  Lord  Paget,  the  Lord 
Harrington,  and  others)  a  grant  of 
them  from  the  king.  Wiiereupon,  in 
April,  1612,  they  sent  a  ship  thither, 
with  sixty  persons,  to  take  possession 
thereof,  who  were  followed  by  others, 
and  yearly  supplies,  which  soon  made 
them  a  flourishing  plantation.  The 
great  island  was  divided  into  eight 
cantons  or  provinces,  bearing  the  name 
of  eight  of  the  chief  proprietors, 
whereof  one  of  them  still  retains  the 
name  of  Cavendish. " 

He  was  one  of  the  incorporators  of 
the  Bermudas  Company,  June  29, 
1615.  Mr.  Henry  Cavendish,  liis  elder 
brother,  died  in  1(516,  "  without  lawf  nil 
yssue,  whereby  his  inheritance,  which 
is  esteemed  to  be  of  better  valew  then 
£4,000  by  the  yere,  is  fallen  uppon  the 


Lord  Cavendishe  ; "  "  who  thus  inher- 
ited the  whole  estate,  and  possessed 
three  of  the  finest  houses  in  England  : 
Chatsworth,  Hardwick,  and  Oldcotes, 
all  erected  by  his  celebrated  mother." 
"  He  was  declared  Earl  of  Devon- 
shire, on  August  2,  1618,  in  the  Bish- 
op's palace  at  Salisbury  ;  but  the  let- 
ters patent  bear  date  August  7,  1618." 
In  the  disputes  of  1623  in  the  Va.  Co. 
of  London,  he  sided  with  the  Sandys 
faction,  of  which  his  son,  the  Lord 
Cavendish,  was  a  leader.  He  died 
March  3,  162^,  and  was  buried  at 
Endsore,  near  Chatsworth,  where  a 
monument  is  erected  for  liiin.  His 
second  son  by  his  first  wife  (Anne, 
daughter  of  Henry  Kighley,  Esq. )  was 
"  Sir  William  Cavendish  Knight." 

Cavendish,  Sir  William.  Sub. 
— : — ;  pd.  £25.  Son  of  the  forego- 
ing; was  born  about  1589-90.  In  1608 
he  went  on  his  travels  into  France 
and  Italy,  under  the  tuition  of  Mr. 
Thomas  Hobbs,  and  on  his  return 
was  knighted  at  Whitehall,  March  7, 
160|  ;  and  by  the  policy  of  King 
James  was  married  to  Christian,  only 
daughter  to  his  great  favorite,  Ed- 
ward Lord  Bruce,  of  Kinlosse  in  Scot- 
land. The  king  gave  her  a  fortune 
of  £10,000,  and  requested  "that  Sir 
William  might  bear  up  the  port  of 
his  son;  which  mediation  proved  so  ef- 
fectual, that  the  Lord  Cavendish  did 
what  the  king  thought  reasonable." 
"  But  this  addition,"  says  Collins, 
"though  it  answered  the  king's,  yet  it 
did  not  rise  up  to  the  generosity  of 
the  son's  mind,  which  occasioned  his 
contracting  a  very  great  debt,  entei'ed 
into  by  an  excess  of  gallantry,  the  vice 
of  that  age,  which  he  too  much  in- 
dulged himself  in."  M.  C.  for  Va. 
Co.  He  succeeded  his  father  as  Lord 
Cavendish  in  August,  1618.  M.  P.  for 
Derby  in  1621;  governor  of  the  S.  I. 
Co.,  1622-23  ;  a  leading  member  of 
the  Sandys  faction  in  1623,  he  fre- 
quently presented  the  case  of  that  fac- 
tion to  King  James.  "  On  Wednesday 
(July  16, 1623)  at  the  Bermudas  Court, 
Sir  Edwin  Sandys  fell  foul  upon  the 
Earl  of  Warwick.  The  Lord  Ca.ven- 
dish  seconded  Sandys,  and  the  Earl 
told  the  Lord,  by  his  favour,  he  be- 
lieved he  lied.  Hereupon  it  is  said, 
they  rode  out  yesterday,  and,  as  it 
is  thought,  have  gone  beyond  sea  to 


848 


CAVENDISH  —  CECIL 


fight."  (Letter  to  Rev.  Joseph  Mead, 
July  18.)  On  the  19th  of  July  the 
Privy  Council  ordered  that  all  the 
ports  of  the  kingdom  should  be  care- 
fully watched  so  that  they  might  not 
cross  the  Channel.  July  26,  Cham- 
berlain wrote  to  Carletou  :  "  The  last 
week,  the  Earl  of  Warwick  and  Lord 
Cavendish  fell  so  foul  at  a  Virginia, 
or  Bermuda's  Court,  that  the  lie  passed 
and  repassed,  and  they  are  got  over  to 
trv  their  fortune;  yet  we  do  not  hear 
they  are  met  ;  so  that  there  is  hope 
they  may  return  safe.  In  the  mean- 
time, their  ladies  forget  not  their  old 
familiarity,  but  meet  daily,  to  lament 
their  misfortune."  "  In  a  few  days 
Cavendish  was  detected  and  arrested 
at  Shoreham  in  Essex  ;  but  War- 
wick, disguising  himself  as  a  merchant, 
reached  the  opposite  shore,  where  he 
was  taken  at  Ghent  early  in  August 
and  ordered  to  return  to  England." 

Lord  Cavendish  was  M.  P.  for  Derby 
again  in  1624,  1625,  and  1626. 

"  In  the  year  1625  Lord  Cavendish 
and  his  lady  waited  on  Charles  I.  to 
Canterbury,  by  his  royal  appointment, 
to  be  present  at  his  nuptials  with 
Mai'ia-Henrietta  (second  daughter  to 
Henry  IV.  of  France),  who  arrived  at 
Dover  on  May  13,  and  came  the  same 
night  to  Canterburj',  where  the  mar- 
riage was  consummated." 

He  succeeded  his  father  as  Earl  of 
Devonshire,  March  3, 1626,  and  died  at 
liis  house  near  Bishopsgate  in  London 
on  June  20,  1628. 

This  earl  was  a  great  speaker 
in  both  houses  of  Parliament.  Mr. 
Hobbs,  who  had  lived  with  him  for 
20  years  (1608-28)  held  him  up  as  a 
pattern  to  his  son. 

His  widow,  Christian,  Countess  of 
Devonshire,  who  survived  him  nearly 
47  years,  dying  January  16,  167|,  was 
a  woman  of  considerable  celebrity, 
the  patroness  of  the  wits  of  that  age, 
and  a  zealous  royalist. 

His  daughter  Anne  married  Robert, 
the  eldest  son  of  his  old  opponent, 
Robert  Rich,  Earl  of  Warwick. 

Cecil,  Sir  Edward,  2.  Sub.  £75; 
pd.  £25.  Third  son  of  Thomas  Cecil, 
first  Earl  of  Exeter,  by  his  first  wife, 
Dorothy,  daughter  of  John  Neville, 
"  Lord  Latymer."  He  was  born  Feb- 
ruary 29,  157|,  and  entered  service  in 
the  Low  Country  wars  in  1599,  where 


"  he  passed  the  degrees  of  Captaine 
of  foote  and  hotse;  Colouell  of  foote, 
and  served  with  great  distinction  as 
Collonell  of  the  English  horse  at  the 
battle  of  Nieuport  in  Flanders  anno 
1600."  At  Ostend  in  July,  1601  ; 
knighted  by  Elizabeth  September, 
1601  ;  M.  P.  for  Aldborough  in  1601  ; 
granted  the  keepership  of  Mortlake 
Park  for  life  in  1603.  In  active  ser- 
vice in  the  wars  in  the  Low  Countries, 
1602-05;  M.  C.  for  Va.  Co.,  May  23, 
1609;  March,  1610,  appointed  by  King 
James  to  command  the  English  forces 
employed  in  the  war  about  the  succes- 
sion to  the  deceased  Duke  of  Cleves  ; 
served  at  the  siege  of  Juliers,  July  ^  ? 
to  August  ||.  In  1612  he  acted  for 
Henry,  Prince  of  Wales,  as  sponsor  to 
the  child  of  Count  Ernest  of  Nassau. 
"  He  followed  the  Warres  in  the 
Netherlands  35  years."  M.  P.  for 
Chichester  in  1614.  In  1620  he  was 
consulted  by  the  Virginia  Company  re- 
garding the  fortifying  of  Virginia  ; 
M.  P.  for  Chichester  in  1621-22,  in 
which  Parliament  "  they  say  he  made 
a  brave  speech  concerning  the  de- 
fenses of  England  ;  "  M.  P.  for  Dover 
in  1624-25.  He  was  admiral  and  lord 
marshal,  lieutenant-general  and  gen- 
eral of  the  expedition  sent  by  King 
James  and  King  Charles  against  the 
King  of  Spain  and  Emperor,  which 
finally  sailed  for  Spain,  October  1, 
1625  ;  created  Baron  Cecil  of  Putney, 
November  9, 1625,  and  Viscount  Wim- 
bledon, July  25,  1626.  He  was  also 
"a  Counsellor  of  State  and  Warre, 
and  Lord  Lieutenant  of  the  County  of 
Surry,  and  Captain  and  Governour  of 
Portsmouth." 

In  August,  1636,  he  wrote  two  let- 
ters from  Portsmouth  to  Secretary 
Windebank,  in  which  "  he  blames 
Governor  Harvey  for  his  delays  in 
sailing  to  Virginia."  He  died  at 
Wimbledon  November  16,  1638,  and 
lies  buried  in  the  parish  clmrch  there, 
under  a  tomb  on  which  a  brief  outline 
of  his  life  is  inscribed. 

He  was  one  of  the  most  famous 
generals  of  his  time,  though  he  lost 
some  reputation  by  the  miscarriage  of 
the  expedition  to  Cadiz  in  1625,  in 
which  he  commanded.  He  wrote  a 
short  defense  of  his  conduct  on  this 
occasion  which  was  printed  in  1627, 
and  two  short  tracts  on  military  affairs, 


CECIL 


849 


which  remain  in  MS.  in  the  British  Mu- 
seum. 

He  was  thrice  married,  but  left  no 
male  issue.  He  mairied,  first,  Theo- 
(losia,  a  daughter  of  Sir  Andrew  Noel; 
secondly,  February  27,  1617,  Diana, 
daughter  of  Sir  William  Drury  (who 
"  after  the  death  of  her  brother,  Sir 
Robert  Drury,"  says  Chamberhiin, 
"became  a  good  marriage  worth  £10,- 
000  or  £12,000");  and,  thirdly,  So- 
phia, daughter  of  Sir  P>lward  Zouehe. 

Cecil,  Robert,  Earl  of  Salisbury, 
2.  Sub. ;  pd.  £3.'}.'>  6s.  8d.;  con- 
tributed £333  6s.  8d.  (.'$8,000)  to  tlie 
V;i.  Co.  and  was  the  constant  and  faith- 
ful friend  of  the  Virginia  enterprise  ; 
"  The  little  beagle  "  of  James  I.  He 
was  the  son  of  Lord  Treasurer  Burgh- 
ley  by  his  second  wife,  Mildred,  daugh- 
ter of  Sir  Anthony  Coke,  or  Cooke,  of 
(ridea  Hall  in  Essex;  born  June  1, 
1560  ;  educated  at  home  and  at  Cam- 
bridge ;  M.  P.  for  Westminster,  1586- 
87;  served  against  the  Spanish  Armada 
in  1588;  knighted  in  June,  1591;  privy 
councilor,  August,  1591;  spoke  against 
Ralegh,  and  in  defense  of  aliens  in 
1593  ;  one  of  the  principal  secretaries 
of  state,  1596;  chancellor  of  the  Duchy 
of  Lancaster,  and  keeper  of  the  privy 
seal,  1597.  He  was  the  chief  commis- 
sioner on  the  part  of  England  in  the 
treaty  between  France  and  Spain,  at 
Vervins  in  1598.  "  He  succeeded  his 
father,  who  died  in  the  autumn  of  that 
year,  in  the  post  of  master  of  the  wards ; 
and  in  his  office  of  secretary  exercised 
in  fact  that  of  prime  minister  for  the 
remaining  five  years  of  tlie  queen's  life, 
with  as  full  a  share  of  her  favor  and 
confidence  as  slie  had  at  any  time  be- 
stowed on  liis  illustrious  natural  and 
political  predecessor.  No  one  among 
her  ministers  but  himself  could  have 
supplied  the  loss  of  Walsiughara,  who 
furnished  her  with  the  means  of  con- 
trolling foreign  powers  through  intel- 
ligence gained  in  their  own  courts. 
Cecil  even  rivaled  him  in  this  dark 
faculty."  (Lodge.)  He  was  the  sole 
secretary  of  state  to  James  I.  from 
1603  to  his  death  in  1612  ;  created 
Baron  Cecil  of  Essingden,  May  13, 
1603  ;  Viscount  Cranbourne,  August 
20,  1604  ;  Earl  of  Salisbury,  May  4, 
1605  ;  Chancellor  of  the  University  of 
Oxford  ;  Knight  of  the  Garter,  May, 
1606;  lord  high  treasurer,  May  4, 1608. 


He  died  of  pulmonary  consumption  at 
Marlborough,  May  24,  1612,  and  was 
buried  in  the  parish  church  of  his 
princely  seat  of  Hatfield  in  Herts.  He 
married  Elizabetli,  daugliter  of  Wil- 
liam Brook,  Lord  Cobliam,  by  whom 
he  had  one  son,  William,  his  successor, 
lineal  ancestor  of  the  present  Marquis 
of  Salisbury. 

In  1603  Sir  Robert  Cecil  wrote  as 
follows  to  Sir  James  Harington  : 
"Good  Knight  rest  content,  and  give 
heed  to  one  that  hath  sori'owed  in  the 
bright  lustre  of  a  Court  and  gone 
heavily  on  even  the  best-seeming  fair 
ground.  'Tis  a  great  task  to  prove 
one's  honesty  and  yet  not  mar  one's 
fortune.  You  have  tasted  a  little 
thereof  in  our  blessed  Queen's  time, 
who  was  more  than  a  man,  and,  in 
truth,  sometimes  less  than  a  woman. 
I  wish  I  waited  now  in  your  presence- 
chamber,  with  ease  at  my  food  and 
rest  in  my  bed.  I  am  pnslied  from 
the  shore  of  comfort,  and  know  not 
where  the  winds  and  waves  of  a  court 
will  bear  me.  I  know  it  bringeth  little 
comfort  on  Earth;  and  he  is,  I  reckon, 
no  wise  man  that  looketh  this  way  to 
heaven." 

Thomas  Sackville,  Earl  of  Dorset, 
who  died  in  April,  1608  (who  had  been 
long  intimate  with  Cecil),  in  his  last 
will,  solemnly  records,  "  with  the  ut- 
most warmth  of  expression,"  Cecil's 
many  public  and  private  virtues,  be- 
cause as  he  says,  "  I  am  desirous  to 
leave  some  faithful  remembrance  in 
this  my  last  Will  and  Testament ;  that 
since  the  living  speech  of  my  tongue 
when  I  am  gone  from  hence  nmst  then 
cease  and  speak  no  more,  that  yet  the 
living  speech  of  my  pen,  which  never 
dieth,  may  herein  thus  forever  truly 
testify  and  declare  the  same." 

After  Salisbury's  death  Digby  wrote 
from  Madrid  to  King  James  :  "  Ve- 
lasco  .  .  .  writeth,  in  his  Letters  of 
April  14,  1612,  that  there  is  arrived 
a  Secretarj'^  from  Florence  who  .  .  . 
hath  made  promises  of  100,000  crowns 
to  Beltenebras  [«'.  e.  Salisbury]  in  case 
he  procure  the  efl^ecting  of  the  mar- 
riage."' And  again  on  September  9, 
1613,  Digby  wrote  to  King  James : 
"  I  conceive  your  Majesty  will  think 
it  strange  that  your  late  High  Treas- 
urer and  Chief  Secretary,  the  Earl  of 
Salisbury  (besides  the  Ayudas  de  costa, 


850 


CECIL 


as  they  term  tliem,  —  which  are  gifts 
extraordinra'y  upon  services)  should 
receive  G,OUO  crowns  yearly  pension 
from  the  King  of  Spain."  But  when 
Digby  made  these  charges  Salisbury 
was  dead,  and  it  may  be  remembered 
that  it  is  said  that  Digby's  own  hand 
sometimes  felt  the  roughness  of  a 
Spanish  dollar.  I  will  not  enter  into 
these  controversies.  If  the  accounts 
of  the  time  are  to  be  relied  on,  the 
Duke  of  Lerraa  made  the  Court  of 
Spain  a  market  in  which  nothing  could 
be  done  without  the  medium  of  money, 
—  state  affairs  were  for  trade  and  bar- 
ter. Lerma  expected  to  receive  money 
for  himself  from  others,  and  was  lib- 
eral in  bestowing  the  money  of  Spain; 
but  it  is  not  in  evidence  that  Spain  al- 
ways received  compensation  therefor, 
(See  Gardiner's  "  Hist.  England,"  i. 
pp.  215,  216.) 


Cecil,  Thomas,  Earl  of  Exeter,  2. 

Sub. ;   pd.  £220.     The  only  son 

of  the  first  Lord  Burghley  by  his  first 
wife  Mary,  daughter  of  Peter  Cheke, 
and  sister  of  the  noted  Sir  John  Cheke, 
tutor  to  Edward  VI.  ;  born  May  5, 
1542  ;  traveling  in  Europe  with  his 
tutor,  Thomas  Windebank,  in  1560-62; 
M.  P.  for  Stamford  in  Lincolnshire  in 
1563,  and  also  in  two  other  Parlia- 
ments of  Elizabeth's  reign.  In  1573 
he  served  with  distinction  as  a  vol- 
unteer in  the  expedition  into  Scotland 
under  Sir  William  Drury,  in  aid  of 
the  Earl  of  Murray,  the  regent  of  the 
young  King  of  Scots,  when  the  castle 
of  Edinburgh  was  besieged  and  taken. 
In  July,  1575,  waiting  on  Queen  Eliza- 
beth at  Kenil  worth  Castle  in  Warwick- 
shire, when  she  was  entertained  by  the 
I^arl  of  Leicester  with  all  princely 
pleasures,  her  majesty  at  that  time 
conferred  on  him  the  honor  of  knight- 
liood.  In  1581  he  was  one  of  those 
illustrious  gallants  wlio  entertained 
Francis  of  Valois,  Duke  of  Alanson, 
heir  presumptive  of  France,  and  broth- 
er to  the  Frencli  King,  then  in  Eng- 
land as  a  suitor  to  Queen  Elizabeth, 


and  gained  honor  in  the  justs,  barriers, 
and  tourney  performed  on  that  occa- 
sion. He  also  distinguished  himself 
in  the  wars  of  the  Low  Countries,  and 
was,  in  November,  1585,  made  gov- 
ernor of  the  Brielle,  one  of  the  cau- 
tionary towns  which  the  states  of 
Holland  pledged  to  Queen  Elizabeth. 
In  September,  1586,  he  fought  as  a 
volunteer  at  Doesburg,  and  resigned 
his  command  of  the  Brielle  late  in 
1587. 

In  1585  he  was  chosen  a  member  of 
Parliament  for  the  county  of  Lincoln, 
and  was  also  in  another  Parlianient  for 
that  county.  In  1588  he  was  a  vol- 
unteer on  board  the  fleet  which  for  six 
days  maintained  many  sharp  fights  and 
fierce  assaults  with  the  Spanish  Ar- 
mada, and  at  length  forced  them  to  fly. 
M.  P.  for  Northamptonshire  in  1593. 
In  1598,  at  the  funeral  of  his  father, 
the  Lord  Burleigh,  on  August  29,  he 
was  chief  mourner,  and  by  her  maj- 
esty's order  mourned  as  an  earl,  being 
at  that  time  in  the  57th  year  of  his 
age.  Warden  of  Rockingham  i^orest 
and  constable  of  the  castle  there  for 
life  in  1599  ;  one  of  the  commanders 
against  Essex  in  February,  1601. 
"  He  was  elected  one  of  the  Knights- 
Companions  of  the  Most  Noble  Order 
of  the  Garter,  and  installed  at  Wind- 
sor, May  26,  1601."     (Collins.) 

On  the  accession  of  King  James  to 
the  throne  in  1603,  he  was  sworn  of 
the  Privy  Council  at  the  Charter- 
House,  May  10,  1603,  the  fourth  day 
after  his  majesty's  arrival  in  London, 
and  was  constituted  lord  lieutenant 
of  the  county  of  Northampton.  And 
his  majesty,  in  consideration  of  his 
great  merits  and  services,  created  him 
Earl  of  Exeter,  May  4,  1605.  M.  C. 
for  Va.  Co.,  May  23, 1609.  The  meet- 
ings of  the  managers  of  this  company 
were  sometimes  held  at  his  house  in 
London,  facing  the  Strand.  The  old 
Lord  Burleigh  died  in  this  house  in 
1598.  He  called  it  Burleigh  House, 
and  when  in  London  i-esided  there, 
and  was  visited  there  by  Queen  F21iza- 
beth.  Pennant  says  it  was  "  a  noble 
pile,  built  with  brick,  and  adorned 
with  four  square  turrets."  It  was  af- 
terwards known  as  Exeter  House,  and 
was  still  existing  in  1826  as  Exeter 
'Change  Royal  Menagerie,  and  adorned 
with   the    sign   of    "  Edward    Cross, 


EDMOND  SHEFFIELD 
First  Earl  of  Mul^rai;- 


CECIL 


851 


Dealer  in  Foreign  Birds  and  Beasts." 
It  was  pulled  down  in  1830,  and  the 
Lyceum  Theatre,  Wellington  Street, 
•stands  on  part  of  the  site. 

The  Earl  of  Exeter  was  now  grow- 
ing old  ;  but  during  the  remainder  of 
his  life  he  continued  in  many  noble 
employments.  In  1617  he  was  trou- 
bled by  the  disagreement  between  his 
daughter,  the  Lady  Hatton,  and  her 
liusband.  Lord  Chief  Justice  Coke, 
and  in  1618  by  the  scandalous  sfjuab- 
ble  between  his  grandson,  Lord  Koos, 
and  his  wfe  and  her  father,  Sir 
Thomas  Lake.  And  he  seems,  to- 
wards the  conclusion  of  his  life,  to 
have  taken  up  an  inclination  to  church- 
government,  for  in  1618  he  accepted  a 
nomination,  with  others,  to  proceed 
against  Jesuits  and  Seminary  priests, 
with  authority  to  banish  them  from  the 
realm  ;  and  in  16::0  was  joined  with 
the  Archbishop  of  Canterbury  in  a 
special  ecclesiastical  commission  for 
that  province,  and  towards  the  end  of 
the  same  year,  in  another  for  that  of 
York.  He  left  some  proofs  too,  not 
only  of  a  charitable  disposition,  but 
of  an  affection  to  learning,  for  he 
founded  and  endowed  a  hospital  at 
Liddington  in  Rutlandshire  for  a  ward- 
en, twelve  poor  men  and  two  women, 
and  gave  an  estate  to  Clare  Hall  in 
Cambridge  for  the  maintenance  of 
three  fellows  and  eight  scholars. 

He  died  February  7,  1622,  in  his 
80th  year,  and  was  buried  in  the 
chapel  of  St.  John  the  Baptist  in 
Westminster  Abbey,  where  a  magnifi- 
cent monument  remains  to  his  meinox"y. 

He  married,  first,  Dorothy,  daugh- 
ter and  co-lieir  of  John  Lord  Latimer, 
by  whom  he  had  five  sons  and  eight 
daughters.  Of  the  sons,  William,  the 
eldest  (see  hereafter)  ;  Richard,  the 
second  son,  married  a  daughter  of  Sir 
Anthony  Cope,  and  the  present  Mar- 
quis of  Exeter  descends  from  them  ; 
Edward,  the  third  son,  of  whom  I  have 
written  ;  Thomas,  the  fifth  son,  mar- 
ried Anne,  daughter  of  Sir  Robert  Lee, 
mayor  of  London  ;  ilary,  the  foui  th 
daughter,  married  Edward  Lord 
Denny;  Elizabeth,  the  sixth  daughter, 
married,  first.  Sir  William  Newport 
alian  Hatton  (heir  to  Sir  Christopher 
Hatton),  and  secondly,  Sir  Edward 
Coke,  the  lord  chief  justice.  Dorothy, 
the    seventh    daughter,    married    Sir 


Giles  Alington,  and  Frances,  the 
eighth,  married  Nicholas  Tuftou,  Earl 
of  Thanet. 

The  P^arl  of  Exeter  married,  sec- 
ondly, Frances,  eldest  daughter  of 
William  Brydges,  fourth  Lord  Chan- 
dos,  and  widow  of  Sir  Thomas  Smith 
of  Parson's  Green.  She  was  the  sis- 
ter of  Grey  Brydges,  fifth  Lord  Chan- 
dos. 

Cecil,  Captain  William.  Eldest 
son  of  Thomas,  Earl  of  Exeter  ;  with 
Drake  1585-86  ;  father  of  William 
Lord  Roos.  At  the  death  of  his  father 
in  1622  he  succeeded  as  second  Earl 
of  r^xeter,  and  died  in  1640. 

Cecil,  William,  Lord  Burleigh. 
He  was  born  at  Bourne,  Lincolnshire, 
September  13,  ISlO  ;  master  of  re- 
quests to  the  Protector  Somerset,  1517; 
at  the  battle  of  Musselburgh,  Septem- 
ber 10,  1547  ;  secretary  of  state, 
1548  ;  committed  to  the  Tower,  1549; 
restored  to  office,  October,  1551  ; 
kniglit  and  member  of  Privy  Council, 
1551  ;  resigns  office,  1553 ;  M.  P., 
Lincolnshire,  1555  ;  secretary  of  state; 
privy  councilor,  1558  ;  patron  of  the 
trade  to  Russia  ;  master  of  the  wards, 
1561  ;  interested  in  Capt.  John  Haw- 
kins's voyages,  1564-68  ;  Baron  Bur- 
leigh, 1571  ;  Knight  of  the  (iarter, 
1572  ;  lord  high  treasurer,  July  15, 
1572  ;  interested  in  Frobisher's  voy- 
ages, 1576-78,  and  Feuton's,  1582-83; 
died  May  4,  1598. 

He  was  a  truly  great  man.  The 
church  and  state  of  England  prob- 
ably owe  as  much  to  him  as  they  do  to 
any  man.  His  biography  would  be 
almost  a  history  of  the  time  in  which 
he  lived.  He  patronized  all  the  Eng- 
lish voyages  for  discovery,  etc.  He 
married,  first.  May  8,  1541,  ^lary, 
daughter  of  John  Cheke,  who  bore 
him  an  only  child,  Thomas  (whom 
see),  and  died  February  22, 154|.  He 
married,  secondly,  December  21,  1545, 
Mildred,  daughter  of  Sir  Anthony 
Cooke.  She  was  the  mother  of  Robert 
(whom  see). 

Cecil,  William,    Lord    Cianborne, 

3.     Sub. ;  pd.  £25.     Onlv  son  of 

Robert,  Earl  of  Salisbury.  In  1600 
he  was  at  Sherborne,  pursuing  his 
studies  under  Ralegh's  guidance  ; 
married,  in  December,  1008,  Cather- 
ine, youngest  daughter  of  Thomas 
Howard,  Earl   of    Suffolk  ;    aided   in 


852 


CHADERTON  —  CHAMBERLAIN 


sending  out  Hudson  to  the  Northwest 
in  1610  ;  succeeded  his  father  as  sec- 
ond Earl  of  Salisbury  in  1612.  Ralegh 
dedicated  his  "  Brief  History  of  Eng- 
land "  to  him  ;  May  28,  1619,  passed 
to  Captain  Brett  two  shares  of  land  in 
Virginia.  One  of  his  Majesty's  Coun- 
cil for  New  England,  November  3, 
1620;  Knight  of  the  Garter,  December 
Ll,  1624  ;  served  King  Charles  I.  as 
an  ambassador  extraordinary  to  the 
Court  of  France;  sat  in  the  Long  Par- 
liament during  the  interregnum.  Died 
December  3,  1668,  and  was  succeeded 
by  his  grandson. 

Chaderton  (or  Chatterton),  Dr. 
Laurence.  His  wife  was  aunt  to 
Rev.  Alexander  Whitaker  of  Vir- 
ginia (see  under  Dr.  William  Whit- 
aker). He  is  said  to  have  been 
born  in  1536  ;  was  master  of  Emman- 
uel College,  Cambridge,  1584-1622  ; 
took  part  in  the  Hampton  Confer- 
ence, 1604  ;  employed  on  the  Author- 
ized Version  of  the  Bible,  1607-1611. 
He  died  November  13,  1640,  aged 
104(?).  He  is  classed  among  the  Pu- 
ritan divines.  He  joined  the  Va.  Co. 
soon  after  1612.  "  On  Feb'y  12,  161? 
renouncing  all  Prizes  by  ye  Lottery  he 
had  a  Bill  of  Adventure  of  £12  10s. 
granted  him  in  Virginia."  His  dauglv- 
ter  Elizabeth  was  the  second  wife  of 
Abraham  Johnson,  whose  son,  Isaac 
Johnson  (by  his  first  wife),  went  to 
New  England. 

Chaloner,   Sir  Thomas,  2.     Sub. 

;   pd. .     "  Son  of  Sir  Thomas 

Chaloner  the  elder,  of  Gisborough  in 
Yorkshire  and  of  Steeple  Claydon  in 
Bucks,  an  eminent  scholar,  poet,  and 
statesman  in  the  reigns  of  Edward 
VI.,  Mary,  and  Elizabeth;  ambassador 
to  Spain  in  1561,"  etc.  He  was  born 
'  in  1.5.59  ;  educated  first  at  St.  Paul's 
School,  and  then  at  Magdalen  College, 
Oxford.  About  1584  he  addi-essed 
"  A  Shorte  Discourse  of  the  most  rare 
and  excellent  vertue  of  Nitre  : "  etc., 
"  from  tlie  Isle  of  Lamby  on  the  East 
coast  of  Ireland,  to  his  cousin  John 
Napper,  Apothecary,  at  the  sign  of  the 
Ewe  and  Lamb,  over  against  Soper 
Lane  end  in  cheapside,"  which  was 
"  Imprinted  at  London  by  Gerald 
Dewes  in  1584." 

I\I.  P.  for  St.  Mawes  in  1586  ; 
kniglited  by  Henry  IV.  in  the  wars  of 
France  in  1591  ;  traveling  in  Italy  in 


1596  and  1597,  "  and  several  of  his 
letters  to  the  Earl  of  Essex  and  Mr. 
Anthony  Bacon  written  at  this  time 
may  be  found  in  Dr.  Birch's  Memoirs 
of  Elizabeth."  August  9,  1603,  he 
was  appointed  by  James  I.  to  have  the 
charge  of  the  person  and  household 
of  Prince  Henry.  On  August  17, 
1603,  he  was  appointed  tutor  to  the 
prince,  and  James  I.  presented  him 
with  £4,000  "as  a  free  gift."  His 
first  wife  died  June  22,  1603,  and  he 
afterwards  married  Judith,  daughter 
of  William  Blunt,  esquire,  of  London, 
and  sister  to  Sir  Thomas  Smith's  wife. 
June  10,  1604,  he  accompanied  Sir 
Thomas  Smith  to  the  Court  of  James 
I.,  when  he  was  about  to  leave  on  his 
embassy  to  Russia;  and,  according  to 
some  accounts,  he  went  with  Smith  on 
that  embassy.  M.  P.  for  Lostwithiel, 
1604-11.  He  discovered  the  alum 
mines  in  Yorkshire  about  1600,  for 
which  he  was  afterwards  granted  a 
pension  of  40  marks  per  annum,  and 
brought  its  manufacture  to  perfection 
near  Whitby  in  IGOS.  M.  C.  for  Va., 
March  7,  1607  ;  M.  C.  for  Va.  Co., 
May  -3,  1609.  He  became  chamber- 
lain to  Prince  Henry  wJien  he  was 
created  Prince  of  Wales  in  1610  ; 
July  26,  1612,  an  incorporator  of  the 
N.  W.  P.  Co.  ;  August  28,  1613,  was 
one  of  those  who  received  a  grant  for 
"  all  that  part  of  Guiana  or  continent 
of  America  between  the  rivers  Ama- 
zon and  Dollesquebe."  He  died  No- 
vember 18,  1615,  and  is  buried  in  the 
church  at  Chiswick  in  IMiddlesex. 
"This  able  and  upright  governor  of 
Henrj'  Prince  of  Wales  lay  under  some 
suspicion  of  puritanism." 

Chambers,  George,  fishmonger. 
Pd.  £12  10s. 

Chamberlaine,  Abraham,  mer- 
chant, 2.  Sub.  £37  10s.;  pd.  £112 
10s.  He  was  a  Huguenot  ;  was  first 
cousin  to  the  celel)rated  Dr.  Peter 
Chamberlayne;  married,  in  1594,  Hes- 
ter (born  in  1576),  daughter  of  Thomas 
Purpillian  (Papillon)  of  the  bedcham- 
ber to  King  Henry  IV.  of  France; 
aided  in  sending  out  Hudson  in  1610; 
was  a  member  of  the  Va.,  E.  I.,  N. 
W.  P.,  S.  I.,  and  Providence  (Baha- 
mas) Island  companies.  He  died  in 
August,  16.")1. 

Chamberlain,  George,  ironmon- 
ger, 3.     Sub.  £37  10s.;  pd. .     Of 


CHAMBERLAIN  —  CHERRY 


853 


St.  Mai-y,  Alderinanbnrv,  London  ;  of 
tlie  E.  I.,  Va.,  N.  W.'r.,  and  S.  L 
tonipauies  ;  a  brother  of  fJobn  Cham- 
berlain (the  next).  He  died  in  161G  ; 
a  benefactor  of  the  Ironmongers,  and 
of  Christ's,  St.  Thomas's,  and  St.  Bar- 
tholomew's Hospitals.  He  mari'ied, 
in  1G04,  Anne,  daughter  of  Laurence 
Overton,  and  niece  of  Sir  John  Mer- 
rick, the  ambassador  to  Muscovy. 

Chamberlain,  John.  Son  of 
Alderman  Richard  Chamberlain  (sher- 
iff of  London  in  loGl)  by  his  first 
wife,  Aime,  daughter  of  Robert  and 
Margery  Downes  of  Yalding  in  Kent; 
baptized  at  St.  Olave's  in  the  Old 
Jewry,  January  15,  loof  ;  educated  at 
Cambridge  ;  made  a  voyage  to  Ire- 
land, 1597;  a  journey  to  Venice,  1610- 
1(511  ;  was  of  the  Court  of  Wards. 
The  Horace  Walpole  of  his  day,  wrote 
many  newsy  letters  temp.  Elizabeth, 
James  I.,  and  Charles  I.  He  was 
buried  at  St.  Olave's  in  the  Old  Jewry, 
March  20,  1627. 

An  abstract  of  his  will,  wfitten  June 
18, 1627,  is  given  in  the  "  N.  E.  Regis- 
ter," January,  1889,  pp.  89-91. 

He  was  brother  to  the  foregoing 
George  and  to  cue  of  the  following 
Richards. 

Chamberlain,  Richard,  ironmon- 
ger, 2.  Sub.  £37  10s.  ;  pd.  £150. 
M.  C.  for  Va.  Co. 

Chamberlain,    Richard,    3.     Sub. 

;  pd.  .       (Two  of   the  name 

were  members  pf  the  Va.  Co.  and  it  is 
frequently  impossible  to  tell  the  one 
from  the  other.) 

Chamberlain,  Robert.    Sub. ; 

pd.  £100. 

Champion,  Richard,  merchant,  2. 

Sub. ;  pd.  £37  10s.     Of  the  V,.  L 

and  N.  W.  P.  companies. 

Ralegh's  wife  was  under  his  charge 
for  a  time  in  1618. 

Champlaine,  Samuel  de,  27.  Of 
Brouage;  born  1567;  died  1635;  found- 
er and  governor  of  Quebec;  explored 
our  New  England  coast  in  1604-05. 

Chandler,    George,  2.     Sub. ; 

pd. .     Of  the  E.  I.  and  N.  W.  P. 

companies. 

Chandos,  Lord.  — Grey  Brydges. 

Chanoyes,  Shanois.  Capt.  John 
Smith  writes  :  "  I  was  more  beholden 
to  the  French  men  that  escaped  drown- 
ing in  the  man  of  Warre,  Madaui 
Chanoyes  at   Rotchell,  and  the   Law- 


yers of  Burdeaux,  then  all  the  rest  of 
mil  fonntr//-men  I  met  in  France." 

Chapman,  George,  the  poet,  dram- 
atist, translator.  Born  1559  ;  died 
May  12,  1634  ;  buried  in  St.  Giles-in- 
the-Ficlds,  London. 

Charatza  Tragabigzanda.  Smith 
tells  us  that  when  he  was  taken  pris- 
oner, he  fell  to  the  share  of  Basliaw 
Bogall,  who  sent  him  to  Constantino- 
ple to  his  fair  mistress  for  a  slave, 
they  marched  in  chains  to  this  great 
city  where  he  was  delivered  to  the 
young  Charatza  Ti'agabigzanda,  who 
sent  him  to  her  brother  in  Tartary; 
"there  but  to  sojourne  to  learn  the 
language,  and  what  it  was  to  be  a 
Turke,  till  time  made  her  Master  of 
herself e."  He  had  only  her  love  to 
cheer  him  in  his  captivity ;  but  he 
finally  killed  her  brother,  and  escaped, 
and  never  saw  his  young  love  again. 
She  was  not  forgotten,  however,  and 
he  afterwards  named  a  cape  on  his 
map  of  New  England  for  her,  which 
name  Prince  Charles  changed  to  Cape 
Ann. 

Charles  V.,  emperor.  Born  at 
Ghent,  February  24,  1500  ;  died  Sep- 
tember 21,  1558. 

Charles,  Prince.  —  Charles  Stuart. 

Cheeke,  Sir  Hatton,  2.    Sub. ; 

pd. .     Grandson  of  the  celebrated 

Sir  John  Cheeke  ;  was  killed  in  a  duel 
by  Sir  Thomas  Dalton  in  1610. 

Cheeke,  Sir  Thomas.  Of  Pirgo, 
Essex  ;  grandson  of  the  celebrated  Sir 
John  Cheeke,  tutor  to  King  Edward 
VI.,  and  eldest  son  of  Henrj^  Cheke 
by  Frances,  daughter  of  Sir  Humphrey 
Ratcliffe.  He  was  knighted  May  7, 
1603.  His  first  wife,  the  daughter  of 
Peter  Osborne,  Esq.,  died  without  is- 
sue in  February,  1615,  and  he  after- 
wards married  Essex,  daughter  of 
Robert  Rich,  first  Earl  of  Warwick  ; 
M.  C.  for  Va.  Co.,  1612-20  ;  M.  P.  for 
Harwich,  1621-22  ;  for  Essex,  1624- 
25  and  1625  ;  for  Maiden,  1626  ;  for 
Colchester,  1628-29  ;  for  Harwich, 
1640  and  1640-53;  died  March  25, 
1659. 

Cherry,  Sir  Francis,  merchant  and 
vintner.  Of  a  Huguenot  family,  the 
De  Cheries  of  Picardy  and  Normandy; 
Queen  Elizabeth's  ambassador  to  Rus- 
sia in  1598;  a  leading  man  in  the  Mus- 
covy and  E.  I.  companies  ;  knighted 
at  Chatham,  July  4,  1604.     The  date 


854 


CHESTER  —  CLARKE 


of  his  death  is  not  known  to  me.  His 
first  wife,  Margaret,  died  "  of  her 
twelfth  child "  in  1595.  His  second 
wife,  Elizabeth,  was  a  widow  in  1613. 
Of  his  daughters,  Frances  married  Sir 
John  Merrick,  Rebecca  married  Robert 
Fenne  the  younger,  and  Elizabeth  was 
the  first  wife  of  Sir  William  Russell, 
whose  ships  carried  the  first  colony  to 
Virginia. 

Chester,  Sir  William,  merchant, 
draper.  Of  the  Muscovy  Company  ; 
M.  P.;  alderman,  1553  ;  sherifi',  1554; 
knighted,  1556  ;  lord  mayor,  1560  ; 
interested  in  Capt.  John  Hawkins' 
voyages,  1564-68.  The  martyr,  Law- 
rence Saunders,  was  an  apprentice  of 
his. 

Chester,  -William.     Pd.  £12  10s. 

Chicheley,  Clement,  2.  Sub. ; 

pd.  £:-5. 

Chichester,  Captain  Arthur. 
Born  in  May,  1563;  educated  at  Ox- 
ford ;  served  against  the  Armada, 
1588  ;  in  the  American  vovage,  1595  ; 
Cadiz,  1596;  iu  Picardy,  1597  ;  at  Os- 
tend,  1598;  in  Ireland,  1599,  and  after, 
as  lord  deputy,  etc.;  created  Lord  Chi- 
chester of  Belfast,  February  '.i3,  1613; 
sent  to  the  Palatinate,  spring,  1622; 
member  of  the  English  Privy  Council, 
December  31,  1622;  of  the  council  of 
war  (on  the  projected  war  with  Spain), 
April  21,  1624;  on  the  Virginia  Com- 
mission, July  15,  1624.  Died  Feb- 
ruary 19,  1625,  and  was  buried  at 
Carrickfergus. 

Childe,  Alexander,  3.     Sub. ; 

pd. .       (Capt.    Alexander   Childe 

was  in  the  E.  I.  Co.'s  service.) 

Chiles,  Alexander,  2.     Sub.  ; 

pd. .      (Sir  Josiah  Child  was  one 

of  the  most  famous  merchants  of  Lon- 
don in  the  next  generation.) 

Christian  IV.,  King  of  Denmark. 
Brother-in-law  to  King  James  of  Eng- 
land. Was  born  in  1577,  and  died  in 
1648.     King,  1596-1648. 

Chudley  (or  Chudleigh),  George. 
Of  the  N.  Va.  Co.  "  Son  of  John 
Chudleigh,  Esq.,  of  Ashton,  who  as- 
pired to  rival  the  famous  _  actions  of 
Drake  and  others  by  sea,  but  died  a 
young  man  in  the  Streights  of  Magel- 
lan, leaving  by  his  wife,  daughter  of 
fxeorge  Sp(>ke,  P^sq.,  two  sons  and  two 
daughters."  The  old(>st  son,  (ieorge, 
was  only  three  or  four  years  of  age  at 
the  time  of  his  father's  decease,  but 


was  thoroughly  educated  by  his  trus- 
tees at  home  and  abroad.  M.  P.  for 
East  Love,  1614;  of  the  N.  E.  Coun- 
cil, 1620;  M.  P.  for  Lostwithiel,  1621- 
22;  created  a  baronet,  August  1, 1622; 
M.   P.  for  Tiverton,  1624-25;  M.   P. 

for  Lostwithiel.  1625 ;  M.  P.  for , 

1640.  He  fought  on  the  side  of  the 
Parliament  at  Stratton,  but  afterwards 
took  up  arms  for  the  king,  and  pub- 
lished a  declaration  in  1643,  iu  vin- 
dication of  his  doing  so.  He  married 
Mary,  daughter  of  Sir  William  Strode, 
and  died  in  1657,  leaving  issue. 

Church,  Thomas,  draper,  2.  Sub. 
£37  U)s.;  pd.  £62  10s.  Of  N.  W.  P. 
Co.  He  was  a  benefactor  of  St.  Bar- 
tholomew's, Christ's,  St.  Thomas's, 
and  Bridewell  Hospitals  ;  was  buried 
in  "St.  Bartholomew's  behind  the 
J^xchange,"  London.  "  Here  lyeth  the 
body  of  ]\Iaster  Thomas  Church,  citi- 
zen and  draper  of  London.  He  was 
helpfuU  to  man}-,  hurtf ull  to  none,  and 
gave  every  one  his  due.  .  .  .  He  de- 
parted this  life  in  August  the  26  day 
1616,  being  aged  65  yeeres."  "A 
good  Life  hath  the  Days  numbred, 
but  a  good  Name  endureth  forever." 

Chute,  Sir  George,  3.     Sub. ; 

pd.  £12  10s.  Knighted  by  Sir  Arthur 
Chichester,  lord  deputy  in  Ireland,  at 
Christ  Church,  October  14,  1608. 

Chute,  Sir  Walter,  3.  Sub.  £75  ; 
pd  £25.  Served  iu  the  expedition  of 
1597  against  the  Azores  ;  knighted  at 
Beaver  (Belvoir)  Ca«tle,  April  23, 
1603.  He  is  mentioned  (not  favor- 
ably) in  several  of  Chamberlain's  let- 
ters of  May,  1614,  as  being  "  so  near 
the  King  that  he  cuts  all  the  meat  he 
eats." 

Clanricard,  Earl  of.  —  Richard 
Bourke,  Burke,  or  de  Burgh. 

Clapham,    John,    gent.,    2.     Sub. 

;  pd.  £25.    M.  P.  Sudbury,  1597- 

98;  one  of  the  controllers  of  the  Han- 
aper  (1605-10),  and  one  of  the  six 
clerks  of  the  chancery;  died  Decem- 
ber 6,  1018. 

Clare,  Earl  of.  — John  Holies. 

Clarke,    Captain.     2.      Sub. ; 

pd. .     (Engineer  at  the  siege  of 

Ostend  in  1601  ?) 

Clarke,  Captain  John.  "  An 
Englishman  by  nation,  a  native  of 
London,  and  of  the  same  religion  as 
his  king."  Born  about  1576  ;  a  pilot 
by  profession;  was  in  Malaga  iu  1609; 


CLARKE  — CLINTON 


855 


sailed  from  London  with  Dale  for  Vir- 
ginia in  March,  1611 ;  taken  prisoner 
by  the  Spaniards  at  Point  Comfort  in 
the  summer  of  1611;  remained  a  pris- 
oner in  the  West  Indies  and  in  Spain 
until  abont  161(5,  when  he  was  re- 
leased ;  made  a  vovag-i*  to  Viroinia  in 
1619  ;  was  the  pilot  of  the  Mavtlower 
in  1620.  On  the  13th  of  February, 
1622,  at  a  meeting  of  the  Virginia 
Court,  "  Mr.  Deputy  acquainted  the 
court,  that  one  Mr.  Joiin  Clarke  beinge 
taken  from  Virginia  long  since  by  a 
Spanish  ship  that  came  to  discover 
that  plantation  ;  that  forasmuch  as 
he  hatli  since  that  time  done  the  com- 
panie  good  service  in  many  voyages  to 
Virginia,  and  of  late  went  into  Ire- 
land for  transportation  of  cattle  to 
Virginia,  he  was  an  humble  suitor  to 
this  court,  that  he  might  be  admitted 
a  free  brother  of  the  companie,  and 
have  some  shares  of  land  bestowed 
upon  him."  He  was  admitted  and 
given  two  shares.  He  arrived  in  Vir- 
ginia, April  10,  1623,  with  Daniel 
Gookin's  ship,  the  Providence,  and 
soon  after  this  he  died  in  that  colony. 

Cleave  —  Clive,  Sir  Christopher, 

2.     Sub.  ;  pd. .     Of    Kent ; 

was  knighted  at  Greenwich,  April  22, 
1605. 

Cletheroe  (Clitherowe,  etc.), 
Christopher,  ironmonger,  2.  Sub. 
£37  10s.;  pd.  £50.  Son  of  Henry 
Cletherow  of  London.  Was  a  mem- 
ber of  the  E.  I.  Co.  in  1601  ;  of  the  Va. 
Co.  of  London,  1609  ;  of  the  N.  W.  P. 
Co.  in  1612  ;  of  the  B.  I.  Co.  in  1615; 
on  the  committee  of  the  E.  I.  Co.  from 
1614  ;  master  of  the  Ironmongers' 
Company,  1618;  nominated  for  deputy 
treasurer  of  the  Va.  Co.  in  April,  1619, 
and  recommended  to  that  company  by 
King  James  as  a  suitable  person  for 
their  treasurer  in  May,  1622  ;  master 
of  the  Ironmongers'  Company  again 
in  1624  ;  sheriff  of  London  in  l625  ; 
M.  P.  for  London,  1628-29.  He  was 
an  alderman  for  many  years  from  Bil- 
lingsgate ward,  and  governor  of  the 
Eastland  Company  ;  Lord  Mayor  of 
London,  1635-36  ;  knighted  at  Hamp- 
ton Court,  January  15,  1636  ;  gov- 
ernor of  the  E.  I.  Co.,  1038-41.  Died 
November  11,  1641,  and  is  buried  in 
St.  Andrew's  Undershaft,  London. 
He  was  a  benefactor  of  the  Ironmon- 
gers' Company  and  of  Christ  Church 


Hospital,  of  which  he  was  president, 
"  ivhere  there  is  a  good  portrait  of  him." 

Clifford,  George,  Earl  of  Cumber- 
land. Born  August  8,  1558;  educated 
at  Cambridge  and  at  O.xford,  where  he 
studied  matheuiatics  and  geography  ; 
married  Margaret,  daughter  of  Francis 
Kussell,  secojid  Earl  of  Bedford,  fJune 
24,  1577;  was  interested  in  Frobisher's 
voyages,  1576-78  ;  sent  a  fleet  to  the 
river  Plate,  South  America,  1.586-87  ; 
served  against  the  Armada,  1588  ;  his 
second  voyage,  1588  ;  his  celebrated 
voyage  to  the  Azores,  1589  ;  succeeds 
old  Sir  Henry  Lee  as  the  queen's 
knight,  November  17,  1590.  He  con- 
tinued to  make  raids  on  the  commerce 
of  Spain,  sometimes  going  in  person. 
He  sent  out  his  twelfth  voyage  in  1598. 
His  name  is  first  on  the  list  of  incor- 
porators of  the  E.  I.  Co.,  December 
31,  1600.  Appointed  governor  of  the 
Scottish  Marches,  June  8,  1603.  Died 
at  the  Savoy  in  the  Strand,  October 
30,  1605.  "  He  was  by  nature  what 
the  heroes  of  chivalry  were  from  fash- 
ion." His  only  daughter,  Anne,  was 
equally  celebrated.  She  married,  first, 
Richard  Sackville,  second  Earl  of  Dor- 
set, and  secondly,  Philip  Herbert,  Earl 
of  Montgomery.  She  lived  until  1675, 
and  died  in  her  87th  year. 

Clifford.     See  Russell  — Clifford. 

Clinton,  Edward,  Earl  of  Lincoln. 
Born  in  1512  ;  was  long  lord  high 
admiral  ;  created  Earl  of  Lincoln, 
May  4,  1.572.  He  was  interested  in 
the  voyages  of  Frobisher,  1576-78, 
and  Fenton,  1582-83.  Died  January 
16,  1585,  and  was  succeeded  by  his 
eldest  son,  Henry. 

Clinton,    Henry,   2.      Sub.  ; 

pd.  £50.  Second  Earl  of  Lincoln. 
The  eldest  son  of  Edward,  first  Earl 
of  Lincoln,  by  his  second  wife,  Ursula, 
daughter  of  William  Lord  Stourton  ; 
was  one  of  the  fifteen  knights  of  the 
Bath,  made  September  29,  1553,  two 
days  before  tlie  coronation  of  Queen 
Mary.  May  26,  in  14  Elizabeth,  he 
accompanied  his  father,  the  Earl  of 
Lincoln,  in  his  embassy  to  the  French 
Court.  January  16, 1585,  he  succeeded 
his  father  as  Earl  of  Lincoln.  "  Li 
29  Elizabeth  he  was  one  of  the  Peers 
in  commission,  for  the  tryal  of  Mary, 
Queen  of  Scots  ;  and  was  also  com- 
missioned for  the  tryal  of  Secretary 
Davison."     "  In  31  Elizabeth,  he  was 


856 


CLINTON  — COLTHURST 


one  of  the  Peers  on  the  trj'al  of  Philip 
Howard,  Earl  of  Arundel,  April  14." 
Ambassador  to  the  LandgraA'e  of 
Hesse  in  1596.  "  In  1601,  he  was  one 
of  the  commanders  of  tlie  Forces  that 
besieged  the  Earl  of  Essex  in  his 
house,  and  obliged  him  to  surrender  ; 
and  was  afterwards  on  his  tryal,  Feb- 
ruary 10,  in  Westminster-hall.  On 
the  decease  of  Queen  Elizabeth,  March 
24,  160 1 ,  he  was  one  of  the  Privy 
Council  that  signed  the  letter  at  the 
palace  of  Wliite-hall  on  March  28, 
1603,  to  the  Lord  Eure,  and  the  rest 
of  the  commissioners  for  the  treaty  of 
Breame,  directing  them  how  to  pro- 
ceed." M.  C.  for  Va.,  1608.  He  died 
in  September,  1615  (not  1616  as  gener- 
ally stated).  His  daughter  Eliza- 
betii  married  Sir  Arthur  Gorges.  A 
granddaughter,  Lady  Frances  Fynes, 
married  John,  eldest  sou  of  Sir  Fer- 
dinando  Gorges;  another  granddaugh- 
ter, Lady  Arabella  Johnson,  came  to 
New  England.  He  was  ancestor  of 
Sir  Henry  Clinton,  K.  B.,  a  command- 
er-in-chief of  his  majesty's  land  forces 
in  America  during  the  Revolution,  and 
of  the  present  Duke  of  New  Castle. 

Cobham,  Lord.  —  Henry  Brooke. 

Cockayne,  William,  skinner,  a 
great  merchant  of  London,  first  gov- 
ernor of  the  Irish  Company.  He  was 
not  a  member  of  the  Va.  Co.  until 
May  17,  1620  ;  knighted  in  1616  ;  for 
many  years  an  aldeiman  of  London  ; 
was  lord  mayor  in  1619-20  ;  died 
October  20,  1626  ;  buried  at  St.  Paul's 
Cathedral. 

Cockes  —  Cocks  —  Coxe,  Rich- 
ard, 2.     Sub. ;  pd.  £25.     Of  the 

E.  I.  and  Rus.  companies,  and  chief  of 
the  first  English  factory  in  Japan. 

Cockes  (etc.),  Robert,  grocer,  2. 

Sub. ;   pd.  .     A  member  of 

the  Court  of  Assistants,  1605,  and 
warden  of  the  Grocers,  1609.  Died 
September  20,  1609,  aged  47. 

Codrington,  Simon.  Probably  son 
of  Simon  Codrington  by  his  wife, 
Mary  Kelway  (or  Callaway),  and  if 
so,  the  grandfather  of  Christoplier 
Codrington,  Esq.,  who  went  to  the 
Barbadocs  in  the  time  of  Charles  I., 
from  whom  I,  and  many  other  Ameri- 
cans, descend. 

Coitmore  (Coytmore  —  Cote- 
more,  etc.),  Rowland,  2.     Sub. ; 

pd. .     Served  in  the  Drake-Haw- 


kins voyage  to  America,  1595.  "  A 
Fair  Gallery  was  built  on  the  south 
side  of  the  Chappel  of  St.  John's  at 
Wappin,  with  part  of  the  Benevolence 
that  was  given  for  the  Use  of  the 
Chapel  by  the  Mariners  that  went  to 
the  East  Indies  in  1616,  in  the  Royal 
James,  under  the  command  of  Capt. 
Martin  Fringe,  procured  by  the  care 
of  Master  Rowland  Coetmore  then 
Master  of  the  said  ship,  and  now  at 
the  building  hereof  Warden  of  the 
Chapel,  1622."  He  died  in  1626,  and 
was  a  benefactor  of  the  Trinity  House. 
His  widow  and  children  went  to  New 
England  about  1636.  (See  "  N.  E. 
Reg.,"  1880,  p.  253,  and  1886,  p.  160.) 

Coke,  Sir  Edvo-ard,  "  Lo.  chief 
justice."  "  Born  1552  ;  called  to  the 
bar,  April  20,  1578  ;  solicitor-general, 
June,  1592  ;  conducts  prosecution  of 
Essex  and  Southampton,  February, 
1601  ;  knighted  May,  1603  ;  conducts 
prosecution  of  Raleigh,  1603  ;  chief 
justice  of  the  King's  Bench,  October, 
1613  ;  privy  councilor,  November, 
1613  ;  dismissed  from  Privy  Council, 
June  30,  1616  ;  discharged  from  office 
of  chief  justice,  November  15,  1616  ; 
reinstated  as  privy  councilor,  Sep- 
tember, 1617  ;  one  of  the  managers 
of  the  impeachment  of  Bacon,  1621  ; 
died  at  Stoke  Pogis,  Bucks,  Septem- 
ber 3,  1633."  (Gates.)  He  was  the 
early  friend  of  Roger  Williams,  the 
father  of  the  Baptists  in  America. 

Coke  —  Cooke,  Captain  John,  2. 

Sub. ;    pd.  £25.     Was   this   the 

secretary  of  state  (born  1563  ;  died 
1644)  ;  knighted  September  9,  1624, 
and  appointed  secretary  in  1625  ? 

Coke  —  Cooke,    Sir  "William,  2. 

Sub. ;  pd.  £25.     M.   P.  Helston, 

1598-99;  Westminster,  IGOl;  Wigan, 
1604-11,  and  Gloucestershire,  1014  ; 
knighted  May  7,  1603  ;  was  of  High- 
ham,  County  Gloucester  ;  married 
Lucy,  daughter  of  Sir  Thomas  Lucy 
of  Charlecote.     Died  in  1618. 

Colby,  Edmund.  Pd.  £12  10s. 
Died  in  \^irginia  before  1621. 

Colepeper.     See  Culpeper. 

Collins,  Henry,  2.     Sub. ;  pd. 

£12  10s. 

Colthurst,  Henry,  grocer,  2.    Sub. 

;    pd.  .      "  Admitted    to   the 

freedom,  1567  ;  to  the  liAery,  1578  ; 
sealed  the  oath  of  allegiance  to  Queen 
Elizabeth,  November  6,  1584  ;  admit- 


COLTHURST  — COMPANIES  OF  LONDON 


857 


t&d  to  Court  of  Assistants,  March  18, 
1585  ;  junior  warden,  1587  ;  died 
about  1(510,  and  his  son  Tliouias  was 
admitted  by  patrimony  and  sworn  to 
freedom,  May  23,  IGIO."  (Grocers' 
Records.)  Hi.s  son  Tliomas  held  two 
shares  in  Virginia,  possibly  by  inlierit- 
ance. 

Colthurat,  Thomas.     Pd.  £25.     • 

Columbus,  Christopher.  Born 
about  1145  ;  saw  land  in  the  West 
Indies,  October  l^,  1492  ;  died  150!;. 

Comock  —  Conook  —  Camock, 

etc.,  Captain  Thomas,  2.    Sub. ; 

pd.  ijio.  Son  of  Thomas  Camock, 
Esq.,  and  his  wife,  Frances  Rich,  aunt 
of  Robert  Rich,  second  Earl  of  War- 
wick. Capt,  Thomas  Camock  after- 
wards emigrated  to  New  England,  and 
died  there  about  1G42.  He  was  for  a 
time  in  the  Bermudas. 

Companies  of  London,  160S- 
1616.  —  I.  The  Local  Merchant 
CoMPANiF.3.  The  first  twelve  are  the 
chief  ;  they  are  styled  "  the  Honor- 
able," and  the  Lord  Mayor  of  London 
is  chosen  aimually  from  one  of  them. 
I  will  give  these  first  companies  in  the 
order  of  their  rank.  The  others  will 
follow  in  alphabetical  order  for  more 
convenient  reference.  See  the  reports 
of  the  City  Companies'  Commission 
published  in  1884,  which  gives  most 
ample  particulars. 

Mercers,   2.     Sub. ;    pd.   £200. 

Incorporated  in  1393.  (See  Herbert's 
"  History  of  the  Twelve  Livery  Com- 
panies of  London.")  The  Mercers 
bear  for  their  arms  "  a  virgin,"  and  the 
company's  song  begins  :  — 

"  Advance  the  Virgin,  lead  the  Van, 
Of  all  that  are  in  London  free 
The  Mercer  is  the  foremost  man 
That  founded  a  society. 
Chobus.     Of  all  the  trades  that  London  f^rioe 
We  are  the  first  in  time  and  place." 

I  have  identified  ten  mercers,  who 
contributed  about  £600  to  the  Ameri- 
can enterprise. 

Grocers,  2.      Sub. ;   pd.  £487 

10s.  "  The  main  stock  from  which 
the  company  arose  was  the  Guild  of 
Pepperers  ;  the  earliest  notice  of 
which  is  found  in  the  Pipe  Rolls,  A. 
D.  1180,  and  seem  from  the  first  to 
have  had  to  do  with  the  Great  Beam, 
"  Peso  Grosso,"  the  merchant's  weight 
of  15  oz.  to  the  pound  by  which  the 
king's  import  tax  was  levied.  The 
word  Grossarius  of  Soper  Lane  is  first 


found  1310.  In  the  year  1328  the 
Pepperers  appear  in  city  records  as 
Grossarii.  In  1345  they  call  them- 
selves in  their  own  Archives  "  The 
Fraternity  of  St.  Antony  of  the  Com- 
panions of  Pepperers  of  Soper  Lane  " 
(the  disciples  of  St.  Antony  of 
Egypt  who  introduced  sterling  money 
(1180)  and  the  art  of  weighing  by  a 
fixed  standard  of  value,  the  sterling 
penny  or  pennyweight,  A.  D.  1266). 
In  1.365  they  appear  in  the  city  record 
as  "  Mestere  Grossariorum  Pipperari- 
orum  et  appotecariorium."  lirom  the 
year  1376  this  association  has  been 
known  as  "J  he  Grocers  of  Jjondon." 
The  motto  of  the  company  is  "  God 
grant  grace."  With  the  assistance  of 
Mr.  Kingdon  I  have  identified  seventy 
grocers  as  having  contributed  about 
£2,500  to  the  American  enterprise. 

Drapers,    2.     Sub. ;  pd.  £150. 

Incorporated  1430.  Motto  :  "  Unto 
God  only  be  Honour  and  Glory."  I 
have  identified  twenty  drapers  as  hav- 
ing contributed  about  £800. 

Fishmongers,  2.    Sub. ;  pd.  150. 

The  salt  fishmongers  were  incorpo- 
rated in  1433,  stock  in  1509,  and  the 
two  united  in  1536.  Motto  :  "  All 
worship  be  to  God  only."  Members 
of  this  Guild  contributed  over  £1,000. 

Goldsmiths,  2.    Sub. ;  pd.  £200. 

Incorporated  1327.  I  have  identified 
twelve  goldsmiths,  who  contributed 
about  £600.  Motto  :  "  Justitia,  Vir- 
tutum  Regina." 

Skinners,    2.     Sub. ;   pd. . 

Incorporated  1327.  They  were  also 
called  Tanners.  Motto  :  "  To  God 
only  be  all  glory."  Ten  members  of 
thi::  Guild  contributed  about  £700. 

Merchant-Taylors,    2.      Sub.  ; 

pd.  £200.  Incorporated  1416.  Mot- 
to :  "  Concordia  parva  res  crescunt." 
Tv.-enty  members  of  this  Guild  contrib- 
uted about  £1,200. 

Haberdashers,   2.      Sub. ;    pd. 

.      Incorporated      1447.      "They 

were  also  called  Milleners,  from  the 
place  Milain  in  Italy,  whence  the  com- 
modities they  dealt  in  chiefly  came." 
Motto  :  "  Serve  and  obey."  Twelve 
members  contributed  about  £500. 

Sailers,     2.      Sub.  ;    qd.    £50. 

Incorporated  1558.  Motto  :  "  Sal 
Sapit  Omnia."  Two  members  contrib- 
uted £130  15s. 

Ironmongers,    2.       Sub. ;     pd. 


858 


COMPANIES  OF  LONDON 


£133  6d.  8s.  Incorporated  1462. 
Motto  :  "  God  is  our  strength."  Ten 
members  paid  £625. 

Vintners,   2.     Sub. ;    pd.  . 

Incorporated  in  1436  by  the  name  of 
the  "  Wine-Tonners."  Four  members 
paid  £220. 

Cloth-workers,   2.      Sub. ;    pd. 

£100.  Incorporated  1482.  Motto  : 
"  My  trust  is  in  God  alone."  King 
James  I.  was  a  member  of  this  Guild. 
Sixteen  members  paid  £1,000. 

Armourers  (1463),  2.  Henry  V.  was 
a  member.     Sub. ;  pd. . 

Barbers  -  Surgeons  (1308),  2.  Sub. 
;  pd.  £25. 

Basket  Makers  ( ),2.  Sub. ; 

pd. . 

Blacksmiths  (1577),  2.     Sub. ; 

pd.  . 

Boivyers  (1623),  2.     Sub. ;  pd. 

.     "  In  regard  that  the  use  of  the 

Long  Bow  hath  added  no  mean  Hon- 
our to  this  Realm  of  England,  mak- 
ing it  famous  in  far  remote  Nations  ; 
They  may  well  stand  on  a  great 
Privilege  of  Antiquity,  yet  their  in- 
corporating speaks  but  of  the  21st 
year  of  the  Reign  of  King  James  I." 
(Strvpe.) 

Brewers  (1438),  2.     Sub. ;  pd. 


Girdlers  (1448),  2.     Sub. ;  pd. 

£50. 

Glaziers  (1637),  2.     Sub. ;  pd. 

.     It   may  be  noted   that   all   of 

these  companies  were  certainly  in  ex- 
istence May  23,  1609  ;  yet  several  ap- 
pear not  to  have  been  incorporated  at 
that  time. 

Imhroyderers  (1591),  2.     Sub. ; 

pd.  £25. 

Innholders  (1515),  2.   Sub. ;  pd. 

.     Their  old  motto  was,  "  When 

I  was  Harbourless,  ye  lodged  me." 

Joiners  (1561),  2.    Sub.  — -;  pd. . 

Leathersellers  (1442),  2.     Sub. ; 

pd.  £50. 

Masons  ( ),  2.     Sub. ;  pd. 

.     "  Being  otherwise  termed  Free 

Masons,  of  ancient  standing  and  good 
reckoning,  by  means  of  affable  and 
kind  Meetings  divers  times,  and  as  a 
loving  Brotherhood  should  use  to  do, 
did  frequent  this  mutual  Assembly  in 
the  Time  of  King  Henry  IV.  in  the 
12tli  year  of  his  most  gracious  Reign." 
(Strype's  Stow.) 

Musicians    (1604),   2.      Sub. ; 

V^-  — 

Paint-stainers  or  Painters  (1580),  2. 

Sub. ;  pd. . 

Pewterers  (1474),  2.     Sub. ;  pd. 


Bro'^-n    Bakers    (reincorporated    19         Plaisterers    (1500),   2.      Sub. ; 

James  I.),  2.     Sub. ;  pd. .        pd. . 

Butchers  (1605),  2.     Sub. ;  pd.         Plumbers  (1611),  2.     Sub. ;  pd. 

.     A  very  ancient  company,  but 

first  incorporated  3  James  I. 

Carpenters   (1344),   2.      Sub. ;     pd. 

pd. . 

Conks    (1481),   2.     Sub. ;    pd. 


Coopers  (1501),  2.     Sub. 


;  pd 


Cordwayners  or  Shoemakers  (1410) 

2.     Sub. ;  pd. . 

Curriers  (1605),  2.     Sub. ;  pd 

Cutlers  (1417),  2.     Sub.  ;  pd 

Dyers   (1469),  2.      Sub. ;    pd 

£75. 

Fletchers  (1536),  2.     Sub. ;  pd 

£75. 

Founders  (1614),  2.     Sub. ;  pd 

Fruiterers  (1604),  2.     Sub. ;  pd 

Gardiners    (1616),   2.      Sub.  

pd. . 


Poulterers    (1503),    2.      Sub. ; 

i. . 

Saddlers  (1280),  2.     Sub. ;  pd. 


Scriveners    (1616),   2.      Sub. ; 

pd.  — . 

Stationers  (1557),  2.     Sub. ;  pd. 

£125.  "  The  Company  of  Stationers 
of  London  was  of  great  Antiquity, 
before  the  famous  Art  of  Printing  was 
invented  or  brought  to  England,  as 
(for  the  most  part)  their  dwelling  m 
Pater-noster-Row,  and  the  adjoining 
parts,  can  testify."  Perhaps  the  first 
work  printed  in  England  was  "  The 
Game  and  Playe  of  Chesse  ...  by 
William  Caxton.  Fynysshed  the  last 
daye  of  Marehe,  A.  D.  1474."  Caxton 
was  free  of  the  Mercers'  Company. 
Stow  says,  "  The  first  of  the  Coqjora- 
tion  of  Stationers,  which  I  have  met 
with,  who  practised  the  Art  of  Print- 
ing Books,  were  Wynkyn  de  Worde, 


COMPANIES   OF   LONDON 


859 


and  one  Pynson,  who  both  flourished 
in  the  Reign  of  Henry  VII.  and  in  tlie 
beginning  of  the  Reign  of  Henry  VIII. 
And,  also,  Thomas  Godfrey,  who 
printed  about  the  same  time."  "  In 
1.533  there  were  within  the  Realm  of 
England  a  great  Number,  cunning  and 
expert  in  the  JScienee  and  Craft  of  Print- 
ing." Books  and  papers  were  for- 
merly sold  only  in  stalls  ;  hence  the 
dealers  were  called  stationers.  The 
company  received  their  first  charter  of 
incorporation  the  fourth  day  of  May, 
1557.  Sir  William  Cecil,  afterwards 
Lord  Burghley,  was  the  great  patron 
of  this  company.  They  were  "  Print- 
ers, Booksellers,  and  such  as  sell  Pa- 
per and  Parchment,  and  Blank  Books 
bound  up  for  the  use  of  Tradesmen 
and  merchants."  "  In  1575  there  were 
175  Stationers  in  London,  and  of  these 
140  came  to  their  Freedoms  in  the  com- 
pany since  the  access  of  Queen  Eliza- 
beth to  the  crown.  So  much  did 
Printing  and  Learning  come  in  re- 
quest under  the  Reformation." 

The  press  and  the  Reformation 
were  the  leading  factors  in  lapng  the 
foundation  of  the  English  colonies  in 
America. 

Tlu-ee  of  this  Guild  were  adven- 
turers to  the  amount  of  £225  ;  but  at 
least  seventy  others  contributed  in 
small  amounts  or  in  other  ways,  while 
the  fruit  of  the  press,  without  doubt, 
influenced  many  hundreds  to  take 
part  in  advancing  the  American  enter- 
prises. 

Tallow-chandlers   (1463),   2.      Sub. 

;  pd. .     Motto:  "  Delight  in 

God,  and  he  shall  give  thee  thy 
Heart's  desire." 

Turners  (1604),  2.     Sub. ;  pd. 


Tylers   and  Bricklayers 
Upholsters  (1627),  2.    Sub 


Wax-chandlers      (1484),    2.       Sub. 

Weavers  (1184),  2.     Sub.  — 
.     "  One    of    the    earliest   incor- 
porations whose  record  has  been  pre- 
served." 

White  Bakers,  2.      Sub. ;    pd. 

£40.    They  were  a  company  of  London 
in  the  first  year  of  Edward  II.,  1308. 

Woodmongers  or  Fuellers  (1605),  2. 
Sub. ;  pd. . 


;pd. 


Woolmen  or  Wool-packers  ( ),  2. 

Sub. ;  pd. . 

(All  of  the  foregoing  companies  are 
still  existing  in  London,  except  the 
Brown  Bakers,  White  Bakers  (now 
united  into  the  Bakers'  Company) 
and  Woodmongers,  and  all  of  them 
have  halls  of  their  own,  save  the  Black- 
smiths, Cooks,  Musicians,  and  Turners, 
which  companies  transact  their  busi- 
ness at  Guild  Hall.) 

II.  Using  Shipping.  There  were, 
at  least,  ten,  which  may  be  divided 
into  the  following  classes,  viz.  :  — 

1st.  Strictly  Commercial,  three. 

1.  The  Old  Merchant  Adventurers, 
trading  to  the  Netherlands  and  Ger- 
many. 

2.  The  Merchants  of  Elbing  or  East- 
land Company,  trading  to  the  Baltic. 

3.  The  Merchants  of  the  Levant, 
or  Turkey  Company,  trading  in  the 
Mediterranean  and  overland  to  East 
India. 

2d.   Commerce  and  Discovery,  three. 

4.  The  Merchant  Adventurers  for 
the  Discoverie  of  Regions  unknown 
(1551);  afterwards  known  as  the  Rus- 
sia or  Muscovy  Company.  "  They 
were  at  vast  charges  in  fitting  out 
great  Numbers  of  Ships  for  the  dis- 
covery of  New  Countries  and  Isles. 
They  discovered  (and  traded  in)  the 
Cherry  Islands,  Greenland,  Nova 
Zembla,  Davyes's  Streights,  Groone- 
land,  Hudson's  Bay,  the  North  of 
America,"  etc.  One  of  their  ships 
was  the  first  English  vessel  (in  loo6) 
to  round  the  North  Cape  of  Europe, 
and  to  enter  the  Great  White  Sea  of 
Russia.  Their  ships  brought  the  first 
colonists  to  Virginia  in  1606-07.  (See- 
Sebastian  Cabot.) 

5.  The  East  India  Company,  trad- 
ing to  the  East  Indies,  incorporated 
December  31,  1600. 

6.  The  North  West  Passage  Com- 
pany, incorporated  July  26,  1612,  to 
advance  a  trade  through  said  supposed 
passage  along  the  same  and  with  the 
great  kingdoms  of  Tartary,  China, 
Japan,  etc. 

3d.  Commerce,  Discovery,  and  Colo- 
nization, three. 

7.  The  Virginia  Company  of  Lon- 
don, 1609. 

8.  The  Newfoundland  Company, 
1610.  (Not  so  especially  a  London 
company.) 


860 


COMPANIES   OF  LONDON  — CONWAY 


9.  The  Bermudas  or  Somers  Island 
Company,  1615. 

4th.   Co7nmerce  and  Plantation,  one. 

10.  The  Irish  Plantation  Society, 
first  known  as  "  The  Governor  and 
Assistants  of  the  new  Plantation  in 
Ulster,  within  the  realm  of  Ireland," 
and  afterwards  as  tlie  "  Irish  Society." 
It  was  ineorjjorated  March  29,  1613, 
but  had  been  under  consideration  since 
1GU5,  and  many  emigrants  from  Scot- 
land and  England  had  settled  in  Ul- 
ster before  this  patent  was  granted. 
Although  many  of  those  interested  in 
Virginia  were  also  interested  in  Ire- 
land, yet  from  the  beginning  this 
plantation  was  a  hindering  rival  to  the 
Virginia  enterprises  ;  as  early  as  Octo- 
ber 2, 1605,  Chichester  wrote  to  Salis- 
bury, "  that  it  was  absurd  folly  to  run 
over  the  world  in  search  of  colonies  in 
Virginia  or  Guiana,  whilst  Ireland  was 
lying  desolate,"  and  as  soon  as  the 
great  city  companies  of  London  ac- 
quired their  plantations  in  Ireland 
(1613-14),  they  ceased  to  take  any 
farther  interest  in  their  corporate  ca- 
pacity iu  Virginia.  But  they  were 
still,  in  a  certain  sense,  planting  Vir- 
ginia, for  about  a  century  afterwards 
many  of  the  descendants  of  the  Scotch- 
English  settlers,  bred  on  Irish  soil, 
and  known  in  our  annals  as  Scotch- 
Irish,  emigrated  to  Pennsylvania,  Vir- 
ginia, and  the  Carolinas. 

Note.  —  Of  these  companies  4,  5,  6, 
7,  and  9  were  largely  under  the  man- 
agement of  one  man.  Sir  Thomas 
Smythe,  who  was  also  a  leading  mem- 
ber of  the  Turkey  Company  (3).  The 
motives  of  these  companies  were  in 
many  respects  very  similar,  and  we 
cannot  readily  understand  perfectly 
the  movements  of  one  unless  we  have 
a  correct  idea  of  tlie  others.  The  rec- 
ords of  4  were  destroyed  in  the  fire 
at  the  Royal  Exchange,  where  it  then 
had  its  offices  in  16G6.  The  records 
that  remain  of  5  have  been  carefully 
calendared  by  Mr.  Sainsbury,  as  have 
also  those  which  remain  of  Nos.  6,  7, 
and  9.  Many  members  of  the  East 
India  Company  (5)  were  also  of  the 
Virginia  Company  (7),  and  it  was  this 
element  which  was,  so  naturally,  ur- 
gently anxious  to  find  some  "  ready 
way  "  throuiih  America  to  East  India. 
Evidently  many  of  the  Russia  Com- 
pany (4)  were  also   interested  in  the 


American  enterprise.  In  fact,  we  find 
the  same  great  leaders  in  all  of  these 
great  companies  for  commerce,  dis- 
covery, and  for  colonization. 

Compton,  "William  Lord,  2.     Sub. 

;  pd.  £100.     Succeeded  his  father 

as  Baron  Compton  in  1585  or  1589  ; 
summoned  to  Parliament,  1593 ;  es- 
corted Queen  Anne  from  Scotland  to 
England,  May  to  June,  1603  ;  made  a 
Knight  of  the  Bath,  January  6,  1605  ; 
attended  King  James  to  Oxford,  and 
was  created  a  Master  of  Arts  of  that 
university,  August  30,  1605  ;  Lord 
President  of  Wales,  November  16, 
1617  ;  Earl  of  Northampton,  August 
2,  1618  ;  knight-companion  of  the 
most  noble  order  of  the  Garter,  April 
11,  1629.  Died  June  24,  1630,  at  his 
lodgings  in  the  Savoy,  London,  and 
was  buried  at  Compton  with  his  an- 
cestors. He  married  Elizabeth,  only 
daughter  of  the  rich  Sir  John  Spencer, 
Lord  Mayor  of  London,  and  thereby 
hangs  many  and  many  a  tale.  North- 
ampton County,  Virginia,  was  prob- 
ably named  for  their  son  Spencer, 
second  Earl  of  Northampton,  who 
distinguished  himself  in  the  royal 
cause  during  the  civil  wars,  and  fell 
at  Hopton  Heath,  March  19,  164§. 

Compton,  "William,  3.     Sub. ; 

pd.  £25.     Also  of  the  E.  I.  Co. 

Conisbie  —  Connyngsby,  Sir 
Thomas,  3.  Sub.  £50;  pd.  £50. 
W  as  of  Hampton  Court,  County  Here- 
ford ;  son  of  Humphrey  Coningsby, 
Esq.  ;  knighted  by  the  Earl  of  Essex, 
October  8,  1591,  before  Rouen  ;  M.  P. 
for  County  Hereford,  1593,  1597,  and 
1601  ;  sheriff,  1598.  Died  May  30, 
1625. 

Connock,    Richard,    esquire,     3. 

Sub.   ;  pd.   £20.     Of  N.  W.  P. 

Co.  ;  auditor  to  Henry,  Prince  of 
Wales. 

Conryo  (Conry),  Florence,  an 
Irish  theologian,  was  born  at  Gal- 
way  in  1560  ;  implicated  in  a  plot  for 
a  revolt  in  Ireland,  1607  ;  became 
Roman  Catholic  Archbishop  of  Tuani 
in  1609,  and  died  at  Madrid,  Spain,  in 
1629. 

Con-way,  Sir  Edward,  2.  Sub. 
£75  ;  pd.  £100.  "  Son  of  Sir  John 
Conway,  who  being  a  person  of  great 
skill  in  military  affairs,  was  made  by 
Robert,  Earl  of  Leicester,  governor  of 
Ostend.   His  son,  Sir  Edward  Conway, 


MARY    SIDNEY 
Countess  of  Pembroke 


CONWAY  —  COOPER 


861 


succeeded  to  his  father's  martial  skill 
and  valor,  and  twisted  therewith 
peaceable  policy  in  state  affairs  ;  so 
that  the  gown  and  the  sword  met  in 
him  in  most  eminent  proportion."  Sir 
Edward  was  knighted  by  Robert,  Earl 
of  Essex,  at  the  sacking  of  Cadiz, 
wliere  he  commanded  a  regiment  in 
1.396,  at  which  time,  Lodge  says,  "  he 
was  a  lieutenant-governor  of  the  Brill." 
He  served  with  distinction  in  the  Neth- 
erlands, and  was  one  of  the  govern- 
ors of  the  Brill,  1G06-16. 

M.  P.  for  Penryn,  1610-11  ;  M.  C. 
for  Va.  Co.,  1609.  July  3,  1622,  his 
son  (Sir  Edward  Conway,  Jr.,  who  mar- 
ried Frances,  daughter  of  Sir  Francis 
Popham)  was  admitted  into  the  Va.  Co. 

In  January,  1623,  he  was  made  one 
of  the  secretaries  of  state.  "King 
James  recommended  him  to  the  lords, 
for  his  birth,  for  his  soldiery,  for  liis 
languages,  for  his  sufficiency,  and  for 
his  honesty."  M.  P.  for  Evesham, 
1624-25.  One  of  the  principal  sec- 
retaries of  state  during  the  troubles 
in  the  Va.  Co.  of  London,  1623-24, 
he  evidently  took  great  interest  and 
care  in  those  affairs  ;  and  from  April, 
1623,  to  June,  1624,  he  wrote  over 
twenty  letters  regarding  them,  which 
are  still  preserved,  and  probably  many 
more,  which  are  now  lost.  He  was  a 
member  of  the  royal  commission,  ap- 
pointed July  15,  1624,  for  winding  up 
the  Va.  Co.,  and  at  least  fifteen  of  his 
letters,  written  July,  1624,  to  Sep- 
tember, 1625,  regarding  Virginia  af- 
fairs, are  still  preserved. 

He  was  created  Baron  Conway  of 
Ragley,  County  Warwick,  March  22, 
1625  ;  captain  of  the  Isle  of  Wight, 
December  8,  1625  ;  and  was  continued 
as  a  secretary  of  state  by  Charles  I. 

"  April  22,'  1625.  The'Privy  Council 
instruct  Lord  Carew  and  himself  to 
take  into  consirleration  what  forts  and 
places  of  strength  are  to  be  erected 
and  maintained  in  Virginia,  and  to 
give  an  estimate  of  the  present  charge 
and  the  annual  cost  to  maintain  them. 
April  29,  1625.  He  wrote  to  Sir 
Thomas  Smythe,  '  The  committee  for 
the  Virginia  business  having  referred 
to  Lord  Carew  and  myself  the  consid- 
eration of  the  state  of  that  planta- 
tion,' 'Smythe  is  requested  to  send 
the  names  of  such  persons  as  may  be 
of  use  to  them  in  their  proceedings,  as 


also,  the  maps,  relations,  and  papers 
which  may  be  with  him.'  " 

Quere :  What  has  become  of  these 
maps,  relations,  and  papers  ?  I  have 
evidence  that  many  Virginia  papers 
were  preserved  by  Lord  Carew  ;  but  I 
have  been  unable  to  find  any  of  them. 

Sir  Edward  was  advanced  to  the 
Irish  Viscountcy  of  Killultagh,  County 
Antrim,  March  15,  1627  ;  to  the  Eng- 
lish Viscountcy  of  Conway  of  Conway 
Castle,  County  Carnarvon,  June  6, 
1627,  and  about  the  same  time  made 
president  of  the  Privy  Council. 

In  1627  and  1628  his  wife  and  him- 
self were  interested  in  the  Newfound- 
land Colony,  and  some  time  prior  to 
March  30,  1G28,  he  subscribed  £100 
to  the  New  England  Colony.  He  died 
January  3,  1631,  in  St.  Martin's  Lane, 
London. 

He  married,  first,  Dorothy  (or 
Anne),  daughter  of  Sir  John  Tracy, 
of  Tedington,  Gloucestershire,  and 
widow  of  Edmund  Bray.  She  was 
first  cousin  to  Sir  Thomas  Dale's  wife. 
She  died  in  February,  1613,  and  Lord 
Conway  married,  secondly,  Katharine, 
daughter  of  Giles  Hambler,  of  Ghent 
in  Flanders,  and  widow  successively 
of  Richard  Fust,  Esq.,  and  John  West, 
grocer.  She  was  a  member  of  the 
Va.  Co.  of  London,  and  her  name  ap- 
pears in  the  lists  of  1620  as  "  Mistris 
Kath  :  West,  now  Lady  Conway." 
She  was  also  interested  in  Newfound- 
land. A  letter  writer  of  London  in 
March,  1615,  says,  "  Sir  Edward  Con- 
way is  to  marry  a  grocer's  widow  in 
London  ;  she  is  lame  and  in  years  ;  but 
is  worth  about  £6,000." 

Con-way,  Captain  Thomas,  es- 
quire, 2.     Sub. ;  pd. . 

Conway,    Captain     Thomas,    3. 

Sub. ;  pd. .    The  first  named 

was  the  brother  of  Sir  Edward  Con- 
way. The  second  was  Sir  Edward's 
son  ;  one  of  them  paid  £37  10s.  They 
were  both  knighted  on  the  same  day 
at  Theobald's,  July  14,  1624.  There 
was  a  relationship  between  the  Con- 
ways  and  Sir  Thomas  Dale's  wife  (see 
Throckmorton  pedigree). 

Cooper,  John,  2.     Sub. ;  pd. 

£25. 

Cooper,  Matthew,  2.     Sub. ; 

pd.  £25. 

Cooper,   Richard,  2.     Sub. ; 

pd.  £25. 


862 


COOPER  —  CORNELIUS 


Cooper,  Sir  Richard,  3.  Sub. ; 

pd. .      Of    Surrey  ;    knighted    at 

Whitehall  July  23,  1G03, 

Cooper,    Robert,    2.      Sub.  ; 

pd.  £'25. 

Cope,  Sir  Anthony,  2.    Sub. ; 

pd.  £40.  Of  Hanwell,  Oxfordshire 
(grandson  of  Sir  Anthony  Cope,  vice- 
chamberlain  to  Catherine  Parr,  and 
one  of  the  most  learned  men  of  the 
era  in  which  he  lived),  the  eldest 
brother  of  Sir  Walter  Cope  ;  was 
born  about  1548.  "  lu  1571  Mr.  An- 
thony Cope,  a  zealous  Puritan,  was 
chosen  member  of  Parliament  for 
Banbury."  He  also  represented  Ban- 
bury in  the  six  Parliaments,  1572-83, 
1586,  1588-89,  1592-93,  1697-98,  and 
1601  ;  sheriff  of  the  county  of  Oxford 
in  1582,  in  1591  (in  which  year  he  was 
knighted  by  Queen  Elizabeth),  and  in 
1603  ;  M.  P.  for  Oxfordshire  in  1604- 
11  and  1614  ;  created  a  baronet  June 
29,  1611  ;  died  in  July,  1614,  aged  66, 
and  was  buried  in  Hanwell  Church. 
"  He  was  committed  to  the  Tower 
(February  27  to  March  23,  1588)  for 
presenting  to  the  speaker  a  Puritan 
revision  of  the  Common  Prayer  Book, 
and  a  bill  abrogating  existing  eccle- 
siastical law."  ("  Die.  Nat.  Bio.,"  Ste- 
phen.) 

Cope,  Sir  Walter,  2.  Sub.  £75  ; 
pd.  £215.  "  Grandson  of  Sir  Anthony 
Cope,  knight  (see  Sir  Anthony  Cope), 
and  second  son  of  Edward  Cope, 
esquire,  of  Hanwell,  Oxfordshire.  Sir 
Walter  was  seated  at  Kensington 
House,  Middlesex.  Was  member  of 
the  Elizabethan  Society  of  Antiquaries ; 
M.  P.  for  Weymouth,  1601  ;  knighted 
at  Worksop,  April  21,  1603  ;  M.  P. 
for  Westminster,  1604-11  ;  M.  C.  for 
Va.,  November  20,  1606,  and  for  Va. 
Co.,  May  23,  1609  ;  one  of  the  cham- 
berlains of  the  exchequer,  1609  ;  mas- 
ter of  the  wards,  November,  1612. 
He  was  one  of  the  leaders  of  tlie  time, 
in  the  efforts  to  create  a  foreign  com- 
merce for  Great  Britain,  and  to  estab- 
lish English  colonies  in  America,  a 
member  of  the  East  India,  Muscovy, 
Newfoundland,  North  West  Passage, 
Somers  Island,  and  Virginia  compa- 
nies. He  was  buried  at  Kensington, 
August  1,  1614. 

He  was  the  friend  and  one  of  the 
executors  of  Robert  Cecil,  Earl  of  Salis- 
bury, and  seems  to  have  been  the  only 


one  who  took  a  prominent  part  in  de- 
fense of  that  great  statesman  against 
those  who  had  fawned  on  him  while 
living  and  abused  him  when  dead. 

"  Among  the  faithless,  faithful  only  he  ; 
Among  innumerable  false,  unmov'd, 
His  loyalty  he  kept,  his  love,  his  zeal." 

,  Sir  Walter  Cope  married  Dorothy 
(born  1562),  daughter  of  Richard 
Grenville,  esquire.  He  erected  the 
celebrated  Holland  House  (then  called 
"  Cope's  Castle ")  at  Kensington  in 
1607,  and  left  it  to  Henry  Rich,  Earl 
of  Holland,  governor  of  the  company 
for  Providence  Islands  (Bahamas), 
etc.,  who  had  espoused  his  daughter, 
Isabella  Cope. 

Coppin,  Sir  George,  2.  Sub.  £60  ; 
pd.  £135.  «  Of  Dunwieh  in  Norfolk;  " 
M.  P.  for  New  Roninev  in  1597-98  ; 
knighted  at  Whitehall,  July  23,  1603  ; 
clerk  of  the  crown  in  chancery.  May  3, 
1604  ;  M.  C.  for  Va.,  March  9,  1607  ; 
M.  C.  for  Va.  Co.,  May  23,  1609. 

On  November  17,  1616,  Mr.  John 
Castle  wrote  to  Mr.  James  Miller,  "  A 
thunderbolt  hath  fallen  on  the  Lord 
Coke,  which  hath  overthrown  him  from 
the  very  roots.  .  .  .  The  supersedeas 
was  carried  to  him  the  last  week  by 
Sir  George  Coppin,  ...  he  received 
it  with  dejection  and  tears." 

Sir  George  Coppin  was  living  July 
30,  1618  ;  but  probably  died  soon 
after.  "  He  lies  buried  in  the  Church 
of  St.  Martin's  in  the  Fields,  West- 
minster, in  the  South  He,  under  a  very 
handsomely  wrought  and  rich  monu- 
ment." 

Coppin,    Robert,    2.      Sub. ; 

pd.  £12  10s.  He  was  on  a  voyage  to 
Virginia,  and  I  think  he  was  the  gun- 
ner of  the  Mayflower  in  1620. 

Cordell,  Thomas,  mercer,  3.  Sub. 
£75  ;  pd.  £50.  Of  the  E.  I.  Co.  He 
was  lirst  cousin  to  William  Cordell,  of 
Fulham,  master  cook  to  Queen  Eliz- 
abeth ;  "apprenticed  to  Anthony  Hick- 
man ;  admitted  1558  ;  warden,  1582 
and  1590;  master,  1.596,  1605,  and 
1612,  when  he  died.  He  was  an  alder- 
man of  London."  (From  Mercers' 
Records.) 

Cordoba  (or  Cordova),  Don 
Louis  de,  related  to  the  Marquis  of 
Guadalcazar,  Viceroy  of  Mexico  in 
1620. 

Cornelius,  John,  goldsniitli,  2. 
Sub. ;  pd.  £62  lOs.  Of  the  E.  I.  Co. 


CORNWALLIS  —  CORY  ATE 


8G3 


August  13,  IGOl,  his  wife  was  buried  in 
St.  Mary,  Colechurch.  '•  She  lieth  be- 
fore the  great  Chest  next  the  J  uric." 
(Parish  Register.)  He  married  Eliza- 
beth Butler,  full  sister  to  Capt.  Na- 
thaniel Butler. 

Cornwallis,  Sir  Charles.  Sir 
Thomas  Cornwallis,  comptroller  of  the 
household  of  Queen  Mary,  upon  the 
accession  of  Elizabeth,  being  a  Roman 
Catholic,  was  left  out  of  the  Frivy 
Council,  and  removed  from  the  comp- 
troUership.  He  married  Anne,  daugh- 
ter of  Sir  John  Jerniugham,  and  died 
December  24,  1604,  aged  85,  leaving 
two  sons  :  "  Sir  William  Cornwallis 
the  elder "  (of  whom  hereafter)  and 
Sir  Charles  Cornwallis,  of  whom  I 
write,  who  was  knighted  at  the  Char- 
terhouse, JNIay  11,  1603  ;  English  am- 
bassador at  the  Court  of  Spain,  1605- 
160y  ;  treasurer  of  the  household  of 
Henry,  Prince  of  Wales,  1610-12; 
member  N.  W,  P.  Co.,  1612  ;  wrote 
"  A  Discourse  of  the  most  Illustrious 
Prince  Henry,  Late  Prince  of  Wales  " 
iu  1626,  which  was  published  in  1641. 
He  died  December  21,  1629.  He  was 
the  father  of  "  Sir  William  Cornwallis 
the  younger  "  (whom  see). 

Cornwallis,  Sir  William  the 
Elder,  son  of  Sir  Thomas,  and 
brother  to  Sir  Charles  aforesaid.  He 
lived  at  Highgate,  was  a  near  neighbor 
to  Zuiiiga,  the  Spanish  ambassador, 
and  was  quite  certainly  the  "  William 
Cornwallis  the  elder "  of  the  letter. 
He  married,  first,  Lucy,  daughter  of 
John  Xevill,  Lord  Latimer  (she  was 
aunt  to  Capt.  George  Percy),  and 
secondly,  Jane,  daughter  of  Hercules 
Mewtas,  esquire.  Frederick  Cornwal- 
lis, his  son  by  his  second  wife,  was  aii- 
cestor  to  Lord  Cornwallis  of  our  Revo- 
lution. Sir  William  the  elder  died 
November  13,  1611. 

Cornwallis,     Sir     ■William     the 

Younger,    3.      Sub.    £75  ;   pd. . 

Son  of  Sir  Charles,  aforesaid  ;  prob- 
ably the  "  William  Cornwallis  "  of  the 
letter.  He  married,  August  26,  1595, 
Catharine  daughter  of  Sir  Philip 
Parker,  of  Erwarton,  Suffolk,  who  was 
probably  "  Madama  Catalina  "  (Span- 
ish). He  was  the  author  and  essayist ; 
dedicated  his  "  Discoui'se  upon  Seneca, 
the  Tragedian,"  to  Sir  John  Popham 
in  1601.  The  date  of  his  death 
seems  uncertain.    Some  accounts  place 


it  as  late  as  1631  ;  but  Chamberlain 
wrote  to  Carleton  on  July  7,  1614,  of 
his  recent  death.  His  second  son, 
Thomas,  was  the  commissioner  of 
Maryland,  1638-59.  I  do  not  know 
whether  it  was  Sir  William  the  elder 
or  the  younger,  who  subscribed  £75 
to  the  Va.  enterprise  ;  but  I  suppose 
it  was  the  younger,  as  it  is  his  name 
iu  the  third  charter.  One  or  the  other 
was  M.  P.  for  Lostwithiel,  1597-98  ; 
knighted  at  Dublin,  August  5,  1599  ; 
M.  P.  for  Orford,  1604-11.  It  was,  of 
course,  "  the  younger  "  who  was  M.  P. 
for  Orford  iu  1614. 

Coryate,  Thomas.  Son  of  the 
Rev.  George  Coryate,  rector  of  Od- 
combe,  Somersetshire,  was  born  about 
1577  ;  entered  at  (Gloucester  Hall  in 
the  university  of  Oxford  in  1596  ;  left 
the  university  without  taking  a  degree ; 
became  one  of  the  household  of  Henry, 
Prince  of  Wales,  and  "  sweetmeats  and 
Coriat  made  up  the  last  course  of  all 
court  entertainments."  From  May  14 
to  October  3,  1608,  he  was  traveling 
in  France,  Savoy,  Italy,  etc.  He 
wrote  an  account  of  these  travels, 
which  was  published,  under  the  pat- 
ronage of  Prince  Henry,  by  W.  S.,  in 
1611,  with  engravings  by  W.  Hole, 
and  mock  commendatory  verses  by 
more  than  sixty  writers  of  the  day. 

In  1612  he  again  started  on  his 
travels.  In  1613,  kneeling  upon  a 
stone  in  the  midst  of  the  ruins  of  Troy, 
he  was  knighted  by  the  name  of  the 
first  English  knight  of  Troy. 

"  Coryate  no  more,  but  now  a  knight  of  Troy, 
OJconibe  no  more,  but  lienceforth  England's  Joy. 
Brave  Brute  of  our  best  English  wits  commended  ; 
True  Trojane  from  iEiieas  race  descended. 
Rise  top  of  wit,  the  honour  of  our  Nation, 
And  to  old  Ilium  make  a  new  Oration." 

And  this  he  proceeded  to  do,  for  he 
was  as  fond  of  making  orations  as  was 
Capt.  John  Smith. 

He  continued  his  travels  to  the  east- 
ward, and  in  1616,  and  after,  he  was 
with  Sir  Thsmas  Roe  in  East  India. 
He  died  at  Surat  in  December,  1617, 
"leaving  enough  written  to  fill  the 
world  with  new  relations  and  to  have 
made  any  printer  an  alderman."  Not 
knowing  that  he  was  dead,  George 
Abbot,  Archbishop  of  Canterbury,  in 
his  letter  to  Sir  Thomas  Roe,  of  Feb- 
ruary 19, 1619,  «  Wishes  for  Thos.  Cor- 
yat's  return  to  England,  because  he 
would  report  of  the  furthest  eastern 


864 


CORY  ATE  —  COTTINGTON 


countries  in  a  better  fashion  than  any 
Englishman  hitherto  hath  been  able. 
Recommends  him  to  get  together  all 
the  papers  which  Coryat  hath  written. 
The  king  blames  Coryat  for  writing- 
in  his  memoirs  that  he  saw  men  have 
their  eyes  pulled  out  and  their  tongues 
cut  olf,  which  before  an  idol  were 
speedily  restored  again.  The  king 
says  this  cannot  be  done  by  the  power 
of  Satan,  and  he  is  sure  it  is  not  by  the 
finger  of  God."  Purchas  published 
some  of  his  writings,  and  speaks  well 
of  him.  His  narrative  is  curious  and 
interesting  ;  but  greatly  exaggerated. 
Pie  traveled  on  foot  over  a  large  part 
of  Europe  and  Asia,  and  signed  his 
letters,  "  the  Hierosolymit  an-Syriau- 
Mesopotamian- Armenian-Median-Par- 
thian-Persian-Indian  Legge-stretcher 
of  Odcomb  in  Somerset,  Thomas  Cor- 
yate." 

Thomas  Coryate  and  Capt.  John 
Smith  were  both  characters  of  the 
time  ;  both  were  vain  men,  and  both 
wrote  of  countries  then  unknown  to 
most  Englishmen.  One  wrote  of  the 
Old  World,  the  other  chiefly  of  the 
New ;  but  Coryate's  vanity  did  no 
harm.  He  was  proud  of  his  knowledge 
of  Latin,  Greek,  and  the  Eastern  lan- 
guages ;  he  had  some  right  to  be  ;  he 
was  proud  of  having  traveled  far  on  a 
single  pair  of  shoes,  and  he  ardently 
wished  to  walk  over  the  world.  He 
did  not  come  to  America  ;  but  would 
probably  have  done  so,  if  he  could  have 
walked  here  ;  and  would  have  ex- 
changed brave  orations  with  the  learned 
Indians,  as  well  as  Smith.  Smith's 
vanity  took  a  more  serious  turn,  and 
has  done  great  harm.  It  has  for  over 
200  years  destroyed  the  truth  and  the 
true  idea  of  our  earliest  history.  He 
was  not  only  vain,  but  envious  ;  he 
took  to  himself  the  credit  which  rightly 
belonged  to  others.  He  cast  a  stigma 
on  the  real  founders,  and  conveyed 
a  selfish,  narrow-minded  idea  of  the 
founding  of  this  country. 

Coryate  wrote  of  lands  and  places 
from  personal  observation.  Smith's 
descriptions  are  generally  compilations 
from  the  writings  of  others,  and  fre- 
quently relate  to  countries  and  places 
whicn  he  never  saw.  It  is  his  per- 
sonal narrative,  however,  which  is  most 
objectionable. 

Coryate's  writings  were  as  well  sus- 


tained as  Smith's.  Not  only  Abbot  and 
Purchas  thought  well  of  them,  but 
many  others.  Aubrey  goes  so  far  as 
to  say  that  "  he  wrote  faithfully,  mat- 
ter of  fact."  Anxong  the  sixty  writers 
of  verses  appended  to  his  "  Crudities  " 
were  Ben  Jonsou,  Sir  John  Harring- 
ton, John  Davis  of  Hereford,  Inigo 
Jones,  Chapman,  Donne,  Drayton, 
Lionel  Crantteld,  Laurence  Whitaker, 
etc.,  and  of  the  fourteen  persons  to 
whom  he  sent  his  "dntyful  respect" 
from  the  "  Court  of  the  Great  MogoU," 
November  8,  1615,  the  following  ten 
will  be  found  in  this  Dictionary,  name- 
ly :  Sir  Robert  Cotton,  John  Donne, 
Richard  Martin  (the  lawj'er),  Christo- 
pher Brooke,  John  Hoskins,  George 
Gerrard,  William  Hackwell,  Ben  Jon- 
son,  "  Master  Doctor  Mocket,"  and 
Samuel  Purchas. 

Cottington,  Sir  Francis.  A 
younger  son  of  Philip  Cottington,  of 
Godnianston,  County  Somerset ;  born 
in  1570  ;  at  an  early  age  received  into 
the  household  of  Sir  Edward  Stafford 
as  master  of  the  horse.  "  Stafford 
recommended  him  to  Sir  Robert  Cecil, 
throvigh  whose  influence  he  became 
secretary  to  Sir  Charles  Cornwallis  in 
his  embassy  to  Spain  in  1005,  and  on 
Cornwalliss  return  in  1G09  he  was  in- 
trusted, until  about  Api"il,  1611,  with 
the  sole  management  of  the  affairs  of 
England  at  that  Court."  Was  ap- 
pointed a  clerk  of  the  Privy  Council  in 
1614.  On  the  recall  of  Digby,  in 
1616,  he  was  again  dispatched  to 
Madrid  to  represent  England  at  the 
Court  of  Spain,  which  he  continued  to 
do  until  1621-22,  when  be  obtained 
the  oiKce  of  secretary  to  Charles, 
Prince  of  Wales.  He  was  created  a 
baronet  February  23,  1623  ;  and  in 
that  year  went  with  Prince  Charles  on 
his  noted  trip  to  Madrid,  which  re- 
sulted in  a  declaration  of  war  (March 
10,  1624)  with  Spain,  and  a  personal 
feud  between  Cottington  and  Bucking- 
ham, which  lasted  so  long  as  Bucking- 
ham lived. 

Appointed  chancellor  and  under 
treasurer  of  the  exchequer,  April, 
18,  1629.  Sent  to  Spain  to  nego- 
tiate a  peace  in  1629  ;  he  executed 
this  commission  with  the  greatest 
credit,  and  returning  to  England  in  the 
spring  of  1631,  was  on  the  10th  of 
July  created  Baron  Cottington  of  Hau- 


COTTINGTON  —  COVELL 


865 


worth.  King  Charles  authorized  liim 
to  exercise  the  fuuotious  of  lord  high 
treasurer  during  his  absence  in  Scut- 
land,  aiul  he  was  made  master  of  the 
Court  of  Wards  ou  the  king's  return. 
Appointed  one  of  the  commissioners 
for  the  plantations  in  April,  1634.  In 
1637,  as  master  of  the  Court  of  Wards, 
lie  had  supervision  over  Benoni  Buck, 
the  first  idiot  born  in  Virginia. 

He  was  appointed  constable  of  the 
Tower  of  London  in  1610  ;  but  in 
164:1-42  he  resigned  his  offices  and  re- 
tired into  private  life.  In  1644  King 
Charles  made  him  lord  high  treasurer, 
rather  an  empty  honor  at  that  time. 
His  estates  were  confiscated  by  Parlia- 
ment in  1646,  and  he  had  fled  to  Nor- 
mandy in  1648.  Joined  Charles  II. 
at  The  Hague  in  1649,  where  he  was 
sworn  of  his  Privy  Council,  and  sent 
ambassador  to  Spain,  arriving  at  Ma- 
drid in  November,  1649,  and  was  dis- 
missed, after  the  news  of  Cromwell's 
decisive  victories  in  1650.  In  1651, 
"  weary  of  the  world,"  he  joined  the 
Church  of  Rome,  and  retired  to  Yal- 
ladolid,  where  he  died  in  1653,  aged 
77.  (He  had  been  a  Catholic  at  heart 
for  many  years.)  His  nephew  and 
heir,  Charles  Cottington,  Esq.,  had  his 
remains  brought  over  to  England  in 
1679,  and  interred  in  Westminster 
Abbey,  where  he  erected  a  stately 
monument  to  his  memory. 

Lord  Cottington  married  Anne, 
daughter  of  Sir  William  Meredith,  of 
London,  and  widow  of  Sir  Robert 
Brett,  but  left  no  surviving  issue. 
His  grandnephews,  Thomas  and  Philip 
Ludwell,  came  to  Virginia,  and  were 
men  of  distinction  there. 

Cotton,  Alleine,  draper.  Sub.  £37 
10s.  ;  pd.  £62  10s.  Of  E.  I.  and  N.  W. 
P.  companies.  Alderman  of  London  ; 
sheriff,  1016  ;  lord  mayor,  1625—26  ; 
knighted  at  Whitehall,  June  4,  1626. 
Died  September  24  (or  December  25), 
1628,  aged  70  ;  buried  under  a  rich 
and  very  beautiful  monument  in  the 
chancel  of  St.  Martin  Orgars,  in 
Candlewick  ward,  London. 

Cotton,    Sir   Rowland,    2.     Sub. 

;  pd.  £25.     Of  Alkington.  Salop  ; 

eldest  son  of  William  Cotton,  alderman 
of  London ;  was  knighted  November 
13,  1608  ;  M.  P.  Newcastle-under- 
Lyme,  1609-11  ;  Salop,  1626  ;  New- 
castle-under-Lyme,  1628-29.     Died  in 


1034.  Fuller  si)eaks  "  of  the  valor 
and  activity  of  this  most  accomplished 
knight ;  so  strong,  as  if  he  had  been 
nothing  but  bones  ;  so  nimble,  as  if  he 
had  been  nutiiing  but  sinews." 

Cotton.  Sir   Robert.     Sub. ; 

pd.  £25.  Eldest  son  of  Thomas  Cotton 
of  Counington,  Huntingdonshire,  was 
born  January  22,  1571  ;  educated  at 
Cambridge  ;  B.  A.,  1585  ;  began  to 
collect"  manuscripts,  coins,  etc.,  in 
1588,  a  pursuit  which  he  continued  to 
follow  througliout  his  life  ;  joined  the 
Antiquarian  Society  in  1590  ;  M.  P.  for 
Newton  (I.  W.),  1601  ;  knighted  at 
Whitehall,  July  23,  1603  ;  M.  P.  for 
County  Huntingdon,  1604-11  ;  one  of 
the  commissioners  on  the  state  of  the 
navy,  1008  ;  created  a  baronet,  June 
29,  1611  ;  induced  by  Somerset  to 
seek  a  jDrivate  interview  with  Gondo- 
mar,  1615  ;  he  became  intimate  with 
that  ambassador,  and  this  intimacy  re- 
sulted in  his  imprisonment,  1615-16 
(see  Gondomar)  ;  but  the  friendship 
continued.  He  was  M.  P.  for  Old 
Sarum,     1624^25  ;    for     Thetford    in 

1625,  and  for  Castle  Rising  in  1627-28. 
He  died  at  Westminster,  May  6,  1631, 
and  was  buried  at  Counington. 

(See  S.  R.  Gardiner's  "History  of 
England,"  1885,  vol.  ii.  pp.  321-347, 
for  an  account  of  Cotton's  negotiations 
with  Gondomar.) 

Coutts  —  Cutts,  Sir  John  the 
Younger,  3.  Sub.  £75;  pd.  £75.  Of 
Childerly,  Cambridge,  son  of  Sir  John 
Cutts,  Sr.  ;  was  knighted  at  Charter- 
house, May  11,  1603  ;  N.  W.  P.  Co., 
1612.  M.  P.  for  County  Cambridge, 
1604-11, 1614, 1621-22,  i624r-25, 1625, 

1626,  and  1640 ;  created  a  baronet 
June  21,  1600.  Died  in  1679,  s.  p., 
when  he  must  have  been  aged. 

Covell,  Francis,  skinner,  2.  Sub. 
£37  10s.  ;  pd.  £112  10s.  He  was 
buried  in  the  parish  church  of  Alhal- 
lows.  Barking  ;  the  inscription  on  his 
monument  in  the  south  wall  gives  a 
brief  outline  of  his  life.  "In  the  He 
against  this  place  lyeth  the  Body  of 
Francis  Covell,  citizen  and  Skinner  of 
London.  He  lived  in  this  Parish  52 
years,  was  married  to  his  wife  Margery 
42  years,  had  issue  by  her,  Thomas, 
his  only  son  [see  next] .  He  had  borne 
office  in  his  Company  and  this  Ward, 
with  good  reputation  ;  was  in  his  life 
religious,    peaceable,   and   charitable. 


866 


COVELL  —  Cr.ANFIELD 


and  at  liis  Death  gave  Cloatliiii':'-  to  the 
poor  of  this  Parish  yearly  forever. 
He  lived  69  years  and  rendex'cd  his 
soul  iu  Peace  to  God  September  7, 
1625." 

Covell,  Thomas.     Sub. ;   pd. 

.     Son  of  the  foregoing  ;    was  a 

cliurch-warden  of  Alhallows,  Barking  ; 
a  member  of  the  N.  W.  P.  Co.  He 
still  owned  lands  in  Virginia  May  12, 
1G39,  and  in  a  petition  to  the  English 
Privy  Council  represented  "that  he 
had  been  an  adventurer  to  Virginia  for 
thirty  years  past." 

Coventrj'-,  Thomas,  esquire,  3. 
Sub.  £37  lOs.  ;  pd.  £12  10s.  Born  at 
Croome    d'Abitot,  in    Worcestershire 


ia  1578  ;  gentleman  commoner  at 
Baliol  College,  1592-94  ;  entered  a 
member  of  the  Inner  Temple,  a  stu- 
dent in  the  laws  in  November,  1594  ; 
autumn  reader  of  the  Inner  Temple, 
IGIG  ;  recorder  of  London,  November 
16,  1616  ;  solicitor-general,  March  14, 
and  knighted  at  Theobald's,  March 
16,  1617  ;  treasurer  of  the  Inner  Tem- 
ple ;  ordered  to  execute  the  office  of 
attorney-general,  pending  the  com- 
plaints against  Yelverton,  June  28, 
1620;  appointed  attorney- general, 
January  11,  1621.  He  was  consulted 
by  the  New  England  Company  in  re- 
gard to  the  renewal  of  their  patent  in 
May  and  July,  1622,  and  iu  January, 
1623.  He  had  joined  the  Virginia  Com- 
pany of  London  about  1610  ;  but  hav- 
ing failed  to  pay  his  subscription  his 
membership  was  forfeited  ;  he  again 
joined  that  company  on  July  3,  1622  ; 
was  continually  consulted  during  the 
factions  of  1623-24,  both  by  the  king 
and  company.  Said  to  have  condemned 
the  charter  as  "an  unlimited,  vast 
patent."  Was  on  the  Virginia  Com- 
mission of  July  15,  1624 ;  lord 
keeper,  November  1,  1625 ;  created 
Lord  Coventry  of  Avlesborough,  April 
10,  1628.  Ordered  the  Massachusetts 
charter  to  issue,  1629  ;  on  the  com- 
mission for  jjlantations,  April  28, 1634. 


Died  at  Durham  House,  Strand,  Lon- 
don, January  14,  1640.  He  married, 
first,  Sarah,  daughter  of  Edward  Se- 
bright, Esq.,  and,  secondly,  April  10, 
1610,  Elizabeth,  widow  of  William 
Pitchford,  apothecary,  and  sister  to 
Samuel  Aldersey  of  the  Massachusetts 
Company. 

Covert,  Sir  "Walter,  3.     Sub. ; 

pd.  £12  10s.  Knighted  1591;  M.  P. 
Sussex,  1586-87  ;  Petersfield,  1593 ; 
Sussex,  1614  and  1626. 

Coxe.     See  Cocks. 

Coyse,  William,  esquire,  2.  Sub. 
£37  10s.  ;  pd.  £100 ;  of  North  Okeu- 
den.  County  Essex  ;  son  of  Roger 
Coyse,  Esq.,  of  London,  by  Joane, 
daughter  of  Robert  Warren,  of  London, 
gent.  He  married  Mary,  daughter  of 
Giles  Allen,  of  Haseleigh,  Essex,  es- 
quire, and  had  issue. 

Crakenthorpe,  Rev.  Richard. 
Born  in  Westmoreland,  1567  ;  fellow 
of  Queen's  College,  Oxford,  1598.  In 
1603  went  over  champlain  to  the 
Lord  Eure,  sent  ambassador  to  the 
King  of  Denmark  and  Princes  of  Ger- 
many, and  here  by  use  he  got  an  easi- 
ness in  the  Latin  tongue.  Became 
champlain  iu  ordinary  to  King  James  ; 
rector  of  Black  Notley  in  Essex,  etc. 
Died  in  1624. 

Cranborne,  Viscount.  —  Robert 
and  William  Cecil. 

Craniield,  Lionell,  esquire,  mer- 
cer, 3.  Sub. ;pd.£3710s.  Younger 

son  of  Thomas  Cranheld,  mercer,  of 
London,  by  Martha,  daughter  of  Vin- 
cent Randolph  ;  was  baptized  at  St. 
Michael's  Bassishaw,  March  13,  1575  ; 
bred  to  mercantile  pursuits,  was  an 
active  and  successful  man  of  affairs  ; 
appointed  receiver  of  customs  of 
Dorset  and  Somerset  April  1,  1605. 
Lodge  says  his  verses  prefixed  to 
Coryat's  "  Crudities  "  of  1611  "entitles 
him  to  the  reputation  of  a  smooth  ver- 
sifier." Lieutenant  of  Dover  Castle  in 
July,  1613  ;  knighted  at  Oatlands 
July  4,  1613,  and  made  surveyor-gen- 
eral of  customs  July  26  ;  M.  C.  Va. 
Co.  ;  master  of  the  Court  of  Request, 
November  20,  1616  ;  master  of  the 
wardrobe,  September  14, 1618;  master 
of  the  wards,  January  15,  1619  ;  chief 
commissioner  of  the  navy,  February 
12,  1619  ;  member  Privy  Council, 
January  5,  1620;  created  Baron  Cran- 
field   of   Cranfield,   Bedford,   July  9, 


\ 


CRANFIELD  —  CROFT 


867 


1621  ;  lord  treasurer,  October  13, 
1621  ;  Earl  of  Middlesi'x,  Sc-pteniber 
16,  1622.  Much  abused  by  the  Sau- 
dvs-Ferrar  faction  of  the  Va.  Co., 
1623-24.  Drew  tlie  13th  lot  in  New 
England,  June  21),  1623.  Incurred 
the  enmity  of  the  Duke  of  iiucking- 
liani  and  Prince  Charles  by  murmur- 
ing at  the  expense  of  their  journey  to 
Spain,  and  the  duke  proceeded  to  luive 
him  impeached  by  Parliament.  King 
James  protested,  told  Stenny  that  he 
was  a  fool,  and  warned  Prince  Charles 
that  "  he  would  live  to  have  his  belly 
full  of  Parliament  impeachnieuts;  and 
when  I  shall  be  dead,  you  will  have 
too  much  cause  to  remember  how 
much  you  have  contributed  to  the 
weakening  of  the  crown  by  the  two 
precedents  you  are  now  so  fond  of  ;  " 
but,  says  Lodge,  "the  duke's  power, 
supported  by  the  prince's  countenance, 
was  grown  so  great  in  the  two  houses, 
that  it  was  in  vain  for  the  king  to  in- 
terpose." The  Earl  of  Middlesex  was 
impeached,  and  fined  £50,000,  May 
13,  1624;  but  on  May  10,  1625,  he 
was  released  from  the  fine,  and  on 
August  20,  1626,  he  was  granted  spe- 
cial pardon.  (See  Sir  Abram  Dawes) 
He  retired  to  his  fine  seat  of  Copt 
Hall  in  Essex,  where,  says  Fuller, 
"  he  enjoyed  himself  contentedly,  en- 
tertained his  friends  bountifully,  his 
neighbors  hospitably,  and  the  poor 
charitably."  He  died  August  6, 1645, 
and  was  buried  in  Westminster  Abbey. 

Crashaw,  Rawley,  2.     Sub. ; 

pd.  £25.  He  went  to  Virginia  in 
1608  ;  was  a  burgess  in  1624,  when 
he  was  living  in  Elizabeth  Cittie  and 
owned  500  acres  by  patent,  between 
Fox  Hill  and  Pamunkey  River. 


Crashaw,  William,  2.     Sub. ; 

pd.  £37  10s.  Sometimes  classed  as  a 
Puritan  divine  and  poet;  was  baptized 
at  Handsworth,  October  26,  1572  ; 
educated  at  Cambridge  ;  prebend  in 
the  church  of  Ripon,  1604;  preacher 
at    th«    Inner    Temple,    London ;    at 


Church  of  St.  Mary  Matfellon,  or 
Whitechapel,  London,  November  13, 
1618;  died  in  1626.  A  good  scholar, 
an  eloquent  preacher  and  writer,  and 
a  strong  Protestant.  He  was  the  fa- 
ther of  Richard  Crashaw  the  poet  and 
Roman  Catholic. 

Craven,  Sir  William,  merchant- 
tailor,  3.  Sub.  £75  ;  pd.  £75.  Of 
E.  I.  Co.  ;  born  at  Appletreewick  in 
Burnsale,  parish  Craven,  Yorkshire, 
about  1548  ;  went  to  Loudon  seeking 
his  fortune,  and  found  it  there;  alder- 
man of  Bishopsgate  ward,  April  2, 
1600,  to  May  18,  1602  ;  of  Cord- 
wainer  ward,  May  18,  1602,  to  Jan- 
uary 15,  1611;  of  Lime  Street  ward, 
from  January  15,  1611,  to  his  death, 
July  18,  1()18  ;  sheriff  of  London, 
1601-02  ;  knighted  at  Whitehall,  July 
26,  1603  ;  Lord  Mayor  of  London, 
1610-11  ;  president  of  Christ's  Hos- 
pital, 1610-18  ;  died  July  18,  1618  ; 
buried  at  St.  Andrew's  Undershaft. 
(See  Strype's  Stow  for  his  will  and 
numerous  charities.)  Craven  County, 
North  Carolina,  is  named  for  his  son, 
the  very  celebrated  William,  Earl  of 
Craven. 

Creswell,  Robert.     Pd.  £12  10s. 

Crew,     Anthony,    2.     Sub. ; 

pd.  £25. 

Crew,  Sir  Randolph  (1558-1646). 
M.  P.  for  Saltash  in  Cornwall,  when 
speaker,  1614  ;  sergeant  at  law,  July, 
1615;  chief  justice  of  the  King's 
Bench,  January  26,  162 1. 

Crispe,  Ellis,  Salter.  Newfound- 
land Co.;  of  E.  I.  and  N.  W.  P.  com- 
panies ;  sheriff  of  London  in  1625. 
The  father  of  Sir  Nicholas  Crisp,  the 
African  trader. 

Croft,  Sir  Herbert,  2.     Sub. ; 

pd. .    Of  Croft  Castle,  Hereford  ; 

"  grandson  of  Sir  James  Croft,  who 
suffered  severely  in  the  reign  of 
Queen  Mary  ; "  educated  at  Christ 
Church  College  in  Oxford  ;  M.  P.  for 
Carmarthenshire  in  1588-89;  for  Here- 
foidshire  in  1592-93;  for  Launceston, 
1597-98  ;  for  Herefordshire  in  1601  ; 
knighted  by  James  I.  at  Theobald's, 
Mav  7, 1603;  M.  P.  for  Herefordshire, 
1604-11  ;  M.  C.  for  Va.,  March  9, 
1607  ;  M.  P.  for  Herefordshire  in 
1614.  In  February,  1617,  he  became 
a  monk  in  the  College  of  English 
Benedictines  at  Douay.  How  long  he 
had  been  a  Romanist  I  do  not  know. 


868 


CROFT  —  CROMWELL 


The  letter  writers  of  the  period  say 
that  "  he  was  ruined  by  the  excesses  of 
his  wife,"  and  Wood  says,  "  tliat  at 
length  full  weary  of  the  fooleries  and 
vanities  of  this  world,  he  retired  to 
Douay  in  Flanders,  and  was  there  re- 
ceived into  the  College  of  Benedictines, 
where  he  spent  the  remainder  of  his 
days  in  strict  devotion  and  religious 
exercise.  At  length,  after  he  had 
macerated  his  body  with  fasting,  hard- 
ship, and  devotion,  he  surrendered  up 
his  pious  soul  to  the  Almighty  on 
April  10,  1622,  aged  56."  He  was 
tlie  father  of  Dr.  Herbert  Croft, 
Bishop  of  Hereford,  a  distinguished 
minister  of  the  Church  of  England. 
Froude  says  his  grandfather,  Sir 
James  Croft,  the  controller  of  the 
household  of  Elizabeth,  was  for  a 
time  in  the  pay  of  Spain ;  and  it  may 
be  that  Sir  Herbert  Croft  was  an 
agent  for  Philip  III.  in  the  Virginia 
Council  and  Company. 

Croftes,  Lieutenant,  of  Captain 
Bigg's  company;  probably  continued 
the  account  of  the  voyage  (1585-86) 
begun  by  Biggs. 

CromTvell,  Henry,  2.     Sub. ; 

pd.  £25.  Of  Upwood,  County  Hunts, 
third  sou  of  Sir  Henry  Cromwell,  of 
Hinchinbroke,  and  brother  of  Sir  Oli- 
ver. He  was  M.  P.  for  Huntingdon, 
1604-11;  died  1630. 

Cromvirell,  Henry,  esquire,  3.  Sub. 
£37  10s.  ;  pd.  £37  10s.  The  eldest 
son  of  Sir  Oliver.  He  was  the  Colonel 
Henry  Cromwell  who  took  a  very  ac- 
tive part  for  the  king,  and  had  his 
property  sequestered;  but  the  Protec- 
tor (who  in  the  worst  of  times  was  a 
kind  and  considerate  kinsman)  had  the 
sequestration  discharged  July  9,  1649. 
Colonel  Henry  Cromwell  died  Sep- 
tember 18,  1657,  and  was  interred  in 
the  chancel  of  Ramsey  Church.  (See 
Burke's  "  Vicissitudes  of  Families.") 

Cromwell,  Sir  Oliver,  2.  Sub. 
£75;  pd.  £75.  His  grandfather,  Sir 
Richard  Williams,  eldest  son  of  Mor- 
gan Williams  by  his  wife,  a  sister  of 
Thomas  Cromwell,  Earl  of  Essex,  as- 
sumed, at  the  desire  of  Henry  VIIL, 
the  surname  of  his  uncle  Cromwell, 
and  tlirough  the  influence  of  tliat  once 
powerful  relative  himself  and  his 
family  obtained  great  wealth  and  sta- 
tion. Sir  Richard  married,  in  1518, 
Frances,  daughter  of  Sir  Thomas  Mur- 


fiu  (or  Myrfin),  then  Lord  Mayor  of 
London  (her  sister,  Alice  Murfiu, 
married  Sir  Andrew  Judde,  and  was 
the  grandmother  of  Sir  Thomas 
Smythe,  the  first  tx'casurer  of  the  Vir- 
ginia Company),  by  whom  he  was  the 
father  of  Sir  Henry  Cromwell,  called 
"the  Golden  Knight,"  one  of  the 
wealthiest  gentlemen  of  Huntingdon- 
shire, who  married  Joan,  daughter  of 
Sir  Rafe  Warren  (twice  Lord  Mayor 
of  London),  and  had  issue,  among 
others.  Sir  Oliver  Cromwell  (of  whom 
I  write),  Henry  Cromwell,  Robert  (the 
father  of  the  Lord  Protector),  Eliz- 
abeth (the  mother  of  John  Hampden, 
the  patriot),  Frances  (the  mother  of 
Edward  Whalley,  the  regicide),  and 
Joan,  wife  of  Sir  Francis  Barington. 
Oliver  Cromwell,  of  whom  I  write,  was 
born  about  1502-63  ;  M.  P.  for  County 
of  Huntingdon  in  1588-89,  1592-93, 
1597-98,  and  1601.  April  29, 1599,  he 
stood  godfather  for  his  nephew,  after- 
wards tlie  Protector.  He  entertained 
King  James,  on  his  progress  to  Lon- 
don, from  the  evening  of  April  27  to 
the  morning  of  April  29,  1603,  most 
famously,  at  Hinchinbrooke.  "  There 
was  such  plenty  and  variety  of  meats, 
such  diversity  of  wines,  and  those  not 
riff-ruff,  but  ever  the  best  of  the  kind, 
and  the  cellars  open  at  any  man's 
pleasure."  "  Master  Cromwell  pre- 
sented his  maiestie  with  many  rich 
and  acceptable  gifts,  as  a  very  great 
and  faire  wrought  standing  Cup  of 
golde,  goodly  horses,  deepe  mouthed 
houndes,  divers  Hawkes  of  excellent 
wing,"  etc.  He  was  made  a  Knight 
of  the  Bath  at  the  coronation  of  King 
James,  July  25,  1603;  M.  P.  for 
Huntingdonshire,  1604-11  ;  M.  C.  for 
for  Va.,  1607;  M.  C.  for  Va.  Co.,  1609. 
He  was  master  of  the  game  to  Henry, 
Prince  of  Wales  ;  M.  P.  for  Hunting- 
donshire in  1614,  1623-24,  and  1625. 
"  At  the  outbreak  of  the  civil  war. 
Sir  Oliver  remained  not  an  idle  spec- 
tator, but  enrolling  himself  under  the 
royal  banner  (against  his  nephew), 
raised  men,  and  gave  large  sums  of 
money  to  support  the  king's  cause  ; " 
"  and  when  that  cause  failed  he  re- 
tired to  Ramsey  Abl)ey,  and  died 
there  August  28,  1655,  in  his  93d  year, 
impoverished  and  broken-hearted,  but 
still  unshaken  in  his  allegiance."  He 
was   buried   in  Ramsey  Church.     He 


CROMWELL  —  DALE 


869 


married,  first,  Elizabeth,  daugliter  of 
Sir  Thomas  Bromley,  lord  chancel- 
lor, and,  secondly,  Anne,  widow  of  the 
celebrated  Sir  Horatio  Palavicino,  but 
had  issue  by  the  first  wife  only. 

W.  Dugdale  wrote  to  John  Lang- 
ley,  from  London,  September  8,  1655  : 
..."  Admiral  Pen  is  come  back 
from  Jamaica  with  part  of  the  Navy 
.  .  .  The  Protector  hath  been  very  ill 
the  last  week,  but  they  say  he  is  now 
lecovered.  His  uncle.  Sir  Oliver  Crom- 
well, is  very  lately  dead  by  an  unhappy 
accident  ;  for  I  hear  that  he  was  out 
in  the  rain,  and  after  his  return,  sitting 
by  a  good  fire  without  any  company  iu 
the  room,  by  some  weakness  or  swoon 
fell  into  the  fire,  aud  was  so  scorched 
that  he  died  about  two  days  after." 

Crosley,     or     Crosby,    William, 

grocer  and  apothecary,  2,     Sub. ; 

pd.  £75. 

Crosse,  Capt.  Robert.  Knighted 
at  Cadiz,  1596;  M.  P.  Minehead,  1586- 
87;  Yarmouth,  1592-93,  aud  Saltash, 
16U1;  died  in  1611. 

Crowe,  John,  gent.,  3.  Sub.  £37 
10s.;  pd.  £37  10s.  He  patented  land 
in  Virginia. 

Crowe,  William.     Pd.  £12  10s. 

Cullimore  —  Culliner  —  Colmer, 
etc.,  Abraham.     Pd.  £12  10s. 

Cullimore  (or  Collymore),  James. 
Pd.  £25.  Of  St.  Thomas  Apostle, 
London,  merchant ;  of  the  E.  I.  Co. 
His  son,  John  Collymore,  mercer,  mar- 
ried, in  1604,  jNIabel  Lovelace,  of  St. 
Bride,  London,  daughter  of  Sir  Wil- 
liam Lovelace,  of  the  city  of  Canter- 
bury. Mabell  Lady  Cullamore  held, 
four  shares  in  Captain  Argall's  plan- 
tation in  Virginia,  February  12,  161^. 

Culpeper — Colepepper,  Sir  Ed- 
ward, 3.    Sub. ;  pd.  £12  10s.    Of 

Wakehurst ;  knighted  at  Whitehall, 
July  23,  1603.  His  second  son,  Wil- 
liam, was  created  a  baronet  by  Charles 
I.,  September  20,  1628. 

Culpeper,  John,  esquire,  2.  Sub. 
£37  10s.;  pd.  £37  10s.  He  was  after- 
wards knighted.  His  grandson, 
Thomas  Lord  Colepeper,  was  governor- 
general  of  Virginia. 

Culpepper,  Thomas,  of  "Wigsel, 

esquire,    2.     Sub. ;   pd. .     I 

suppose  this  to  be  the  Thomas  Cole- 
peper who  married  a  daughter  of  Sir 
Stephen  Slanoy.  His  daughter,  Eliz- 
abeth Colepeper,  was  boru  at  Wigsale, 


Surrey,  in  January,  1601,  and  mar- 
ried, iu  1620,  Sir  Robert  Brooke. 
Lady  Elizabeth  Brooke  was  a  religious 
writer  of  note. 

Cumberland,  Countess  of.  —  Mar- 
garet Russell. 

Cumberland,  Earl  of.  —  George 
Clifford. 

Cunega.     See  Zuniga. 

Cutler,  Thomas,  grocer,  2.     Sub. 

;  pd. .     "  Tiiomas  Cutler,  sou 

of  Thomas  Cutler,  deceased,  admitted 
and  sworu  a  free  Brother  by  Patri- 
mony, 18  Feb'y,  1601  ;  admitted  to 
Livery,  1609."  (From  Grocers'  Rec- 
ords.) He  was  the  father  of  Sir 
John  Cutler,  the  celebrated  miser,  im- 
mortalized by  Pope,  who  left  his  gains 
to  good  purposes  ;  was  a  benefactor 
of  the  Grocers,  of  the  College  of 
Physicians,  Gresham  College,  etc. 

Cutts.     See  Coutts. 

Dabney  (Daubeny,  etc.),  Henry, 
2.  Sub. ;  pd.  £20.  He  was  prob- 
ably the  brother  of  Clement  Daubigny 
(the  inventor  of  au  engine,  to  be  driven 
by  water,  for  cutting  irou  into  small 
bars,  licensed  December  11,  1618),  as 
the  payment  to  the  Va.  Co.  stands  in 
the  names  of  "  Clement  and  Henry 
Daubny." 

Dabney,  Clement.  See  Henry 
Dabney. 

Dabney  (Daw^beney,etc.),  Oliver. 
"  Of  London,  gentleman  ;  married 
Elizabeth  Drayner,  and  left  issue." 
He  gave  Mr.  Richard  Hakluyt  of  the 
Middle  Temple  an  account  of  the  voy- 
age of  1536,  who  related  it  to  his 
cousiu,  the  Rev.  Richard  Hakluyt,  of 
Oxford. 

Dale,  Sir  Thomas,  3.  Sub.  £75  ; 
pd.  £25.  Entered  the  service  of 
the  United  States  of  the  Low  Coun- 
tries with  Essex  about  the  year  1588. 
In  1595  he  was  sent  by  the  Provinces 
into  Scotland,  where,  it  seems,  he  be- 
came one  of  the  retinue  of  the  infant 
Prince  Henry,  and  remained  with  him 
some  years,  returning  to  the  Nether- 
lands probably  in  1603. 

"  August  1,  1603,  Resolution  of  tlie 
States  General  on  the  recommenda- 
tion of  the  King  of  France,  to  com- 
mission Captain  Dale  provisionally  as 
captain  of  the  infantry  company  of 
Captain  Condegrave." 

"March   29,  1604,    Cecil  wrote   to 


870 


DALE 


the  English  ambassador  at  The  Hague, 
to  inform  him  of  the  King's  gracious 
opinion  of  the  merit  of  Captain  Dale, 
both  for  having  been  a  valiant  and 
long  servitor  of  Prince  Henry's,  and 
for  having,  for  the  most  part,  resided 
at  his  own  charge."  Cecil  continues, 
"  His  Majesty  commanded  me  to  ac- 
quaint you  so  much,  to  the  intent,  that 
in  the  alterations  and  removes  of 
places  among  the  companies,  where 
he  is  one,  he  may  be  respected,  both 
for  his  own  merit  and  his  Master's 
(Prince  Henry's)  recommendation, 
who  is  persuaded  of  his  honesty  and 
snfticiency." 

June  19,  1606,  while  on  a  visit  to 
England,  he  was  knighted  at  Rich- 
mond by  King  James  as  "  Sir  Thomas 
Dale  of  Surrey."  In  November,  1606, 
he  was  stationed  in  Oudewater,  a  small 
city  in  South  Holland,  and  probably 
remained  in  the  Low  Countries  until 
about  the  1st  of  February,  1611,  when 
he  came  to  England,  and  entered  the 
service  of  the  Va.  Co.  of  London  ;  was 
M.  C.  for  Va.  Co.,  and  his  acts  from 
that  time  to  June,  1616,  belong  to  the 
history  of  that  enterprise.  On  his  re- 
turn, the  celebrated  John  Rolfe  wrote 
both  to  King  James  and  to  Sir  Robert 
Rich,  that  "  Sir  Thomas  Dale's  worth 
and  name  in  managing  the  affairs  of 
this  Colony,  will  out  last  the  standing 
of  tliis  Plantation."  The  Rev.  Sam- 
uel Purchas  writes  of  Dale  as  "  that 
worthy  commander,  and  best  estab- 
lisher  of  the  Virginian  Plantation," 
and  he  is  highly  spoken  of  in  the 
Broadsides  of  the  Council  and  Com- 
pany of  Virginia. 

Ralph  Hamor  wrote  in  the  highest 
terms  of  praise  of  him  in  1614  ;  but 
Hamor's  name  is  signed  to  "  A  Briefe 
Declaration,"  etc.,  of  1624,  which  is 
not  complimentary. 

Marcli  31, 1617,  Sir  Raphe  Winwood 
wrote  from  St.  Bartholomew's,  Lon- 
don, to  Sir  Dudley  Carleton,  ambas- 
sador in  the  Netherlands: 

"  My  Lord.  Sir  Thomas  Daale  hav- 
inge  for  many  ycares  together  resided 
in  Virginia,  as  you  know,  about  the 
servicte  of  this  kingdome,  is  now  re- 
turninge  into  tliose  Provinces  to  his 
charge,  from  whence,  although  hee  hath 
been  longer  absent  then  hee  had  li- 
cence of  the  states  for  his  Warrant, 
yet  beeinge  a  principall  num  in  an  em- 


ployment of  such  consequence  as  that 
was,  I  assure  myselfe  you  will  labour 
soe  effectually  for  him  tliere,  that  he 
shall  bee  noe  waye  prejudiced  thereby. 
If  in  any  other  occasions  of  his,  hee 
shall  stand  in  neede  of  your  Lordship's 
favour,  I  pray  you  afford  it  him  with 
much  readiness,  and  give  him  at  all 
times  such  countenance,  and  good  re- 
spect, as  you  shall  thinck  fitt  for  a  man 
of  his  qualetie  and  meritt ;  whereby  you 
shall  not  onelye  engage  a  weldeserv- 
inge  gentleman  to  your  service,  but 
purchase  the  thancks  of  many  others 
in  this  state,  whoe  hold  themselves 
much  interested  in  his  future  weldoe- 
inge  and  advancement.  Yo'  Ljj"  to 
doe  you  service.     Raphe  Winw^ood. 

"  [P.  S.]  His  licence  to  goe  to  Vir- 
ginia was  procured  by  myselfe  at  my 
being  there,  upon  a  letter  from  the  late 
Prince  Henry." 

The  sickness  of  his  wife  prevented 
Dale  from  going  over  to  the  Nether- 
lands at  this  time,  and  this  letter  was 
not  sent  until  October.  On  the  30th 
of  September,  1617,  Dale  was  among 
those  appl_ying  for  the  command  of 
the  fleet  of  the  English  East  India 
Company,  and  on  November  1Z8,  1617, 
he  was  chosen  at  a  salary  of  £480  per 
annum.  While  the  aforesaid  applica- 
tion was  pending,  the  following  three 
letters  were  written. 

Sir  Thomas  Dale  to  Sir  Dudley 
Carleton,  October  18,  1617  :  «  Right 
honorable.  My  absenc  out  of  those 
provinces  hath  left  nie  destytut  of  ac- 
qnantce  and  frends,  which  makes  me 
loth  to  truble  your  lordship  with  these 
lyens.  So  yt  is  that  since  6  yeares  has 
yt  pleased  the  lord  treassurer  then  to 
Imbark  me  for  the  plantation  in  Ver- 
gynia  and  used  both  his  power  and 
prine  Henrys  for  my  leave  of  the 
lords  the  states  for  5  years.  The  which 
my  lords  the  states  granted,  but  they 
would  deteyne  my  enterteynment  to 
the  tyme  of  my  retorne,  promising  b}^ 
their  apostyll,  If  I  retorned  I  should 
have  it.  M'  Secrytarie  that  now  is 
effected  that  leave,  by  order  from  the 
prince  and  the  lord  Treasurer  that  then 
was.  At  my  departure,  I  marryed  a 
wyfe,  expecting  my  journey  shoud 
not  have  bin  so  long  as  yt  happened 
to  be,  and  sine  my  coming  home  I  bor- 
rowed 6  months  after  my  travels  for 
her  sake,  who  then  was  sickly  and  so 


SIR  PHILIP  SIDNEY 


DALE 


871 


hath  contynued,  and  since  3  months 
her  sicknes  hath  much  encreased  and 
now  I  am  afraid  to  loose  her.  This  is 
the  reason  of  my  so  \ong  stay  here  af- 
ter my  aryvall,  which  may  passe  for 
currant  with  good  and  honest  ims- 
bands  though  not  with  mj  lords  the 
states  in  matter  of  servyse.  Now 
half  a  year  sins  I  had  a  dispach  from 
M'  Secrytarie  to  your  honor  and  ex- 
pecting every  day  a  fit  wynd  to  have 
brought  me  over  to  have  dylyvercd  the 
letters  myself  I  was  stayed  by  the 
hand  of  God  which  hath  ever  syns 
lade  heavye  one  my  wyfe  and  yet  is 
the  occasion  I  come  not  now,  by  rea- 
son wherof  I  mak  bould  to  send  tliese 
letters  unto  your  honer  by  my  brother 
this  bearer,  and  with  all  thes  rude 
lynes  to  entreat  your  honors  favour 
and  assystance  unto  my  lords  the  states 
for  excuse  of  my  long  absence,  for  I 
am  gyven  to  understand  that  my  lef- 
tenaut  (who  is  not  the  honestest  there) 
doth  make  means  for  my  company  un- 
derhand, aleaging  that  I  will  com  no 
more.  Yt  is  true  that  at  my  departure 
my  company  was  much  In  debt  and  I 
am  given  to  understand  my  lefteiiant 
hath  not  lessened  them  but  rather 
augmented  them,  and  doth  gyve  out 
that  the  Stattes  wyll  not  pay  my  En- 
terteynment  for  the  tyme  of  my  ab- 
sens,  and  that  the  solysiturs  have  got- 
ten leave  of  the  lords  the  Stattes  to 
arrest  me  at  my  aryvall,  which  is 
straing  to  me.  Now  I  would  entreat 
your  lordship  in  the  Interim  of  my 
coming  (which  I  hop  shall  be  in  20 
days)  your  honor  would  be  pleased  to 
make  the  lords  the  stattes  acquaynted 
with  my  casse  and  the  state  of  my 
bussynes.  The  Kings  Majestye  hath 
promysed  me  to  wryet  to  your  lord- 
ship conserning  my  bussynes  to  pro- 
cuer  my  pay  and  Mr.  Secrytarie  wished 
me  to  send  his  first  letter  over  to  your 
lordship,  and  withall  I  would  entreat 
your  lordship  to  advyse  me  of  any 
means  I  may  procuer  from  this  state. 
M'  Secrytarie  tells  me  yt  shall  be 
effected  before  my  going  over.  If 
your  lordship  please  to  take  my  bussi- 
nes  into  your  favorall  protextion  you 
shall  not  only  bynd  a  poore  Gentyll- 
man  unto  you,  but  many  honorable 
frends  of  myen  wyll  gyve  your  lord- 
ship thankes  and  so  I  commend  my 
servyce    unto   your   honer   and    rest. 


Your  honers  to  be  commaunded. 
Thomas  Dale. 

"  [P.  S.]  If  I  myght  be  so  bould 
with  your  lordship,  1  would  entreat  2 
or  3  words  from  your  lordship  for  my 
better  adresse  in  my  bussynes." 

Sir  Thomas  Dale  to  Sir  Dudlev 
Carleton,  November  G,  1617  :  "  Right 
honerable.  Syns  my  last  unto  your 
Lordship  yt  hath  pleased  God  to  call 
Mr.  Secrytarye  to  his  mercie,  bj'  whos 
death,  my  loss  is  much  in  pertycnler, 
but  the  generall  loss  to  all  honest  men 
is  much  more,  by  many  he  is  much 
lamented,  and  wyll  be  myst  both  in 
our  state  and  ther  wher  j'our  lordship 
lyveth,  I  have  syns  his  death  spoken 
with  his  Majestye  conserning  my  bussy- 
nes in  those  partes,  who  hath  gyven 
order  to  Mr.  Secrytarie  Lakes  to  com- 
end  my  bus.synes  unto  your  Lordship, 
but  as  yet  I  have  not  my  dispach. 
Now  yf  yt  shall  pleas  you  to  geve  me 
any  advyse  for  any  means  els  from 
hens,  I  know  my  frends  are  such  as  I 
shall  procure  yt  to  second  your  lord- 
ship in  my  behalf.  I  must  confesse 
my  acquayntance  is  but  smale  with 
your  lordship  and  my  desserts  lesse, 
yet  yf  yt  shall  please  your  lordship  to 
favour  me  and  my  cause  which  is  just 
and  honest,  you  shall  not  only  bynd  a 
pour  gentelman  unto  you,  but  noble 
frends  of  myne  here  wyll  gyve  your 
Lordship  thankes  and  so  I  comend  my 
servyse  unto  your  lordship  and  rest. 
Your  honers  to  be  commanded. 
Thomas  Dale." 

(The  various  documents  given  in 
this  sketch  of  Dale  have  never  been 
printed  in  full  in  the  L^nited  States.) 

November  11,  1617,  King  James 
to  Sir  Dudley  Carleton.  James  R: 
"  Trusty  and  welbeloved  wee  greete 
you  well  :  Sir  Thomas  Dale  some- 
time servant  to  the  Prince  Henry  our 
Sonne  deceased,  having  a  company  in 
the  Low  Conntreyes,  was  by  him  com- 
manded to  attend  the  plantacion  of 
Virginia,  and  that  he  might  bee  at 
Liberty  so  to  doe,  at  the  request  of 
our  said  Sonne,  the  States  (Jenerall 
gave  him  leave  to  bee  absent,  and  that 
notwithstanding  his  absence,  lie  should 
enjoy  fully  his  pay,  and  thereof  as  he 
informeth  us  tliere  is  an  apostell  extant. 
Having  now  left  that  service  he  re- 
turneth  to  his  charge,  and  because  hee 
is  a  Gentleman  of  good  meritt,  both 


872 


DALE 


in  that  service  of  Virginia  whiles  hee 
attended  it,  and  before  in  the  service 
of  the  United  Provinces,  Wee  have 
thought  it  reasonable  to  call  upon  the 
States  for  the  performance  of  that 
promise  which  in  his  favor  they  made 
to  our  said  sonne.  And  do  therefor 
do  require  you  to  deale  therein  effect- 
ually, both  with  the  Prince  Maurice, 
and  with  the  States  Generall,  and  to 
procure  for  his  satisfaction  the  arrear- 
ages of  the  time  past,  and  continuance 
in  the  said  pay  and  favor  with  tliem, 
as  he  was  before  his  going  to  Virginia. 
Wherein  wee  hope  the  better  of  snc- 
cesse,  because  tliere  is  so  good  reason 
for  tlie  ground  of  our  request,  as  is  a 
promise  made  to  a  person  of  such  qual- 
ity as  was  the  said  Prince. 

"  Given  at  Our  Court  at  Theobalds 
the  lltji  of  November  in  the  fifteenth 
yeare  of  our  ralgne  of  Great  Brit- 
taine." 

Addressed  :  "  To  our  trusty  and 
welbeloved  Sir  Dudley  Carleton,  Knt., 
Our  Ambassador  with  the  States  Gen- 
erall of  the  United  Provinces." 

Dale  was  securing  strong  indorse- 
ments; he  was  not  only  afraid  of  being 
arrested  for  debt,  but  the  States  Gen- 
eral had  sold  his  company  to  Captain 
WlUoughby.  He  wanted  his  company 
or  his  pay,  and  probably  there  were 
other  "bones  of  contention,"  and  Dale 
evidently  wished  to  be  sixre  of  his 
ground  before  crossing  the  narrow  seas. 
On  December  4,  1G17,  Sir  Henry  Sav- 
ile  wrote  by  liitn  to  Carleton,  "rec- 
ommending to  Carleton  Sir  Thomas 
Dale,  a  friend  of  the  Earl  of  South- 
ampton, who  has  done  good  service  in 
the  plantation  of  Virginia."  Dale,  who 
went  over  to  the  Low  Countries  him- 
self soon  after  the  date  of  this  let- 
ter, also  carried  letters  from  the  Earl 
of  Southampton  (and  probably  from 
others)  which  are  now  lost,  and  a  long 
letter  from  ]\L  Noel  de  Caron  (the 
Dutch  ambassador  in  England)  to  the 
States  General,  which  has  been  pub- 
lished in  the  first  volume  of  "  Docu- 
ments relating  to  the  Colonial  History 
of  New  York."  Dale's  petition,  let- 
ters, etc.,  were  presented  to  the  States 
General  by  Sir  Dudley  Carleton  Janu- 
ary W,  1G18.  These,  together  with  the 
resolutions  thereon  (January  16  to 
Jaimary  30)  are  also  published  In  the 
aforesaid  volume.    On  January  30  the 


States  General  finally  resolved  to  al- 
low Dale  his  full  wages  during  his 
absence  on  condition  that  he  would 
not  claim  his  company  of  Captain 
Willoughby.  Sir  Dudley  Carleton,  in 
his  address,  presenting  Dale's  petition 
to  the  States  General,  says,  "  Captain 
Thomas  Dale  .  .  .  for  the  space  of 
some  years  having  command  and  au- 
thority for  planting  a  colony  of  the 
English  Nation  in  the  Country  of  Vir- 
ginia, whereof  he  hath  acquitted  him- 
self with  reputation  and  honor  to  him- 
self, to  his  Majesty's  satisfaction,  and 
to  the  publick  advantage,  inasmuch 
as  by  signal  patience,  diligence,  and 
valor,  he  overcame  divers  serious  diffi- 
culties and  dangers  r  nd  finally  estab- 
lished a  good  and  permanent  settle- 
ment all  along  a  river  navigable  for 
seventy  leagues  into  the  interior,  and 
by  that  means  hath  preserved  it  to 
God,  by  the  exercise  of  Religion  which 
is  introduced  there,  and  to  man,  by  the 
augmentation  of  commerce. 

"  Several  of  the  nation,  as  well 
Lords  as  other  gentlemen  of  quality 
and  honor  have  considerably  contrib- 
uted to  this  design.  But  two  of  our 
Captains  (Sir  Thomas  Gates  and  this 
one  of  whom  I  now  speak)  have  pro- 
moted it  more  than  any  other." 

Soon  after  receiving  his  full  enter- 
tainment, £1,000,  for  tlie  whole  time 
of  his  seven  years  absence.  Sir  Tliomas 
Dale  returned  to  England.  While  he 
was  absent,  on  January  16, 1618,  King 
James,  to  give  a  more  ample  authority 
to  the  intended  voj'age  to  the  P2ast 
Indies,  granted  a  special  commission 
to  "  Sir  Thomas  Dale  and  Capt.  Wil- 
liam Parker,  authorizing  the  govern- 
ment of  that  fleet,  as  well  by  common 
as  by  martial  law  :  also  to  seize  on  the 
shij)S  and  merchandize  of  any  others 
of  his  subjects  who  should  be  found 
navigating  within  the  company's  lim- 
its without  their  licence,"  etc. 

On  the  20th  of  February  161 1,  he 
made  his  will,  leaving  all  of  his  estate 
to  his  wife  Elizabeth,  six  days  after 
his  fleet  of  six  ships  was  in  the  Downs 
on  the  way  to  the  East  Indies.  While 
he  is  on  the  voyage,  I  will  mention 
some  reflections  which  were  being  cast 
upon  him  at  home.  February  4, 1618, 
Sir  Dudley  Carleton  wrote  to  Secre- 
tary (Sir  Thomas  Lake  '?)  of  his  suc- 
cess in  obtaining  Dale's  back  pay  "  in 


DALE 


873 


contemplation  of  his  Majesties  recom- 
mendation and  of  Sir  Thomas  Dales 
goode  service  in  Virginia  (wherein 
there  is  a  eomon  interest)."  Febru- 
ary 12,  Carleton  wrote  to  the  Earl  of 
Sontlianipton  that  "  Sir  Thomas  Dale 
by  whom  I  receaved  your  letter,  hathe 
fownde  better  successe  and  quicker 
expedition  in  his  businesse  then  is  or- 
dinarie  witii  his  masters  (The  States) 
in  affaires  of  that  nature  ;  .  .  .  and 
though  goode  and  due  regard  wasiiad 
herein  of  liis  particular  merit  yet  I  can 
assure  your  Lordship  he  was  not  a  lit- 
tle assisted  by  those  recommendations 
wherewith  he  came  accompanied." 

March  3,  Carleton  wrote  again  from 
The  Hague  to  Secretary  (Lake  ?), 
"  Hears  that  Sir  Thomas  Dale  left  the 
States  service  the  very  day  of  the  re- 
ceipt of  his  money  sans  dire  adieu,  it 
being  given  out  that  he  is  employed 
into  the  East  Indies  by  the  King's 
command.  Shall  gladly  receive  some 
civil  excuse,  the  King's  name  being 
interested  both  in  Sir  Thomas  Dale's 
good  treatment  by  the  States,  and  in 
his  ill  manner  of  leaving  their  ser- 
vice." March  26,  Secretary  Lake  re- 
plied to  Carleton  :  "  Your  Lordship 
wrote  to  me  of  late  of  a  fault  of  Sir 
Thomas  Dale,  which  his  Majesty  and 
all  men  have  condemned  in  him." 
This  was  evident  diplomacy ;  the  Dutch 
did  not  wish  to  establish  a  precedent 
for  making  such  back  payments,  and 
King  James  knew  that  Dale  was  going 
to  the  P^ast  Indies. 

To  return  to  Dale's  fleet.  On  June 
20,  1G18,  they  entered  "  The  Road  of 
Soldania  ;  "  November  19,  arrived  at 
Bantam  ;  December  23,  in  conjunction 
with  Capt.  Martin  Pring,  made  an 
attack  on  the  Dutch  fleet,  near  the  isl- 
and of  Java  ;  "a  cruel  bloody  fight," 
each  side,  it  seems,  claiming  the  vic- 
tory. March  15,  1G19,  Dale  wrote 
from  Jacatra  to  the  E.  I.  Co.,  "  should 
be  glad  to  hear  how  Virginia  pros- 
pers and  his  [Dale's]  business  goes 
forward  there."  July  23,  1619,  the 
E.  I.  Co.  wrote  from  London  to  Sir 
Thomas  Dale  in  the  East  Indies,  "  with 
advertisement  of  tlie  peace  with  the 
Dutch,  and  directions  to  liim  to  take 
the  command  of  tlie  first  fleet  that  shall 
be  jointly  set  forth  by  the  English  and 
Dutch  of  sixteen  or  twenty  griod  ships 
of  war  to  prosecute  trade  on  the  coast 


of  Malabar,  and  endeavour  to  open  and 
enlarge  trade  wth  the  Chinese  by  the 
advice  of  a  Council  of  Defence,  himself 
to  be  one  if  not  employed  at  sea,"  etc. 

Sir  Thomas  Dale,  with  his  fleet,  ar- 
rived at  Masnlipatam  Julv  19,  and  he 
died  there  August  9,  1619,  "after 
twenty  days  of  languishing  sickness 
and  many  testimonies  of  good  Cluis- 
tianity,  contempt  of  death,  and  singular 
zeal  and  affection  towards  the  Com- 
pany's service,  and  his  body  was  en- 
closed and  housed  in  form  of  a  tomb." 
"  Whose  valor  having  shined  in  the 
Westerne,  was  set  in  the  Easterne 
India." 

In  November,  1619  (before  liis 
death  was  known  in  England),  Sir  Ed- 
win Sandys,  at  the  General  Quarter 
Court  of  the  Va.  Co.,  "  recalled  to 
remembrance,  how  by  the  admirable 
care  and  Diligence  of  two  worthy 
knights,  Sir  Tiiomas  Gates  and  Sir 
Thomas  Dale,  the  publick  Estate  and 
Revenue  of  the  Company  had  been  set 
forward,  in  a  way  to  great  perfection: 
.  .  .  that  Sir  Thomas  Dale  building 
upon  the  Foundation  [of  Sir  Thomas 
Gates]  with  great  care  and  constant 
severity,  had  reclaimed  almost  mirac- 
ulously, those  idle  and  dissolute  Per- 
sons, and  reduced  them  to  Labour  and 
an  honest  fashion  of  life  :  That  pro- 
ceeding with  great  Zeal  for  the  good 
of  the  Company,  he  had  laid  off  pub- 
lick  lands,  to  yield  them  a  Standing 
Revenue,  placed  servants  thereon,  as 
also  upon  other  publick  works,  for  the 
Company's  use;  established  an  annual 
Rent  of  Corn  from  the  farmers,  and  of 
Tribute  from  the  Barbarians,  together 
with  a  great  stock  of  Cattle,  Goats, 
and  other  animals." 

Sir  Thomas  Dale  married,  in  Febru- 
ary, 1611,  Elizabeth,  daughter  of  Sir 
Thomas  Throckmorton  and  his  wife 
Elizabeth,  daughter  of  Sir  Rleliard 
Berkeley.  Lady  Dale  was  related 
to  the  wife  of  Sir  Walter  Ralegh, 
and  also  to  the  Berkeleys  ;  dying  in 
1640  without  issue,  she  gave  to  Mrs. 
Dorothea  Throgmorton  her  lands  in 
Charles  Hundred,  Virginia,  and  to  the 
son  of  Richard  Hanbv  (Hanbury  ?) 
her  lands  in  Shirley  Hundred.  One 
half  of  her  estate  in  England  and  Vir- 
ginia, after  the  payment  of  her  debts 
and  legacies,  she  gave  to  the  children 
of   her  brother,  Sir  William    Throg- 


874 


DALE  —  DAVIS 


morton,  knight  and  baronet,  deceased. 
She  gave  her  nephew  (John)  the  Lord 
Viscount  Sciidauiore,  a  ring,  valued  at 
sixty  pounds  sterling."  (See  Throck- 
morton pedigree,  and  William  Dale.) 


Dale,  William,  grocer.  Son  of 
Robert  Dale,  of  Wingle  in  Prestbury 
in  County  Chester,  and  brother  to 
Roger  Dale,  of  the  Inner  Temple. 
He  was  a  warden  of  the  Grocers'  Com- 
pany in  1614,  and  member  of  the  E.  I. 
Co.  He  married,  in  May,  1583,  Miss 
Elizabeth  Elliott,  of  St.  Mary  Mag- 
dalen, London,  daughter  of  Thomas 
Elliott  of  Surrey,  esquire.  In  1613 
William  Dale  had  a  seat  at  Brigstock 
in  County  Northampton.  I  have  reason 
to  believe  that  he  was  related  to  Sir 
Thomas  Dale. 

Danvers  —  Davers,  Sir  John,  3. 
Sub,  £37  10s.  ;  pd.  £25.  He  w\is  the 
third  son  of  Sir  John  Danvers  by 
his  wife  Elizabeth,  daughter  of  John 
Neville,  Lord  Latimer  (she  was  sis- 
ter to  the  wives  of  Henry,  Earl  of 
Northumberland,  Thomas,  Earl  of  Ex- 
eter, and  of  Sir  William  Cornwallis). 
Born  about  1588  ;  married,  in  1608, 
Magdalen,  daughter  of  Sir  Richard 
Newport  (widow  of  Richard  Herbert, 
Esq.,  and  mother  by  him  of  ten  chil- 
dren, including  the  noted  Edward, 
Baron  Herbert  of  Cherbury,  and 
George  Herbert,  the  poet),  when 
she  is  said  to  have  been  over  forty, 
and  young  Danvers  under  twenty.  He 
was  knighted  at  Whitehall,  March  5, 
1609;  M.  P.  for  Arundel,  1610-11; 
for  Oxford  University,  1621-22,  1625, 
1626, 1628-29,  and  1640;  for  Newport 
in  1624-25  ;  and  for  Salisbury,  1645- 
53  ;  M.  C.  for  Va.  Co.,  1612-20.  He 
was  one  of  the  Sandvs  faction  in  the 
Va.  Co.,  1622-24.  His  first  wife  died 
in  June,  1627.  He  married,  secondly, 
in  July,  1628,  and,  thirdly,  in  January, 
1649,  in  his  old  age.  On  the  special 
commission  for  the  better  plantation 
of  Virginia,  June  27,  1631.  One  of  the 
judges  who  passed  sentence  on  Charles 
I.  in  January,  1649,  for  which  act  he 
has  been  especially  eondeunied  because 


he  had  served  in  the  household  of  the 
king,  and  had  received  many  favors 
from  him.  "  The  Discovery  of  New 
Brittaine  ...  in  Virginia  "  by  Edward, 
son  of  John  Bland,  was  dedicated  to 
him  in  1650.  He  was  governor  of  the 
Bermudas  Islands  Company  in  1651,  in 
which  year  "  A  short  collection  of  the 
Most  Remarkable  Passages  from  the 
Originall  to  the  dissolution  of  the  Vir- 
ginia Company  "  written  in  his  iuter- 
est,*was  published.  The  account  in  this 
tract  giving  to  him  the  credit  of  having 
had  the  copies  of  the  Virginia  Records 
made  is  certainly  inaccurate.  The  evi- 
dence that  Nicholas  Ferrer  the  young- 
er had  this  work  done  is  conclusive. 
He  died  in  1655.  It  is  said  that  he 
was  the  first  to  introduce  into  England 
the  Italian  method  of  horticulture. 

Darell  —  Darrell,  Sir  Marma- 
duke,  3.  Sub.  £75  ;  pd.  £50. 
Knighted  in  1603  ;  surveyor-general 
of  victuals  for  the  navy,  etc.  ;  built  a 
new  church  at  Fulmere  in  Bucking- 
hamshire, which  was  consecrated  by 
Doctor  Barlow,  Lord  Bishop  of  Lin- 
coln, November  1,  1610. 

Darnelly,  Daniel,  grocer  and  apoth- 
ecary, 3.  Sub.  £37  10s.  ;  pd.  £45. 
Buried  in  St.  Mary  Woolchurch  Haw, 
London,  May  24,  1623. 

Dausey,  Ralegh.     Sub. ;  pd. 

£25. 

Davies  —  Davis,  Captain  James, 
died  at  the  plantation  over  against 
James  City,  Va.,  in  1624. 

Davies.     See  Dawes. 

Davis,   John,    2.      Sub. ;  pd. 

£25.  Possibly  the  poet  of  Hereford  ; 
writing-master  and  Roman  Catholic. 

Davis  —  Davys,  Captain  John. 
The  "  lovable  John  Davis  "  was  born  at 
Sandridge,  near  Dartmouth,  not  far 
from  the  Gilberts  and  the  Raleghs, 
about  1550  ;  he  followed  the  sea  from 
boyhood ; appears  to  have  made  voyages 
with  Adrian  Gilbert  prior  to  1579  ; 
with  Gilbert  he  is  in  consultation  with 
Dr.  Dee  iii  1579-80  and  1583  ;  in- 
terested in  the  Northwest  charter  of 
February  6,  1584.  Davys  made  his 
first  voyage  June  7  to  September  30, 
1585  ;  his  second  Mav  7  to  October 
6,  1586  ;  and  his  third  May  19  to  Sep- 
tember 15,  1587.  He  published  "  A 
Traverse  Booke  "  prior  to  March  25, 
1588,  and  probably  served  against  the 
Armada  in  that  year  ;  was  command- 


DAVIS  —  DEE 


875 


in^  a  ship  about  the  Azores,  waiting 
for  Spanish  prizes  in  1589  ;  in  the 
next  year,  1590,  he  captured  a  Spanish 
prize,  about  which  there  was  some 
i;ontention  ;  was  on  tlie  unfortunate 
voyage  of  Cavendish  from  August  2G, 
1591,  to  the  summer  of  1593  ;  pub- 
lished his  "  Seaman's  Secrets  "  in 
1594,  and  "  The  Wurhles  Hydrograplii- 
cal  Description,"  in  1595  ;  was  prob- 
ably at  Cadiz  in  159G  and  the  Azores 
in  1597,  in  which  Last  voyage  Sir 
Arthur  Gorges  refers  to  him  as  "  one 
John  Davis,  a  great  navigator  reputed" 
(see  Purchas,  iv.  p.  19G7)  ;  became  a 
retainer  of  the  Earl  of  Essex,  and  at 
liis  suggestion  entered  the  service  of 
the  Dutch,  and  "  went  as  chief  pilot 
to  the  Zelanders  in  their  voyage  to 
the  East  Indies,"  from  March  15, 1598, 
to  July  29,  IGOO  ;  chief  pilot  of  the 
first  voyage  sent  out  by  the  English 
E.  I.  Co.  from  February  13,  IGO'l,  to 
September  11,  1603.  He  sailed  with 
Sir  Edward  Michelborne  for  the  East 
Indies  December  5,  1G04,  and  was 
killed  by  the  Japanese  in  the  Straits 
of  Malacca  December  27, 1G05. 

Davis,    Sir   John,   2.     Sub. ; 

])d.  £25.  Stith  gives  the  name  "  Sir 
Thomas,"  but  the  Kimbolton  MS.  has 
it  "  Sir  John."  I  can  find  no  '•'  Sir 
Thomas "  at  that  time.  I  think  it 
was  Sir  John  Davies  (1569-1G2G),  the 
poet  and  attorney-general  for  Ireland, 
—  the  same  who  had  the  difficulty  with 
Richard  Martin,  the  lawyer. 

Dawes,  Abram,  skinner,  2.  Sub. 
£37  10s.  ;  pd.  £G2  10s.  Of  the  E.  I. 
and  N.  W.  P.  companies  ;  one  of  the 
farmers  of  the  customs  to  Charles  I.  ; 
knighted  at  Whitehall  May  8,  1G33 
(then  described  as  "  of  Putney  "),  in 
which  year  he  was  a  benefactor  of 
Sion  College  Library  and  a  commis- 
sioner for  Va.  ;  cojnmissioner  for  Va. 
tobacco  in  1634  ;  for  the  Caribbee  Isl- 
ands in  1635,  and  still  on  the  Va.  Com- 
mission in  1638.  In  August,  1637,  at 
a  dinner  given  at  his  house,  Mr.  Bur- 
lamachi.  Sir  John  Wolstenholme,  and 
others  being  present,  it  was  unani- 
mously agreed  that  no  man  ever  suf- 
fered for  so  little  as  Lionel  Cranfield, 
Earl  of  Middlesex.  Dawes  died  about 
1G40  ;  his  will  is  dated  in  1639.  He 
founded  an  almshouse  in  Putney,  dedi- 
cated to  the  Holy  Trinity,  and  was  a 
benefactor  of  the  Skinners'  Company. 


Dawes,  Lancelot,  2.     Sub. ; 

pd.  £25.  (1580-1654)  he  published 
several  sermons.  [This  name  is  given 
as  Davis  and  Davies  ;  but  I  believe  him 
to  be  tlie  Rev.  Lancelot  Dawes,  D.  D.] 

Dawkes,   Henry,  2.       Sub. ; 

pd.  £25. 

Deane,  Richard,  skinner,  2.    Sub. 

;  pd.  £50.     Of  the  E.  I.  and  N. 

W.  P.  companies  ;  son  of  George 
Dean,  of  Muchdunmowe  in  Essex. 
He  was  for  many  years  an  alderman 
of  London  ;  sheriff  in  1619  ;  lord 
mayor  in  1628-29  ;  knighted  at  Green- 
wich, May  31,  1629  ;  a  benefactor  of 
the  Church  of  St.  James,  Duke's  Place; 
died  in  1635.  He  was  a  Puritan,  and 
the  uncle  or  great  uncle  of  Major- 
General  Richard  Deane,  the  I'egicide. 

Decroe  —  IDocvria.,  Benjamin,  3. 

Sub. ;  pd.   £37   10s.     He  was  a 

member  of  and  an  agent  for  the  Mus- 
covy Company,  also  of  E.  I.  and  N. 
W.  P.  companies.  (It  was  a  member 
of  his  family,  I  suppose,  who  first  ad- 
justed the  penny  post  for  London  and 
the  suburbs.) 

Dee,  Dr.  John.  Born  July  13, 
1627  ;  at  Cambridge  1542-46.  "  In 
May,  1547,  he  went  into  the  Low 
Countries  to  confer  with  learned  men. 
On  his  return  home  he  brougiit  with 
him  the  first  astronomer's  staff  of 
brass,  devised  by  Gemma  Frisius,  the 
two  great  globes  constructed  by  Ge- 
rard Mercator,"  etc.  ;  M.  A.,  Cam- 
bridge, 1547  ;  on  the  continent,  1548- 
50,  intimate  with  Gerard  Mercator  ; 
in  England,  1551-62  ;  imprisoned  by 
Queen  Mary,  1554--55  ;  taken  into  the 
service  of  Queen  Elizabeth,  1558  ;  on 
the  continent,  1562-63  ;  in  England 
(save  brief  absences  in  1571  and  1578) 
from  1564  to  1583.  His  "  Perfect  Art 
of  Navigation  "  was  published  in  1576  ; 
had  a  noted  consultation  with  Sir  H. 
Gilbert,  November  6,  1.577  ;  was  inter- 
ested in  Frobisher's  voyages,  1576- 
78;  was  constantly  consulted  about 
discoveries  of  imknowu  things  in  the 
heavens  above  and  the  earth  beneath  ; 
was  interested  in  Adrian  Gilbert's  and 
John  Davis's  N.  W.  charter  Februai-y  6, 
1584  ;  but  had  left  England  privately 
before  that  date,  and  was  absent  on 
his  celebrated  European  trip  from 
September,  1583,  to  December,  1589, 
from  which  last  date  he  probably  re- 
mained  in  England    to  his  death  at 


876 


DELAUN  —  DEQUESTER 


Mortlake  in  December,  1608.  One 
of  the  most  remarkable  characters  of 
a  very  remarkable  age. 

Delaun,  Gideon,  apothecary.  Pd. 
£37  lUs.  Of  London,  and  of  Shar- 
sted,  Kent,  eldest  son  of  William  De- 
laune,  a  French  Protestant  pastor  and 
doctor  in  phisick  ;  was  born  at  Rheims 
about  1565  ;  accompanied  his  father 
to  England,  and  was  appointed  apothe- 
cary to  Anne  of  Denmark,  queen  of 
James  I.;  of  the  N.  W.  P.  Co.  in  1612. 
"March  7,  1613,  grant  by  Wm.  Se- 
gar,  garter  king-at-arms,  to  Gideon 
Lauuey,  the  king's  servant,  and  his 
brothers,  sons  of  Dr.  Wm.  Launey, 
who  died  in  London  in  1610,  of  the 
arms  of  the  family  of  Launey,  of  Bel- 
mesnil,  in  Xormandy,  from  which  they 
are  descended."  In  1617  the  Apothe- 
caries were  first  incorporated  as  a  sep- 
arate and  distinct  company  from  the 
Grocers,  it  is  said,  at  the  special  suit 
of  Gideon  Delaune,  who  was  a  member 
of  the  first  court  of  assistants  of  the 
company  ;  junior  warden  in  1624  ; 
senior  warden  in  1627  ;  and  master  of 
the  company  in  1637.  He  may  not 
have  been  the  first  pill-maker,  but  he 
was  the  originator  of  a  long  famous 
pill.  February  19, 1623,  he  transferred 
two  shares  of  his  lands  in  Virginia  to 
his  son  Abraham.  He  was  also  a 
member  of  the  E.  I.  and  S.  I.  com- 
ipanies  ;  died  in  1659,  aged  94.  He 
•married  Judith,  daugliter  of  Henry 
Chamberleine,  of  London,  gent.,  and 
his  son  Abraham  married  Anne, 
daughter  of  Sir  Pdehard  Sandys,  of 
Northbourne  Court,  Kent. 

De  la  "Warr,  Lord.  —  Thomas 
West. 

Delbridge,   John,  3.      Sub. ; 

pd.  £37  10s.  Merchant  of  Barnstaple  ; 
member  of  the  E.  I.  Co.,  N.  W.  P. 
Co.,  etc.  ;  was  M.  P.  for  Barnstaple, 
1614,  1621-22,  1624-25,  1625,  1626, 
and  1628-29.  We  find  his  ships  making 
trading  and  fishing  voyages  to  Vir- 
ginia, the  Bermudas,  and  New  England. 
He  was  called  "  The  Free  Trader." 
In  1619  he  patented  lands  in  Virginia, 
and  petitioned  the  Virginia  Company 
"  that  for  the  defraying  somewhat  of 
his  charges  in  settling  his  plantation, 
that  he  might  be  admitted  to  fish  at 
Cape  Cod,"  which  retjuest  was  opposed 
by  Sir  Ferdinando  Gorges,  "  aleaginge 
that  he  always  favored  Mr.  Delbridge, 


but  in  this  he  thought  himself  some- 
thing touched  that  he  should  sue  to 
this  company,  and  not  rather  to  him, 
as  proplie  belonging  to  the  Nortli 
Colony,"  etc.  He  received  a  patent 
for  lands  in  New  England  November 
26,  1632. 


'//i^£j^m 


Denmark.     See  Christian  IV. 

Dennis,  Sir  Thomas,  2.   Sub. ; 

pd.  £105.  Of  Bicton  and  Holcombe, 
Devon,  grandson  of  Sir  Thomas  Den- 
nys  (M.  P.  for  Devon,  1529,  with  whom 
he  is  often  confused) ;  was  born  about 
1559  ;  knighted  by  Robert,  Earl  of 
Leicester,  in  Holland  in  1586  ;  M.  P. 
for  Devon,  1593  ;  died  in  1613.  He 
married  Anne,  daughter  of  William 
Powlet,  Marquis  of  Winchester,  and 
left  two  daughters,  co-heirs,  Anne,  who 
married  Sir  Henry  Rolle,  to  whom  he 
gave  Biston,  and  Margaret,  who  mar- 
ried Sir  Arthur  Manwaring,  to  whom 
he  gaA^e  Holcombe. 

Denny,  Ed-ward  Lord,  3.      Sub. 

;  pd.  £13  6s.  8d.     Born  August 

14,  1569  ;  M.  P.  Liskeard,  1586-87  ; 
knighted  in  1587  ;  M.  P.  for  Tregony, 
1597-98 ;  sheriff  of  Hertfordshire,  1603; 
M.  P.  Essex,  March  19  to  October  27, 
1604  ;  created  Baron  Denny  of  Wal- 
tham,  October  27,  1604  ;  Earl  of  Nor- 
wich, October  17,  1626  ;  died  in  1630 
without  male  issue.  He  married  Mary, 
daughter  of  tlie  first  Earl  of  Exeter. 

Denton,  Sir  Thomas,  3.  Sub. 
£75  ;  pd.  £37  10s.  Only  son  of  Alex- 
ander Denton,  Esq.  ;  was  of  Hillers- 
down  or  Hillesdon,  Countj'  Bucks;  born 
about  1556  ;  sheriff  of  Bucks,  1599  ; 
knighted,  1603  ;  M.  P.  for  Bucking- 
ham town,  1604-11,  1614,  1621-22, 
1624-25,  and  1628-29  ;  for  County 
Bucks,  1625  ;  died  in  September,  1633. 

Dequester  —  de  Quester,  Mat- 
thew, 2.  Sub.  £37  10s.  ;  pd.  £87 
10s.  Born  about  1559.  "  October  29, 
1604,  grant  to  Matt,  de  Quester,  on 
surrender  of  Silvester  Brooke,  of  the 
office  of  one  of  the  King's  post,  for  be- 
yond seas,  for  life."  January  t  1, 1608, 
grant  to  "Matt,  de  Quester  of  the  office 
of  a  Post,  for  life."    There  was  a  long 


DERMER  —  DIGBY 


877 


law  plea  between  this  postmaster  of 
England  for  foreign  parts  and  Lord 
Stanhope,  the  English  chief  postmas- 
ter, which  was  settled  in  1G32.  In 
1G33  Deqnester  was  an  esquire  to 
King  Charles  I.,  being  then  aged  74. 

Dermer  —  Darmer  —  Dormer, 
Master.  Made  a  voyage  to  New 
England  in  1615.  I  think  that  he  was 
the  Capt.  Thomas  Dormer  who  was  iu 
Newfoundland  in  1616,  where  he  prob- 
ably remained  nntil  late  in  1618.  He 
was  confident  that  there  was  a  passage 
to  the  South  Sea  through  America.  In 
1619  he  made  another  voyage  to  the 
New  England  coast,  and  in  16:20  he 
was  in  Virginia.  July  10,  1621,  there 
was  read  before  the  Virginia  Company 
of  London  a  relation  of  "  Mr.  Dim- 
mer's discoveries  from  Cape  Charles 
to  Cape  Cod,  up  Delaware  river  and 
Hudson's  river,  being  but  twenty  or 
thirty  leagues  from  our  plantation, 
and  within  our  limiLs,  within  which 
rivers  were  found  divers  ships  of 
Amsterdam  and  Home,"  etc. 

D'Evereux,  Robert,  Earl  of  Es- 
sex. Born  in  November,  1567  ;  serv- 
ing in  the  Netherlands,  1587  ;  in  Por- 
tugal, 1589  ;  with  Henry  of  Navarre, 
1591  ;  at  Cadiz,  1596  ;  at  the  Azores, 
1597  ;  lord  lieutenant  of  Ireland,  1599; 
troubles  with  the  queen,  1598-1600  ; 
"The  Rising,"  February  8,  1601; 
tried  19,  and  executed  February  25, 
1601  ;  "  the  incomparable  Essex. ' ' 
He  was  the  son  of  Walter,  Earl  of 
Essex,  by  his  wife,  Lettice  Knolles  ; 
he  married,  in  1590,  Frances,  daughter 
of  Walsinghani  and  widow  of  Sir 
Philip  Sidney. 

Devonshire,  Earl  of.  —  William 
Cavendish. 

Dexter,  Captain,  2.    Sub. ;  pd. 

.     (Capt.  Ralph  Dexter,  engineer 

at  the  Siege  of  Ostend  in  1601  ?) 

Dichfield,  Edward,  Salter,  2. 
Sub.  £37  10s. ;  pd.  £68  15s.  On  tlie 
Va.  Commission  of  July  15,  16.4  ;  in 
the  same  year  on  the  commission  for 
searching  and  sealing  tobacco,  and 
also  in  1634.  He  resided  in  the  parish 
of  St.  Mary  Woolcluuch,  London, 
where  the  births  and  deaths  of  his 
children  are  registered.  His  daughter 
Sara,  born  April  26,  1612,  married 
Francis  Meade,  of  London,  Salter. 

Dichfield,  Richard.     Pd.  £25. 

Digby,   Sfr   John,  2.     Sub. ; 


pd.  £25.  Son  of  Sir  George  Digby 
by  liis  wife,  Abigail,  daughter  of  Sir 
Arthur  Henningham,  of  Ketteringham; 
was  born  at  Coleshill,  Warwickshire, 
in  February,  1580,  and  entered  Oxford 
University  in  1595.  "  Being  sent  by 
the  Lord  Harrington  to  intimate  to 
the  king  the  designed  insurrection  of 
the  gunpowder  conspirators,  he  was 
admitted  a  gentleman  of  the  Privy 
Chamber  and  one  of  the  king's  carvers 
in  1605."  Knighted  at  Whitehall, 
May  14,  1606  ;  M.  P.  for  Heydon, 
1610-11  ;  ambassador  to  the  Court  of 
Spain,  April,  1611,  to  January,  1616. 
(However  he  was  in  England  Jan- 
uary to  September,  1614.)  While  in 
Spain,  he  guarded  faithfully  the  inter- 
ests of  the  English  colonies  in  Amer- 
ica. He  was  a  member  of  the  N.  W. 
P.  Co.,  July  26,  1612,  and  was  ad- 
mitted free  into  the  E.  I.  Co.  in  Sep- 
tember, 1614  ;  appointed  vice-cham- 
berlain of  the  household,  and  sworn 
of  the  Privy  Council,  April  3,  1616. 
Sherborne  was  bestowed  on  him  about 
October,  1616.  Commissioned  to  treat 
of  a  marriage  between  Prince  Charles 
and  the  Infanta  Maria  of  Spain,  April 
16,  1617  ;  went  to  Spain  in  July,  1617, 
and  upon  his  return  was  created  Baron 
Digby  of  Sherborne  in  the  county  of 
Dorset,  November  25,  1618  ;  ambas- 
sador to  the  Archduke  Albert  in 
March,  1621,  and  in  May,  1621,  to  the 
Emperor  Ferdinand,  and  the  Duke  of 
Bavaria  on  the  business  of  the  Palati- 
nate. In  March,  1622,  he  was  again 
sent  ambassador  extraordinary  to  Spain 
to  treat  of  the  marriage  and  an  alli- 
ance, and  on  September  15,  1622,  was 
created  Earl  of  Bristol.  He  finally 
left  tha  Spanish  Court,  after  the  mar- 
riage negotiation  liad  come  to  grief,  in 
January,  1624.  His  differences  with 
the  Duke  of  Buckingham  may  be  seen 
in  the  history  of  the  times.  Not 
summoned  to  second  Parliament  of 
Charles  I.,  February,  1626  ;  com- 
plained, was  summoned,  but  ordered  to 
keep  on  his  estates,  March  ;  appealed 
again  ;  impeached  by  the  king,  May 
1  ;  impeached  Buckingham,  May  ; 
committed  to  the  Tower,  Jime  15, 
1626.  One  of  the  commissioners  to 
treat  with  the  Scots,  September,  1640; 
member  of  the  Long  Parliament,  No- 
vember, 1640  ;  committed  to  the  Tow- 
er, March  28,  1642  ;  released  in  a  few 


878 


DIGBY  —  DIGGES 


days;  went  to  the  king  at  York,  April; 
attended  the  king  at  Edgehill  and 
Oxford  in  October,  1642  ;  retired  to 
France  at  the  close  of  the  civil  war  ; 
died  at  Paris,  January  16,  1653-54. 

"The  Earl  of  Bristol  was  one  of 
the  most  accomplished  ministers,  as 
well  as  one  of  the  most  estimable 
characters  of  his  time.  A  very  hand- 
some man  ;  of  a  grave  aspect  ;  of  a 
presence  that  drew  respect,  and  of 
long  experience  in  affairs  of  great 
importance." 

Old  Fuller  says,  "  The  worst  I  wish 
such  who  causelessly  suspect  him  of 
Popish  inclinations  is,  that  I  may  hear 
from  them  but  halt  so  many  strong 
arguments  for  the  Protestant  religion, 
as  I  have  heard  from  him,  who  was,  to 
his  commendation,  a  cordial  champion 
for  the  Church  of  England." 

Digges,  Sir  Dudley,  2.  Sub.  £75; 
pd.  £37  10s.  Son  of  Thomas  Diggs 
and  his  wife,  Anne  St.  Leger  (see  St. 
Leger  pedigree)  ;  born  in  1583  ;  en- 
tered Oxford  University  in  1598.  His 
tutor  was  George  Abbot,  afterwards 
Archbishop  of  Canterburj'.  Took  his 
degree  in  1601  ;  wrote  a  treatise  "  Of 
the  worthinesse  of  Warre  and  war- 
riors," published  in  1604  ;  licensed  to 
travel  for  three  years,  April  6,  1604  ; 
knighted  at  Whitehall,  April  29, 1607; 
M.  C.  for  Va.  Co.,  May  23,  1609. 

He  aided  in  sending  Henry  Hudson 
to  the  Northwest  (April  17,  1610), 
and  Cape  Digges  and  Digges  Hand 
were  named  for  him  ;  was  M.  P.  for 
Tewkesbury,  1610-11.  On  the  4th  of 
December,  1611,  Chamberlain  wrote 
to  Carleton  :  "  Sir  Dudley  Diggs,  a 
great  undertaker  of  this  new  discov- 
ery of  the  North  West  Passage,  thinks 
of  nothing  else  :  they  are  preparing 
ships  against  spring  as  if  there  were 
no  donbt  nor  difficulty  in  the  matter, 
and  the  Prince  of  Wales  is  become  a 
partner  and  Protector."  Chamberlain 
rigain  wrote  to  Carleton,  March  11, 
1612:  "There  is  a  little  treatise  of 
tlie  North  W^est  Passage,  written  by 
Sir  Dudley  Digges  ;  but  I  may  say 
beatus  qui  intelUgh,  especially  the  first 
period,  which  is  but  a  bad  beginning 
to  stumble  at  the  threshold.  Some  of 
his  good  friends  say  he  had  better  have 
given  five  hundred  pounds  tlian  pub- 
lished such  a  pamphlet  ;  but  he  is 
wonderfully  possessed  with  the  opinion 


and  hopes  of  that  passage."  Sir  Dud- 
ley's sons,  Thomas  and  John  Digges, 
were  both  members  of  the  Va.  Co.  of 
London  in  March,  1612.  In  April, 
1612,  the  ships  for  the  Northwest 
discovery  sailed  under  Capt.  Thomas 
Button,  Master  Francis  Nelson,  etc. 
July  26,  1612,  the  North  West  Passage 
Company  was  incorporated  with  Sir 
Dudley  Digges  as  one  of  the  first  di- 
rectors. He  was  one  of  those  who 
purchased  the  Bermudas  Islands  from 
the  Va.  Co.,  November  25,  1612  ;  was 
a  member  of  the  Rus.  or  JNIus.  Co., 
and  a  leading  member  of  the  E.  I. 
Co.  ;  was  one  of  those  who  sent  out 
Capt.  Benjamin  Joseph  with  seven 
vessels  to  Spitzbergen  in  May,  1613. 
Digges  his  hundred  was  planted  in 
Virginia  about  1613  ;  July  5,  1614, 
was  one  of  the  nominees  for  governor 
of  the  E.  I.  Co.,  but  Sir  Thomas 
Smythe  was  elected. 

M.  P.  for  Tewkesbury  in  1614; 
joined  his  copartners  in  resigning  the 
Bermudas  to  the  crown,  November  23, 
1614.  Early  in  1615  appeared  a  tract 
called  "  The  Trade's  Increase,"  "some 
points  in  which  were  very  near  trea- 
son and  all  the  rest  very  dangerous." 
Februarj'  22,  1615,  at  a  meeting  of  the 
E.  I.  Co.,  Sir  Dudley  said  a  book  should 
be  set  forth  in  defense  of  the  East 
India  trade,  wliich  had  been  attacked 
in  the  said  tract.  And  afterwards 
Sir  Dudley  "  replied  in  a  masterly 
manner,  in  the  same  year,  in  a  trea- 
tise entitled  '  The  Defense  of  Trade,' 
inscribed  to  his  kinsman  Sir  Thomas 
Smythe,  the  governor  of  the  East 
India  Company."  He  aided  in  send- 
ing the  voyage  for  the  discovery  of 
the  Northwest  passage  which  sailed 
in  March,  1615.  (William  Baffin 
wrote  an  account  of  this  voyage.) 
Was  a  jnember  of  the  Bermudas  Com- 
pany, June  29,  1615.  In  1616  he 
aided  in  sending  out  another  voyage 
on  Northwest  discoveries,  in  which 
another  cape  was  named  for  him  in 
"Latitude  76  degrees,  35  minutes." 
"  He  acquired  the  manor  and  castle 
of  Chilham  in  Kent,  by  marriage  and 
purchase,  where  about  the  year  1616 
he  erected  a  magnificent  edifice  for  his 
residence."  We  find  him  constantly  in- 
terested in  Virginia,  willing  to  advance 
the  enterprise  by  lotteries  or  by  reli- 
gion.    He  was  ambassador  to  Russia, 


DIGGES 


879 


April  to  October,  1618  ;  one  of  the 
eomniissiouers  in  settling  a  treaty  be- 
tween the  English  and  Dutch  concern- 
ing the  trade  into  the  East  Indies, 
January  to  June,  1G19  ;  one  of  the 
coinniittee  of  the  Va.  Co.  of  London 
for  compiling  and  reducing  tiie  stand- 
ing rules  and  orders  for  the  govern- 
ment of  the  Va.  Co.  into  one  entire 
body,  as  more  especially  for  constitut- 
ing laws,  etc.  (The  result  of  their 
labor  is  reprinted  in  Force,  iii.)  He 
was  also  in  1619  one  of  the  committee 
"  concerning  the  coUedge  in  Virginia, 
being  a  waighty  busines,  and  so  greate 
that  an  Account  of  their  proceedings 
therein  must  be  given  to  the  State." 

Sir  Dudley  Carleton,  writing  to 
Chamberlain  from  "  The  Hague,  Jan- 
uary 29,  1620,"  "prays  him  to  show 
Sir  Dudley  Diggs  the  writer's  Vir- 
ginia Papers,  then  return  them  to 
Carleton,  letting  him  know  when  there 
is  a  passage  to  Virginia,  for  he  has  com- 
passion of  poor  Forie  being  hunger- 
starved  for  news  and  wishes  to  send 
him  a  letter." 

(Quere  :  Where  are  Carleton' s  Vir- 
ginia papers  now  ?) 

Sir  Dudley  Digges  patented  lands 
in  Virginia  in  1620  ;  was  a  M.  C.  for 
the  X.  E.  Co.,  November  3, 1620.  He 
was  in  Holland  with  Morris  Abbot, 
settling  differences  between  the  Eng- 
lish and  Dutch  East  India  companies, 
November,  1620,  to  February,  1621  ; 
M.  P.  for  Tewkesbury,  1621-22  ;  one 
of  commissioners  in  Ireland,  March  to 
October,  1622.  In  December,  1622, 
he  was  "  following  the  court  hard,  and 
was  in  hope  somewhat  would  fall  to 
his  lot  ;  but  for  aught  we  see  yet,  the 
poor  gentleman  seems  in  the  sand." 
M.  P.  for  Tewkesbury  in  1624-25, 
in  1625,  and  in  1626  ;  one  of  the  com- 
missioners to  conduct  the  impeach- 
ment of  Buckingham,  May  3,  1626  ; 
was  sent  to  the  Tower,  May  10  or  11, 
1626,  but  was  released  within  a  few 
days  ;  was  again  imprisoned  for  a  few 
weeks  in  1627  ;  M.  P.  for  the  county 
of  Kent,  1628-29.  In  1629  he  was 
mentioned  as  a  "  late  commissioner  for 
Virginia  ; "  granted  the  reversion  of 
master  of  the  rolls,  November  17, 
1630  ;  entered  Gray's  Inn  bencher, 
1630  ;  master  in  chancery,  January 
22,  1631.  May  24,  1631,  Attorney- 
general  Heath  was  instructed  to  pre- 


pare a  bill  appointing  many,  including 
Sir  Dudley  Digges,  commissioners  for 
advising  upon  some  course  for  estab- 
lishing the  advancement  of  the  planta- 
tion of  Virginia.  This  bill  was  pre- 
pared, and  was  signed  by  King  Charles 
on  June  27,  1631. 

He  was  appointed  one  of  the  com- 
missioners for  Virginia  tobacco,  June 
19,  1634  ;  was  master  of  the  rolls, 
April  18,  1636  ;  spoken  of  as  one  of 
the  committee  in  organizing  the  pro- 
posed English  West  India  Company  in 
1637.  He  died  March  18,  1639,  and 
was  buried  at  Chilham  near  Canterbury. 

"  An  accomplished  scholar,  traveler, 
statesman,  and  author,  a  patriotic 
member  of  Parliament,  and  a  princely 
merchant;  his  understanding  iew  could 
equal  ;  his  virtues  fewer  would y  and 
the  wisest  men  reckoned  liis  death 
among  the  public  calamities  of  those 
times." 

He  married  Mary,  youngest  daugh- 
ter and  co-heir  of  Sir  Thomas  Kenipe 
of  Olantigh,  by  whom  he  left  eight 
sons  and  three  daughters.  The  oldest 
son,  Thomas,  succeeded  to  Chilham, 
and  married  Mary,  daughter  of  Sir 
Maurice  Abbot.  Edward,  another  son, 
settled  in  Virginia  ;  was  a  member  of 
the  council ;  governor  of  the  colony  in 
1656  ;  died  March  15,  1676,  and  was 
buried  in  the  old  churchyard  at  Bell- 
field  about  eight  miles  from  Williams- 
burg on  James  River. 

Digges,   John,   3.     Sub. ;  pd. 

.     Of  Faversham,  second  son  of 

Sir  Dudley. 

Digges,  Thomas,  3.    Sub. ;  pd. 

.     Of  Chilham  Castle,  eldest  sou 

of  Sir  Dudley.  His  son,  Sir  Maurice, 
was  created  a  baronet  March  6,  1666 

Digges,  Thomas.  The  celebrated 
mathematician  ;  born  in  Kent  ;  entered 
Cambridge,  1546  ;  B.  A.,  1551  ;  M.  A., 
1557  ;  intimate  with  Dr.  John  Dee  ; 
M.  P.  for  Wallingford,  1572-83,  and 
for  the  town  of  Southampton,  1584-85. 
Muster-master-general  of  the  English 
forces  in  the  Netherlands,  1586-94. 
Interested  in  Antarctic  discoveries 
about  1590.  "  Died  in  London  August 
24,  1595,  and  was  buried  in  the  chan- 
cel of  the  church  of  St.  Mary,  Alder- 
nianbury,  where  a  monument  was 
erected  to  his  memory,  with  an  inscrip- 
tion which  describes  him  as  '  a  man 
zealously    aifected    to    true    religion, 


880 


DIKE  —  DRAKE 


wise,  discreete,  courteous,  faithfull  to 
his  friends,  and  of  rare  knowledge  in 
geometrie,  astrologie,  and  other  math- 
ematical sciences.'  "  He  married  Anne, 
daughter  of  Sir  Warham  St.  Leger 
(see  pedigree),  who,  surviving  him, 
died  in  1636,  aged  81.  They  had  issue, 
two  sons  and  two  daughters,  namely, 
Sir  Dudley  (aforesaid),  Leonard  (1588- 
1635),  the  poet,  Margaret,  the  wife  of 
Sir  Anthony  Palmer,  and  Ursula. 

Dike.     See  Dyke. 

Diugley,   John,    grocer,   2.      Sub. 

;    pd. .      Died    16'J6.     (See 

will  in  "  New  England  Register," 
January,  1888,  p.  73.) 

Dobson,  William,  esquire,  2.  Sub. 
£37  10s.;  pd.  £37  10s.  Born  1572;  of 
St.  Andrew,  Holborn  ;  married,  sec- 
ondly, in  1605,  Alice,  daughter  of  Ed- 
ward Barnes,  mercer,  of  St.  Mary 
Magdalen,  Milk  Street,  London,  He 
was  "  Clerk  of  the  Statutes  and  Recog- 
nizances taken  before  the  chief  jus- 
tices, the  Mayor  of  the  Staple,  and  the 
Recorder  of  London." 

Doderidge,  John,  esquire,  3.  Sub. 
£37  10s.  ;  pd.  £25.  An  eminent  law- 
yer, a  member  of  the  Society  of  the 
Middle  Temple,  author  of  various  pro- 
fessional works,  etc.  He  was  probably 
born  at  Barnstaple  in  1555  ;  entered 
Exeter  College,  Oxford,  1572  ;  Bach- 
elor of  Arts,  February  15,  1577  ;  en- 
tered the  Middle  Temple  ;  member  of 
the  Society  of  Antiquaries  ;  sergeant 
at  law,  January,  1604  ;  Prince  Henry's 
sergeant;  solicitor- general,  October 
28,  1604  ;  M.  P.  for  Horsham,  Sus- 
sex, 1604-11  ;  M.  C.  for  Ya.,  1606  ; 
principal  serjeant  at  law  to  the  king, 
June,  1607  ;  knighted  at  Whitehall, 
July  5,  1607  ;  member  of  the  New- 
foundland Company,  1610  ;  justice  of 
the  King's  Bench,  November  25,  1612  ; 
Master  of  Arts,  Oxford,  February  4, 
1614.  Died  near  Egham,  Surrey, 
September  13,  1628,  in  the  seventy- 
third  year  of  his  age,  and  "  was  in- 
terred under  a  stately  tomb  in  Our 
Lady's  Chapel  in  Exeter  Cathedral." 
He  was  married  three  times,  but  left 
no  issue.  Among  his  ptiblished  works 
are,  "The  Compleat  Parson,"  "The 
Lawyer's  Light,"  "  The  English  Law- 
yer," "  Law  of  Nobility  and  Peerage," 
etc.  Fuller  says,  "he  was  commonly 
called,  '  the  sleeping  judge,'  because  he 
would  sit  on  the  bench  with  his  eyes 


shut,  which  was  only  a  posture  of  at- 
tention, to  sequester  his  sight  from 
distracting  objects,  tlie  better  to  listen 
to  what  was  alleged  and  proved." 
"  His  soul  consisted  of  two  essentials, 
ability  and  integrity,  holding  the  Scale 
of  Justice  with  so  steady  an  hand,  that 
neither  love  nor  lucre,  fear  or  flattery, 
could  bow  him  on  cither  side." 

Doncaster,  Viscount.  —  James 
Hay. 

Donne,  John.  Born  in  1573  ;  with 
Essex  at  Cadiz,  1596,  and  the  Azores, 
1597  ;  married  Anne,  daughter  of  Sir 
George  More,  about  Christmas,  1600  ; 
persuaded  to  enter  the  church  by  King 
James  in  1614  ;  in  February,  1615, 
Lord  Carew  writes,  "  Mr.  John  Dun  is 
a  Minister,  the  King's  Chaplaine,  and 
a  Doctor  of  Divinite."  In  1621  dean 
of  St.  Paul's  ;  joined  the  Virginia 
Company  of  London  May  22,  1622, 
and  preached  the  sermon  before  the 
company  on  the  13th  of  November 
following,  on  the  text.  Acts  i.  8.  He 
died  on  March  31, 1631,  and  was  buried 
in  St.  Paul's  Cathedial.  An  eminent 
wit,  poet,  author,  and  divine.  His  son, 
George  Donne,  was  marshal  of  Vir- 
ginia, 1637-40,  and  wrote  "  Virginia 
Reviewed,"  addressed  to  King  Charles 
1.  He  descended  from  Judge  Rastall, 
whose  brother  came  to  America  iu 
1536. 

Dorchester,  Viscount.  —  Dudley 
Carleton. 

Dorset,  Earl  of.  —  Edward,  Rich- 
ard, and  Thomas  Sackville. 

DoAvnes,  John,  3.     Sub. ;  pd. 

£37  10s. 

Drake,  Sir  Bernard.  Naval  com- 
mander ;  eldest  son  of  John  Drake,  of 
Ashe  (whose  sister  Johanna  was  first 
wife  to  Walter  Ralegh,  of  Fardell),by 
his  wife  Amy,  daughter  of  Sir  Roger 
Grenville,  of  Stowe.  On  his  return 
from  Newfoundland,  for  his  services 
there,  he  was  knighted  by  Queen 
Elizabeth  January  9,  1586,  at  Green- 
wich. While  on  this  voyage  he  prob- 
ably visited  Monhegan  (N.  E.).  He 
died  April  10,  1586. 

Drake,  Sir  Francis.  Probably  the 
son  of  Robert,  third  son  of  the  last 
John  Drake  of  Otterton,  by  his  wife, 
Agnes  Kelloway.  The  date  of  his  birth 
is  variously  given  from  1539  to  1545 
inclusive.  Probably  born  at  Crown- 
dale,     near    Tavistock,     Devonshire ; 


ROBERT  SIDNEY 
Fir.^t  Earl  of  Leicester 


DRAKE  —  DRAYTON 


881 


uamed  for  his  godfather,  Francis  Rus- 
sell, afterwards  second  P^arl  of  Bed- 
ford. "  He  took  to  the  sea  "  at  an  early 
age  ;  "  at  eighteene  yeares  of  age  he 
was  made  a  pursei  of  a  ship  to  Biscay  ; 
at  twenty  yeares  of  age  he  went  to 
(iuynea;"  made  a  voyage  to  the 
West  Indies  in  1565  ;  with  Hawkins  in 
15G7-G8.  In  1570  he  registered  as  a 
Plymouth  freeman,  and  made  his  third 
voyage  to  the  West  Indies  ;  made  his 
fourth  voyage  in  1571  ;  and  his  fifth  in 
1572-73,  when  he  "  the  first  of  known 
Englishmen "  saw  the  great  "  South 
Sea."  Served  in  Ireland  under  Wal- 
ter, Earl  of  Essex,  1573-70.  Under 
the  patronage  of  Sir  Christopher  Hat- 
ton  ;  on  his  famous  voyage  around 
the  world,  December,  1577-Septem- 
ber,  1580  ;  knighted  by  Queen  Eliza- 
beth on  board  his  ship  the  Golden 
Hind,  April  4,  1581  ;  mayor  of  Plym- 
outh, 1582  ;  interested  in  Fenton's 
voyage,  1582-83  ;  M.  P.  for  Bossiney, 
1 584-85,  and  served  on  the  committee 
for  confirming  Ralegh's  patent ;  on 
the  celebrated  voyage  to  America, 
September,  1585,  to  Jidy,  1586  ;  went 
to  the  Netherlands  in  November,  1586 ; 
on  the  voyage  "  to  synge  the  King  of 
Spaine  hys  beard,"  April-June,  1587. 
He  was  a  friend  to  Rev.  John  Fox,  the 
martyrologist  ;  served  against  the 
Armada,  1588  ;  in  the  Portugal  expe- 
dition, 1589  ;  brought  water  to  Plym- 
outh from  the  River  Measy,  under 
contract,  from  December,  1590,  to 
April,  1591  ;  builded  six  mills,  1591 ; 
M.  P.  for  Plymouth,  1593  ;  sailed  on 
his  last  and  fatal  voyage  to  the  W'est 
Indies,  August  27,  1595.  Died  near 
Porto  Bello,  January  28,  1596,  "  and 
being  coffined  was  cast  into  the  Sea  " 
(the  Gulf  of  Mexico). 

"The  Starres  above  will  make  thee  knowne,  if 
men  here  silent  were, 
The  Siinne  hlmselfe  cannot  forget  his  fellow 
travailler." 

He  was  twice  married,  "  yet  he  him- 
self and  ten  of  his  brethren  died  with- 
out issue." 

"He  made  his  youngest  brother, 
Thomas,  his  heir,  who  was  with  him  in 
most  and  chiefest  of  his  imployments." 


Drake,  George.  This  may  be 
George  Drake,  of  Spratshays  in  Little- 
hain,  Devonshire,  whose  daughter  mar- 
ried Sir  John  Popham's  nephew,  Henry 
Ford,  brother  to  John  Ford,  the  drama- 
tist, and  father  of  Sir  Henry  Ford. 

Drake,  John,  esquire,  3.    Sub. ; 

pd.  £12  10s.  Of  Mount  Drake  and 
Ashe,  Devon  ;  son  of  Sir  Bernard 
Drake  (whom  see)  ;  is  thought  to  be 
the  person  of  that  name  who  sailed 
around  the  world  with  his  kinsman 
(1577-80),  and  won  the  chain  of  gold 
for  first  sighting  the  "  Cacaf uego,"  on 
March  1,  1579,  off  Cape  Francisco, 
South  America,  and  who  commanded 
the  Francis,  in  Fenton's  voyage  of 
1582,  when  the  vessel  was  cast  away 
near  the  River  of  Plate,  South  Amer- 
ica ;  but  he  escaped,  lived  with  the 
Spaniards  in  those  parts, "  and  finally 
returned  to  England.  No.  724  of  the 
Sale  Catalogue  of  the  late  James  Car- 
son Brevoort  is  the  report  of  his  ex- 
amination before  the  tribunal  of  the 
Inquisition  in  Lima,  Peru.  M.  P.  De- 
von, 1014,  1021-1^2,  and  1624-25  ;  of 
the  N.  E.  Council,  November  3,  1620; 
died  in  1628. 

Drake,  Captain  Thomas.  The 
only  one  of  Sir  Francis  Drake's  broth- 
ers who  left  issue.  He  married  Eliz- 
abeth   ,  and   died  April   4,   1606, 

leaving  a  daughter  Elizabeth,  wife  of 
John  Bamfield,  Esq.,  and  a  son  Francis 
(named  for  his  uncle  and  godfather), 
who  was  created  a  baronet  August  2, 
1022. 

Draper,  Thomas,  2.  Sub.  £37 10s. ; 
pd.  £87  10s.  Of  Lincoln's  Inn,  gent.; 
he  died  in  1611,  and  Avas  buried  in  the 
old  church  at  Islington.  He  married 
Sarah,  daughter  of  Roger  James  of 
Holland  ;  she  married,  secondly,  Sir 
Nicholas  Kempe,  and  died  in  1050. 

Draper,  Sara.  Pd.  £12  10s.  (See 
Thomas  Draper.) 

Drawfield  —  Drausfield,  Avery, 
grocer,  2.  Sub.  £37  10s.  ;  pd.  £l;5. 
Also  of  the  E.  I.  and  N.  W.  P.  com- 
panies.    He  died  in  1014. 

Drayton,  Michael,  1503-1631. 
The  poet  of  "  The  Virginian  Voyage  " 
was  born  within  a  few  miles  of  AVil- 
liam  Shakespeare,  .md  buried  within 
fewer  paces  of  Geoffrey  Chaucer  and 
Edmund  Spenser.  His  brow  is  crowned 
with  laurel,  "  A])ollo's  sacred  tree," 
iu  his  portrait  and  on  his  monument. 


882 


DREWllY  —  DUDLEY 


Drewry  —  Drury,  Sir  Drew,  the 

Elder,  2.     Sub. ;   pd.    £75.     Of 

Riddlesworth,  Norfolk  ;  born  iiboiit 
153'i  ;  gentleman  usher  of  the  privy 
chamber  to  Queen  Elizabeth  ;  sherilf 
of  Norfolk  in  157G  ;  was  knighted  at 
Waustead  in  Essex  in  September, 
1579.  Fuller  says,  "  He  was  joined  in 
commission  with  Sir  Amias  Paulet  to 
keep  Mary,  Queen  of  Scots  ;  and  dis- 
charged his  dangerous  trust  therein. 
It  moveth  me  not,  that  I  find  both 
these  knights  branded  for  puritans  ; 
being  confident  that  nickname,  in  rela- 
tion to  them  both,  was  first  pronounced 
tliroiigh  a  popish  mouth,  causelessly 
offended  at  their  religion."  He  died 
in  the  spring  of  1617.  He  married, 
first,  Elizabeth,  daughter  of  Sir  Philip 
Calthorpe,  by  Amata  Boleyn,  his  wife, 
aunt  to  Queen  Aune  Boleyn,  and,  sec- 
ondly, Catherine,  only  daughter  and 
heir  of  William  Finch,  Esq.,  of 
Lynsted  in  Kent.  By  the  latter  he  had 
issue. 

Drewry  —  Drury,  Sir  Robert,  2. 

Sub. ;  pd.  £10.    Born  about  157-3  ; 

knighted  at  Whitehall,  July  23, 1603  ; 
M.  P.  for  Suffolk,  1601-11.  He 
spent  a  part  of  the  summer  of  1605  in 
Flanders. 

M.  C.  for  Va.  Co.,  1609.  He  was  a 
patron  of  Rev.  Joseph  Hall,  rector  of 
Halstead  in  Suffolk,  in  1607,  and  also 
of  the  celebrated  Dr.  John  Donne,  to 
whom  he  gave  apartments  at  his  own 
house  in  Drury  Lane.  July  2,  1611, 
he  obtained  license  to  travel  for  three 
years  with  his  wife  and  family,  and  on 
December  4, 1611,  Chamberlain  writes, 
that  "  they  are  already  settled  at 
Amiens  and  with  them  John  Donne." 
At  the  end  of  three  years  he  returned 
to  England.  Was  M.  P.  for  Eye  in 
1614  ;  died  April  2,  1615,  leaving  his 
three  sisters  his  heirs  ;  "  only  he  gave 
away  his  land  in  Drury  Lane  to  Sir 
Henry  Drury,"  etc.  His  three  sisters 
were,  Frances,  married,  first.  Sir 
Nicholas  Clifford,  and,  secondly,  Sir 
AVilllam  Wray  ;  Elizabeth,  married 
AVilliam  Cecil,  son  and  heir  of  Thomas, 
Earl  of  Exeter  (she  died  February  26, 
1654,  aged  about  80)  ;  and  Diana,  who 
married  Sir  Edward  Cecil,  Viscount 
Wimbledon,  etc. 

Druerdent  —  Durdent,  Philip,  2. 

Sub. ;  pd.  £25. 

Dudley,  Robert,  Earl  of  Leicester, 


etc.  Born  in  1532  or  1533 ;  mar- 
ried Amy  Robsart  June  4,  1550  ;  pro- 
claimed Lady  Jane  Grey  Queen  of 
England  in  July,  1553  ;  condemned  to 
death  as  a  traitor,  January,  1554  ; 
pardoned,  Easter,  1555  ;  served  at 
battle  of  St.  Quentin,  1557  ;  master  of 
the  horse  to  Queen  Elizabeth,  1558  ; 
Knight  of  the  Garter  and  sworn  of  the 
Privy  Council,  1559 ;  the  great  favorite 
of  Queen  Elizabeth  ;  a  patron  of  the 
trade  with  Russia  ;  sudden  death  of 
his  wife  at  Cuinnor,  1560  ;  created 
Baron  Denbigh,  Earl  of  Leicester,  and 
elected  a  chancellor  of  Oxford  Uni- 
versity in  1564  ;  interested  in  the 
voyages  of  Capt.  John  Hawkins, 
1564-68  ;  secretly  married  Lady 
Douglas  Howard  in  1573  ;  received 
Queen  Elizabeth  at  Kenil  worth  in 
Jnly,  1575  ;  married  Lettice,  widow  of 
Walter,  Earl  of  Essex,  1578  ;  inter- 
ested in  the  voyages  of  Forbisher, 
1576-78,  and  of  Fenton,  1582-83  ; 
captain -general  of  the  expedition  to 
the  Netherlands,  December,  1585  ; 
sent  again,  1587  ;  generalissimo  of 
army  raised  against  Spaniards,  1588  ; 
died  at  Cornbury  Park,  Oxfordshire, 
September  4,  1588.  He  was  greatly 
interested  in  pushing  abroad  the  com- 
merce of  England. 

Dudley,  Sir  Robert,  son  of  the 
Earl  of  Leicester,  by  Lady  Douglas 
Howard,  was  born  in  1573  ;  made  a 
voyage  to  the  West  Indies,  November, 
1594,  to  May,  1595.  The  voyage  of 
Master  Benjamin  Wood  to  the  East 
Indies  in  1596  was  set  forth  chiefly  at 
his  charges  ;  knighted  by  Essex  at 
Cadiz  in  1596.  Failing  to  establish 
his  legitimacy  he  left  England  in  1605, 
and  "took  up  his  abode  in  the  terri- 
tories of  the  Grand  Duke  of  Tuscany," 
and  died  near  Florence  in  1639.  His 
first  wife  was  a  sister  to  Thomas  Cav- 
endish, the  circumnavigator  ;  his  sec- 
ond, Alice,  daughter  of  Sir  Thomas 
Leigh,  Bart.,  of  Stoneleigh.  He  was 
•'  the  first  of  all  that  taught  a  dog  to 
sit  in  order  to  catch  partridges.'' 
"  He  spent  forty  years  of  his  life,  and 
the  treasures  of  a  vast  income,  upon 
the  accumulation  of  authentic  material 
for  the  illustration  of  his  cherished 
subjects,  '  Hydrography  and  Naviga- 
tion,' "  and  at  least  a  part  of  the  fruit 
of  this  labor  is  given  in  his  "  Arcano 
del  Mare,"  fii-st  published  in  1646. 


DUNBAR  —  EDMONDS 


883 


Duubar,  Earl  of.  —  Ceorj^e  Hume. 

Buncombe,  Mr.  (Edward).  Of 
Baltlesden,  l^edfordshiie  ;  ^1.  P.  for 
Tavistock,  KJOl-ll  and  1G14. 

Dunn,  Sir  Daniel,  draper,  2.     Sub. 

;  pd. ■.    Son  of  Robert  Dunne, 

citizen  and  draper  of  London  ;  was 
educated  at  Oxford,  wbere  he  took 
the  degree  of  D.  C.  L.,  July  '20,  1580  ; 
M.  P.  Taunton,  IGOl  ;  knighted  July 
23,  1603  ;  M.  P.  Oxford  University, 
1601-11  and  1614  ;  was  master  of  the 
Requests,  dean  of  the  Arches,  and 
judge  of  the  Admiralty  Court  ;  died 
September  15,  1617. 

Dunn,  William,  2.    Sub. ;  pd. 

£2.5.  Probably  William  Dunn,  Doctor 
of  Phisick,  brother  of  Sir  Daniel. 

Duppa,   James,   brewer,  2.      Sub. 

;  pd. .     "  Dwelling  in  Saint 

Catharine's,  near  the  Tower  of  Lon- 
don." He  sent  out  a  voyage  to  Cherry 
Island  in  1607.  He  married  Anne, 
daughter  of  Sir  Roger  Jones,  and  one 
of  his  daughters  was  named  Lucretia. 

Duppa,  Jeffery,  brewer,  2.  Sub. 
£37  10s.;  pd.  £50.  "The  King's 
Brewer  of  Holdenby."  (The  cele- 
brated Bishop  Duppa  was  the  son  of 
Jeffery  and  Lucretia  Duppa.  Was  he 
a  brother  to  the  brewers  of  the  Vir- 
ginia Company  ?) 

Durette  —  Durant,  Philip,  2.   Sub. 

;  pd. .       Huguenot  ;    buried 

in  the  Parish  of  St.  Mary  Woolchurch 
Haw,  April  15,  1619. 

Dye,  Roger,  haberdasher,  3.  Sub. 
£37  10s.  ;  pd.  £37  10s.  Also  of  the 
E.  I.  and  N.  W.  P.  companies. 

Dyer,  Ed-wrard.  Interested  in  Fro- 
bisher's  voyages,  1576-78  ;  knighted 
(1596)  and  appointed  chancellor  of 
the  Order  of  the  Garter  ;  a  friend  of 
Essex  ;  a  poet.  He  was  buried  at 
St.  Saviour's,  Southwark,  May  11, 
1607. 

Dyke  —  Dike,  John,   fishmonger, 

2.     Sub. ;    pd.   £.30.     Third    son 

of  Thomas  Dyke,  of  Yorkshire  ;  a 
member  of  the  E.  I.  Co.  ;  on  the  Va. 
Commission  of  July  15,  1624. 

Dyke,  Thomas.  Sub.  £37  10s. 
Elder  brother  of  the  foregoing  John. 


He  died  in  1615,  leaving  his  adven- 
tures in  the  East  Indies,  Virginia,  and 
Somers  Islands  to  his  five  sons.  In 
1620  his  sons  John  and  Thomas  held 
£.50  aud  £25,  respectively,  of  paid-up 
stock  in  the  Virginia  Company. 

Dyot,  Anthony,  esquire,  3.  Sub. 
£37  10s.  ;  pd.  £25.  Of  Lichfield, 
barrister  at  law  ;  recorder  of  Tam- 
worth  ;  M.  P.  Lichfield,  1601  aud 
1604-11. 

Dyot,  Richard,  esquire,  son  of  the 
above  Anthony  ;  was  born  in  1590  ; 
M.  P.  Stafford,  1621-22  and  1624-25  ; 
Lichfield,  1627-L8,  and  1640  ;  recorder 
of  Stafford  and  of  the  Privy  Council  to 
Charles  I.  at  York  ;  was  knighted  at 
Dublin,  September  13,  1635  ;  died 
March  8,  1659,  aged  69. 

Eden,  Richard.  Born  about  1521  ; 
at  Cambridge,  1535—44  ;  was  j)rivate 
secretary  to  Sir  William  Cecil,  1552  ; 
published  a  translation  of  "JMunstcr's 
Cosmography"  in  1553,  "The  De- 
cades of  the  Newe  Worlde,  or  W^est 
India,"  in  1555.  He  published  sev- 
eral other  translations  of  travel.'*,  works 
on  navigation,  etc. ;  was  on  the  conti- 
nent mostly  from  1562  to  1573.  He 
died  in  1576. 

Edgecombe,  Piers.  "  Eldest  son  of 
Sir  Richard  ;  was  born  in  1536  ;  sheriif 
of  Devon  in  1566  ;  ]M.  P.  for  Cornwall, 
1562-63, 1572, 1588,  and  1592  ;  and  for 
Liskeard  borough,  1584  and  1586.  He 
died  in  1607."  His  son.  Sir  Richard 
Edgecombe,  was  a  member  of  the 
King's  Council  for  New  England  in 
1620.  Ancestor  of  the  present  Earl 
of  Mount-Edgcumbo. 

Edmonds,  Sir  Thomas.  Son  of 
Thomas  Edmonds,  customer  of  Plym- 
outh ;  born  at  Plymouth  about  1562; 
envoy  to  the  Court  of  France,  1588  ; 
agent  for  Elizabeth  at  the  Court  of 
France,  1592  ;  "  Secretary  to  the 
Queen  for  the  French  tongue,"  May, 
1596  ;  envoy  to  the  Archduke  at 
Brussels  in  December,  1599  ;  clerk  to 
the  Privy  Council  in  1600  ;  M.  P.  for 
Liskeard  in  Cornwall,  1601  ;  knighted 
May  20,  1603.  He  is  the  "  little  Ed- 
monds "  of  Sully's  "  Memoirs  ;  "  M.  P. 
for  Wilton,  1604-11;  ambassador 
resident  at  the  Court  of  Brussels  from 
August,  1604,  to  August,  1609;  ambas- 
sador to  France,  May,  1610,  to  1616; 
sworn  a    privy  councilor   and    comp- 


884 


EDMONDS  —  ELDRED 


troUer  of  the  liousehold,  December 
22,  1616.  In  January,  1617,  Winwood 
and  Edmonds  arranged  with  Searna- 
fissi  for  Ralegh  to  attack  Genoa  in  the 
interest  of  Savoy;  and  Ralegh  after- 
wards "  charged  Edmoudes  and  others 
with  having  instigated  him  to  attack 
Spain  on  his  last  voyage."  He  was 
appointed  treasurer  of  the  household, 
.Januarv,  1618  ;  clerk  of  the  crown  in 
the  King's  Bench,  16£0  ;  M.  P.  for 
Bewdley,  1621-22  ;  commissioner  for 
V^irginia  affairs,  July  15,  1624  ;  M.  P. 
Chichester,  1624-25  ;  Oxford  tlniver- 
sity,  1625  ;  Penryn,  16:28-29  ;  ambas- 
sador to  France,  June  1629  ;  commis- 
sioner of  plantations,  April  1634  ;  died 
September  20,  1639,  aged  77.  "He 
had  been  practised  in  the  arts  of  for- 
eign negotiation,  especially  in  France, 
almost  from  childhood,  and  was  a  min- 
ister of  great  abilities  and  integrit3%' ' 
It  is  said  that  "the  enemies  of  Eng- 
land never  concealed  their  fear  of 
him."  He  married,  first,  Magdalen, 
daughter  of  Sir  John  Wood  ;  their 
eldest  daughter,  Isabella,  married 
Henry,  fourth  Lord  De  la  Warr,  the 
eldest  son  of  the  first  governor-gen- 
eral of  Virginia.  Edmonds  married, 
secondly,  in  1626,  "  the  Right  Honor- 
able Sai'a  Lady  Hastings  late  wife  to 
Lord  Zouch  deceased." 

Edolph  —  Edolfe,  Sir  Robert,  3. 

Sub. ;  pd.  £37  10s.     Of  Hinxhill, 

Kent  ;  knighted  July  23,  1603  ; 
sheriff  of  Kent,  1609  ;  married,  in 
1590,  Emeline,  daughter  of  Sir  Thomas 
Scott  (see  Scott  pedigree). 

Edwards,  Richard.  Of  N.  W.  P. 
Co.  He  afterwards  joined  the  Vir- 
ginia Company,  and  was  on  the  com- 
mission of  July  15,  1624.  He  was 
alderman's  deputy  for  Bishopsgate 
ward,  married  Elizabeth,  daughter 
of  John  Still,  Bishop  of  Bath  and 
Wells.  He  was  also  of  the  E.  I.  Co., 
and  his  younger  brother,  William,  was 
sometime  president  for  that  company 
in  the  East  Indies.  Mr.  Edwards,  a 
Turkey  merchant,  i.  e.  member  of  the 
Turkey  Company,  is  said  to  have  been 
the  first  Englishman  to  introduce  the 
use  of  coffee  in  England  about  the 
year  1652.  The  Dutch  East  India 
Company  conveyed  coffee-trees  from 
Mocha  to  Holland  in  1616,  and  tlis 
coffee-berry,  I  sup])()s<',  before  tliat 
date.     It  is  highly  probable  that  the 


English  E.  I.  Co.,  brought  coffee  to 
England,  about  the  same  time,  as  a 
curiosity  possibly,  and  not  for  the 
trade. 


Egerton,  Sir  Thomas,  an  Illegiti- 
mate son  of  Sir  Richard  Egerton  of 
Ridley  ;  was  born  in  Cheshire,  1540; 
entered  Brasenose  College,  Oxford, 
15-56  ;  Lincoln's  Inn,  October  31, 
1560  ;  called  to  the  bar,  February  2, 
1572  ;  solicitor-general,  June  28, 
1581  ;  Lent  reader,  1582  ;  attorney- 
general,     June    2,     1592  ;     knighted 

1593  ;    master  of   the  rolls,  April  10, 

1594  ;  Lord  Keeper  of  the  Great 
Seal  and  member  of  the  Privy  Coun- 
cil, May  6,  1596.  (His  son  Thomas 
was  knighted  by  Essex  on  the  Island 
voyage,  1597.)  He  was  charged  with 
the  custody  of  Essex,  1599  ;  Baron  of 
Ellesmere  bv  James  I.,  July  19,  1603; 
lord  chancellor,  July  24,  1603  ; 
Chancellor  of  Oxford  University,  No- 
vember 3,  1610  ;  member  of  the  N. 
W.  P.  Co.,  1612  ;  Viscount  Brackley, 
November  7,  1616;  resigned  the  Great 
Seal,  March  3,  1617.  Died  at  York 
House,  in  the  Strand,  London,  on 
March  15,  1617,  and  was  buried  at 
Doddleston,  in  Cheshire,  the  place  of 
his  birth.  Lodge  says,  "  It  may  not 
be  too  much  to  say  that  for  purity  of 
reputation  this  great  man's  character 
stands  distinguished  from  tliose  of  all 
other  public  ministers  of  this  country 
in  all  ages  ;  while  for  wisdom  in 
council,  profound  knowledge  of  the 
laws,  and  general  learning,  he  has  sel- 
dom been  excelled." 

Egiock,    Sir    Francis,    3.      Sub. 

;  pd.  £37  10s.    Appomted  a  teller 

of  the  exchequer  for  life,  May  28, 
1603;  knighted  at  Whitehall,"^  July 
i:3,  1603  ;  M.  C.  for  Va.  Co.,  1612-20. 
He  was  seated  at  Egiocke  and  Sher- 
nock,  Coimty  Worcester  ;  married 
Eleanor,  daughter  of  Francis  Dinely, 
of  Charlton.  He  died  November  21, 
1622,  and  was  buried  in  the  Church 
of  St.  Margaret,  citj'  of  Westminster, 
under  a  fair  monument  at  the  upper 
end  of  the  chancel. 

Eldred,  John,  merchant.  2.  Sub. 
£37  10s.  ;  pd.  £137  10s.     Was  born 


ELDRED  —  ELFRITH 


885 


in  1552  at  New  Buckenham  in  Nor- 
t.jlk  ;  went  to  London,  devoted  him- 
s  If  to  business,  and  prospered.  He 
\v;is  one  of  "  the  honest  English  raer- 
ciiants  "  who  made  the  first  etfort  to 
oi)'Mi  an  overland  trade  with  East 
India.  They  departed  out  of  Lon- 
don upon  Shrove  Monday,  1583,  in 
the  ship  called  the  Tiger,  "  wherein 
they  went  for  Tripolis  in  Syria,  and 
from  thence  took  the  way  for  Aleppo." 
"  Her  husband  's  to  Aleppo  gone,  mas- 
ter of  the  Tiger."  (Shakespeare's 
'•  Macbeth,"  act  i.  3.)  He  remained  in 
the  East,  the  Holy  Land,  Asiatic  Tur- 
key, etc.,  traveling  and  trading,  about 
live  years,  and  returning  reached 
London,  March  26,  15S8,  a  wealthy 
man.  He  bought  the  manor  of  Great 
Saxham  in  Suffolk  in  1597,  and  built  a 
large  house  there.  He  was  a  member 
of  the  Levant  Company  ;  adventured 
£•400  in  the  voyage  to  East  India, 
September  22,  1599  ;  one  of  the  di- 
rectors for  setting  forth  a  voyage  for 
the  discovery  of  the  trade  of  the  East 
Indies,  September  23,  1600  ;  an  in- 
corporator of  the  E.  I.  Co.,  December 
31,  1600,  of  which  company  he  was 
one  of  the  first  directors,  remaining 
in  that  office  for  many  years  and  ad- 
venturing large  sums  of  money  in  that 
enterprise  for  the  advancement  of 
English  commerce  ;  M.  C.  for  Va., 
1606  :  M.  C.  for  Va.  Co.,  1609.  His 
name  is  frequently  met  with  in  the 
state  papers  in  connection  with  ad- 
vances of  money  to  Queen  Elizabeth 
and  James  I.  He  was  a  leading  busi- 
ness man  of  the  period  ;  an  importer 
of  tobacco  ;  a  farmer  of  the  preemp- 
tion of  tin  ;  a  contractor  for  lands  ; 
contractor  for  the  customs,  etc.  ;  ou3 
of  those  who  set  forth  Henry  Hudson 
in  April,  1610,  for  the  discovery  of 
the  Northwest  passage  ;  an  incorpo- 
rator and  director  of  the  N.  W.  P. 
Co.,  July  26,  1612.  Purchas,  wrlti;ig 
about  1621,  says,  "  Master  Eldred  yet 
liveth  a  grave,  rich,  and  pri.inpall 
Citizen."  "He  died  at  Great  Sax- 
ham  in  1632,  and  was  buried  there  in 
the  church  on  Dec.  8."  He  married 
Mary,  daughter  of  Thomas  Revett, 
of  Rishangles  in  Suffolk.  His  son, 
Revett  Eldred,  was  created  a  baronet 
in  1612. 

Eldred,    Walter,    merchant-tailor. 
Pd.  2s.  6d.     March  18,  1620,  Thomas 


Hodges  left  by  will  three  shares  of 
land  iu  Virginia  to  Walter  Kldr,'d. 

Elfrith  —  Elfred  —  Elfree  —  El- 
frey  —  Elfrye,  Captain  Daniel.  He 
first  appears  as  an  officer  serving  un- 
der Captain  Fisher,  on  board  of  a  ship 
"  sent  out  upon  a  discovery  into  the 
river  of  the  Amazones,"  probably 
under  Harcourt's  charter  of  August 
28,  1613.  "As  they  went,  a  Spanish 
frigate  comeinge  in  their  waye  their 
catchinge  fingers  layd  fast  hold  on  her, 
and  this  Elfrye  (being  in  good  trust 
with  Fisher)  was  putt  into  her  as 
master,  who  takeiuge  his  opportunitie, 
requited  him  so  well  as  sone  after  he 
gave  him  the  slyp,  and  then  shaped  his 
course  to  the  Bermudas  ; "  where  he 
arrived  about  February,  1614,  and  suc- 
coured the  hungry  colony,  with  his 
cargo  of  meal.  "  Yet  with  the  meal 
came  a  number  of  rats  (the  first  that 
the  islands  ever  saw),  which  multiply- 
ing themselves  by  an  infinite  increase," 
a  few  years  after  placed  the  colony  in 
jeopardy. 

Elfrith  went  to  England,  on  one  of 
the  returning  vessels,  in  the  spring  of 
1614,  leaving  his  Spanish  frigate  at 
the  Bermudas,  and  I  find  nothing 
more  of  him  until  April,  1618,  when 
he  sailed  from  England  in  command 
of  that  celebrated  ship,  the  Treasurer, 
'•  licensed  by  a  commission  from  the 
Duke  of  Savoye  (obtained  by  Robert 
Lord  Rich  from  Count  Scarnafissi)  to 
take  Spaniards  as  lawfull  prize."  He 
arrived  in  Virginia  late  in  the  sum- 
mer ;  where  Governor  Argall  refitted 
his  vessel  and  "  sent  him  with  the 
same  commission  to  raunge  the  West 
Indies."  He  arrived  in  the  Bermudas 
in  the  winter  of  1618-19,  and  after 
some  six  weeks'  stay,  set  out  on  his 
roving  voyage.  He  returned  to  Vir- 
ginia, in  consortship  with  a  man-of- 
war  of  Flushing,  late  in  the  summer 
of  1619,  "  with  a  part  of  one  hundred 
negroes  which  he  had  captured  from  a 
Spanish  vessel  ;"  leaving  some  (20?) 
of  these  negroes  in  Virginia,  he  soon 
sailed  from  there,  taking  the  remainder 
(29)  to  the  Bermudas.  The  Dutch 
man-of-war  may  have  had  negroes  on 
board,  but  Captain  Elfrith,  "under 
cover  of  a  commission  "  from  Charles 
Emmanuel  I.  the  Great.  Duke  of 
Savoy,  is  responsible  for  bringing  the 
first   negroes   to   the   colony   of    V^ir- 


886 


ELFRITH  —  ERIZO 


ginia.  "  The  proceeding  of  the  Treas- 
urer was  esteemed  not  only  a  mani- 
fest act  of  piracy,  but  also  a  thing  of 
great  danger  to  the  colony,  consider- 
ing its  weak  conditiou  and  the  great 
strength  of  the  Spaniards  in  the  West 
Indies,"  and  "  the  evente  thereof  (we 
may  misdoubte)  will  prove  some  at- 
tempte  of  the  Spaniard  upon  us,  either 
by  way  of  revenge,  or  by  way  of  pre- 
vention; least  we  may  in  time  make  this 
place  [Virginia]  sedem  belli  against  the 
West  Indies."  For  these  reasons  the 
reports  of  the  said  proceeding,  given 
out  at  that  time,  are  incomplete  and 
guarded  ;  but  I  have  copies  of  several 
documents  in  the  premises  (which 
have  never  been  printed)  giving  ample 
information.  To  show  how  perfect 
the  Spanish  system  of  obtaining  news 
then  was,  it  may  be  mentioned  that 
Fray  Diego  de  Lafuente  ("  Padre 
Maestro ")  Gondomar's  confessor  in 
England,  knew  of  the  acts  of  the  Treas- 
urer in  the  West  Indies  prior  to  May, 
1619.     (See  Captain  Argall.) 

Captain  Elfrith  remained  in  the 
Bermudas  for  nearly  ten  years  ;  was 
for  a  time  a  member  of  the  council 
there,  and  probably  made  more  than 
one  voyage  from  there  to  the  West 
Indies.  His  daughter  married  Capt. 
Philip  Bell,  governor  of  the  Bermudas, 
16*26-29,  and  brother  to  Sir  Robert 
Bell. 

Elfrith  sailed  for  England  on  the 
Earl  Warwick  late  in  March,  1629, 
and  arrived  late  in  April.  He  came 
to  reveal  to  the  Earl  of  Warwick 
and  Sir  Nathaniel  Rich  his  discovery 
(while  on  one  of  his  roving  voyages) 
of  the  island  of  St.  Catalina,  and  he 
possibly  commanded  the  successful 
voyage  of  discovery  sent  out  by  those 
gentlemen  in  that  year  to  the  West 
Indies. 

In  1630  he  was  appointed  by  the 
company  to  act  as  governor  of  Provi- 
dence Islands  (Bahamas)  until  the 
arrival  of  his  son-in-law,  Capt.  Philip 
Bell,  the  governor.  "  He  was  then  to 
be  admiral,  and  next  in  precedence  to 
the  governor."  Bell  arrived  in  1631, 
and  Admiral  Elfrith  soon  went  to 
roving  in  the  West  Indies  and  to  Cape 
Gracias-it-Dios.  May  10,  1632,  the 
coni))nny  wrote  to  him  "condemning 
his  indiscretion  in  too  freely  enter- 
taining a  MuUetto,  as  you  call  him,  in 


the  island,  and  in  taking  a  Spanish 
frigate."  July  3,  1633,  they  conferred 
upon  him  the  command  of  the  fort  at 
Black  Rock  (Nassau  ?)  as  an  evidence 
of  "  our  love  and  opinion  of  your 
fidelity,"  and  March  28,  1636,  they 
wrote  him  that  '•  they  were  willing  to 
employ  his  son  in  a  ship  for  taking 
prizes.  Having  procured  liberty  to 
right  themselves  of  the  Sjjaniard." 

In  1636  and  1637  there  were  dissen- 
sions among  the  officers  in  the  Islands, 
and  in  July,  1637,  he  wrote  to  the 
company  asking  liberty  to  come  home, 
which  was  granted  in  March,  1638, 
and  he  was  allowed  to  bring  his  ne- 
groes away  with  him ;  but  he  sold  them 
in  1639  to  his  successor,  Capt.  Na- 
thaniel Butler,  for  the  company's  use. 
Among  the  leading  members  of  the 
company  were  Henry  Rich,  Earl  of 
Holland,  Robert  Rich,  Earl  of  War- 
wick, William  Lord  Say  and  Sele, 
Robert  Lord  Brooke,  Sir  Edward 
Harwood,  Sir  Nathaniel  Rich,  and 
John  Pym. 

Soon  after  Elfrith's  return  to  Eng- 
land, he  petitioned  the  company  for 
satisfaction  for  his  services  in  the 
Bahamas,  to  which  they  replied  Ma}' 
9,  1640,  that  "  they  conceive  nothing 
justly  due  him."  And  this  is  the  last 
entry  which  I  find  regarding  the  man 
who  carried  the  first  rats  to  the  Ber- 
mudas and  the  first  negroes  to  Vir- 
ginia, —  that  is,  to  the  English  colony; 
the  Spaniards  carried  negroes  there  in 
1526. 

Elizabeth,  Princess.  —  Elizabeth 
Stuart. 

Elizabeth,  Queen.     See  Tudor. 

Elkin,  John,  merchant,  2.  Sub. 
;  pd.  £T5. 

EUesmere,  Lord.  Thomas  Egerton. 

Ellis,  John,  grocer,  2.     Sub. ; 

pd.  .  Entered  and  sworn  to  free- 
dom in  the  Grocers'  Company  Au- 
gust 6,  1606  ;  of  St.  Lawrence,  Old 
Jewry  ;  married,  in  1608,  Cecily, 
daughter  of  Richard  Wood. 

Erizo,  Captain  James.  Son  of 
Richard  Erisey,  of  Erisey  in  Cornwall. 
He  died  February  3,  1601,  aged  4"). 
(James  Erisey,  of  Erisey  in  Cornwall, 
esquire,  of  the  same  family  as  Rich- 
ard aforesaid  had  a  daughter  Honor, 
who  married  William  Tucker,  and 
their  son  William  is  said  to  have  been 
the  William  Tucker  of  the  Va.  Co.) 


ERONDELLE  —  EVELIN 


887 


Erondelle  —  Arundell,  Peter,  3. 

Sub. ;  pd. .    "  A  Declination 

and  Ciitholick  exhortation  to  all  Cliris- 
tian  Princes  to  succour  the  Church  of 
of  God  and  llealme  of  France.  W^rit- 
ten  by  Feter  Erondelle,  natife  of 
Normandie.  Faithfully  t;auslated  out 
of  the  French.  At  Loinlou,  Imprinted 
by  Edward  Aggas,  1586."  "The 
French  Garden  :  for  English  Ladyes 
and  Gentlewomen  to  walke  in.  .  .  . 
By  Peter  Erondel,  Professor  of  the 
same  Language.  London,  Printed  for 
Edward  White.  .  .  .  1G05."  "The 
French  Schoole-Maister.  ...  P.  Eron- 
delle, London,  1612."  He  reassigned 
to  Sir  Thomas  Roe  three  shares  of 
land  in  Virginia,  February  16,  16.^^. 
He  went  to  V^irginia  on  the  Abigail  in 
1621,  and  in  February,  162|,  Peter, 
John,  Elizabeth,  and  Margaret  Arun- 
dell were  living  at  Buck  Roe,  Eliza- 
beth City.  He  was  granted,  in  1624, 
200  acres  by  patent  on  Back  River  in 
Elizabeth  City  in  right  of  a  bill  of 
adventure  of  £287  4s.  dated  in  1617. 
He  died  prior  to  2.3  January,  162|, 
leaving  a  son,  John  (born  in  1602),  as 
heir  to  his  rights  in  Virginia. 

Essex,  Earl  of — Robert   Devereux. 

Essington,  ■William,  merchant  of 
London.  Son  of  John  Essington,  of 
Cowley  near  Essington,  Gloucester- 
shire. He  married,  first,  Martha, 
daughter  of  Sir  Thomas  Hays,  lord 
mayor  ;  secondly,  Hester,  daughter  of 
Sir  Roger  Jones,  and  niece  of  Thomas 
Jones,  Archbishop  of  Dublin  and  lord 
chancellor  of  Ireland.  Was  of  the 
E.  I.  Co.,  and  one  of  the  auditors  of 
the  Va.  Co.  of  London.  He  was  still 
living  in  1634. 

Etheridge  (or  Etherege),  George, 
gent.,  2.  Sub.  £37  10s.;  pd.  £62  10s. 
(Of  Maydenhed,  in  County  Berks, 
whose  daughter  married  William  Can- 
ning, of  P^Isenham,  Essex,  eldest  son 
of  William  Canning  (whom  see)  ?) 

Evans,  Hugh,  2.     Sub. ;  pd. 

£.50. 

Evans,   Richard,    2.     Sub.   ; 

pd.  £.jO. 

Evans,  WilUam,  2.  Sub.  £37  10s.; 
pd.  £87  10s. 

(They  were  from  Wales,  evidently 
merchants  of  London,  and  members 
of  the  E.  I.  Co.  At  least  ten  men  of 
the  surname  Evans  emigrated  to  Vir- 
ginia before  lG2o.) 


Evelin, .  Lawyer  for  the  de- 
fendant. Probably  the  following  John 
Evelin,  Esq. 

Evelin,   John,    Esquire.,   3.     Sub. 

;  pd. .    Of  Godstone,  brother 

of  Robert  (see  below)  ;  was  born 
about  1554;  married,  about  1582,  Eliz- 
abeth, daughter  uf  William  Stevens. 
Queen  Elizabeth  visited  him  in  1500 
at  Kingston.  He  died  April  17,  1627. 
He  was  not  a  knight. 

Evelin,  John,  3.     Sub. ;  pd. 

.     Son   of    the    preceding    John. 

He  was  M.  P.  for  Bletchingley  in 
1628-29  and  1640  till  secluded  ;  was 
knighted  in  1641  ;  died  January  18, 
1664  ;  father  of  the  hrst  baronet. 

Evelin,  Richard.  Father  of  John 
Evelyn,  Esq.,  the  elegant  author,  and 
half  brother  to  the  following. 

Evelin,  Robert,  armorer  2.  Sub. 
;  pd.  £17. 

Extract  from  the  Evelin  pedigree  : 
George  Evelin,  "  who  first  brought  the 
art  of  making  gunpowder  to  perfection 
in  England,"  was  born  in  1526  ;  mar- 
ried, first,  Rose,  daughter  of  Thomas 
Williams,  brother  and  heir  of  Sir  John 
Williams,  knight  ;  she  was  buried  at 
Long  Ditton  July  21,  1577.  He  mar- 
ried, second,  Joane  Stint,  to  whom  the 
letter  is  addressed.  He  died  May  29, 
1603.  By  his  two  wives  he  had  24 
children,  of  whom  John  and  Robert 
were  by  his  first  wdfe,  and  Richard 
by  the  second  wife.  Robert's  brother 
John,  and  his  (John's)  son  John  were 
both  members  of  the  Va.  Co.  of  Lon- 
don in  1612. 

Robert  Evelin  was  probably  born 
at  Long  Ditton  in  Surrey  about  1570  ; 
married,  October  19,  1590,  at  St. 
Peter's,  Cornhill,  London,  Susannah, 
daughter  of  Gregory  Young.  (Her 
brother,  Capt.  Thomas  Young,  came 
to  Virginia,  and  his  son,  Capt.  Thomas 
Young,  of  Chickahominy,  was  executed 
in  January,  167^  for  taking  part  in 
Bacon's  rebellion.)  Robert  Evelyn, 
his  brother  John,  and  others  had  a  li- 
cense granted  to  them  August  24, 
1599,  for  the  sole  making  of  saltpetre 
and  gunpowder  for  ten  years.  He  was 
a  member  of  the  Va.  Co.  of  London  in 
1609  ;  came  to  V^irginia  about  KilO. 
In  1620  there  was  still  to  his  credit  on 
the  Va.  Co.'s  books  the  sum  of  £17. 
He  died  before  16.39.  Two  of  his 
sous  came  to    Virginia,   viz.:    Robert 


888 


EVELIN  —  FANSHAWE 


(who  died  there)  and  George  (see 
"The  Evelyns  m  America,"  by  G.  D. 
Scull,  1881).  Of  George  (the  eldest 
son)  I  will  add  the  following :  He 
was  born  in  London  January  31, 159 1 ; 
married  Jane,  daughter  of  Richard 
Crane  of  Dorset  :  emigrated  to  Mary- 
land, 163G  ;  was  governor  of  Kent 
Island,  Maryland  ;  returned  to  Eng- 
land, and  died  there.  At  least  two  of 
his  children  settled  in  Virginia,  viz.: 
Mountjoy  and  Rebecca.  Mountjoy 
married  November  29,  1653,  Dorothy, 
daughter  of  Obedience  Robins,  of 
Northampton  County,  Vii'ginia  (see 
Edward  Waters).  Rebecca  married, 
secondly,  "  y"  Hon*"''  Daniel  Parke, 
sometime  Secretary  of  the  Colony  of 
Virginia,"  by  whom  she  had  an  only 
son,  Col.  Daniel  Parke,  who  married 
Lucy  Ludvvell,  and  had  by  her  two 
daughters,  Lucy,  who  married  Col. 
William  Byrd,  and  Frances,  who  mar- 
ried John  Custis,  and  their  son,  John 
I  Parke  Custis,  married  Martha  Dan- 
j  dridge  (she  married,  secondly.  Gen. 
i  George  Washington),  and  their  great 
granddaughter,  Mary  Custis,  married 
Gen.  Robert  E.  Lee. 

Everard,  Capt.  Michael,  2.  Sub. 
;  pd.  .  Knighted  at  Roys- 
ton,  January  18,  1614.  Chamberlain 
to  Carleton,  May  12,  1614  :  "  There 
hath  been  a  brawl  fallen  out  lately  at 
Flushing  among  our  captains,  wherein 
Sir  Michael  Everard,  sergeant-major, 
struck  Sir  John  Throckmorton,  lieu- 
tenant-governor, and,  being  convented, 
would  not  come  till  he  was  fetched 
with  five  hundred  men.  He  married 
an  heir,  one  Meg  Stewart,  a  fair,  ill- 
favored  piece,  who  is  come  over  to 
solicit  his  cause,  and  finds  so  great 
friends  that  he  is  like  to  be  delivered 
and  sent  for  liome." 

Eversfield,  Sir  Thomas,  3.     Sub. 

;   pd.  £12  10s.     Knighted  at  Sir 

William  Fleetwood's  in  July,  1603. 
He  was  seated  at  Den  in  Sussex  ; 
married  Christian,  daughter  of  Sir 
Robert  Sandy,  alias  Napier. 

Evington,  Francis,  merchant-tail- 
or. Pd.  £1.  Of  the  K.  I.  and  N.  W. 
P.  companifs. 

Ewens,  Ralph,  esquire,  2.  Sub. 
£37  10s.;  pd.  £37  lOs.  Of  Gray's 
Inn  ;  was  born  aboiit  1569.  Married, 
in  1603  or  1604,  Mrs.  Margaret  Hotoft, 
of   St.    Botolph,    Aldersgate,    widow. 


Auditor  of  Queen  Anne.  Died  before 
September,  1611. 

Ewre  —  Eure,    Ralph    Lord,    2. 

Sub.  ;  pd. .     Succeeded  his 

father  in  1594  as  third  Baron  Eure. 
One  of  the  commissioners  at  Bremen 
1602-03  ;  lord  president  of  Wales  in 
1607.  Crasliaw  dedicated  CCXXX. 
to  him  in  1613.     Died  April  1,  1617. 

Exeter,  Earl  of.  —  Thomas  and 
William  Cecil. 

Exton,    John.      Sub.    ;    pd. 

£12  10s. 

Exton,  Nicholas,  draper,  2.  Sub. 
£37  10s.;  pd.  £75.  Of  St.  Mary  Ab- 
church  ;  married,  in  1585,  Miss  Judith 
Westwray. 

Facet.     See  Fawcett. 

Fajardo — Fazardo,  Don  luys. 
Admiral  of  the  Spanish  royal  navy. 
Noted  for  hanging  and  drowning  his 
prisoners.  I  suppose  Lymbry  was  his 
pilot  when  he  was  operating  against 
the  pirates  in  the  summer  of  1609, 
and  that  Clark  saw  him  at  that  time. 

Faldoe  (Volday  ?)  William,  fish- 
monger, 3.     Sub.  ;   pd.  £12  10s. 

This  may  be* the  person  who  came  to 
Virginia  in  1608.  Smith,  who  gener- 
ally gives  the  wrong  name,  called  him 
"  Volday ;"  Dale  calls  him  "Faldoe, 
the  Helvetian."  (Robert  Faldo,  Esq., 
married  Sir  George  Yardley's  niece, 
Anne  Palmer.) 

Falkland,  Viscount.  —  Henry 
Carey. 

Falmouth, 
Berkeley. 

Fansha-we, 
£60  ;  pd.  £70, 


Earl     of.  —  Charles 


Sir  Henry,  2.  Sub. 
Of  Ware  Park  ;  son 
of  Thomas  Fanshawe,  Esq.,  remem- 
brancer of  the  exchequer  to  Queen 
Elizabeth,  by  his  first  wife,  Mary, 
daughter  of  Anthony  Bourchier,  Esq. ; 
was  baptized  at  Christ  Church  in  Lon- 
don, August  13, 1569.  M.  P.  for  West- 
bury,  1588-89  and  1592-93,  and  for 
Boroughbridge  in  1597-98.  His  father 
died  in  1601,  and  he  succeeded  him 
as  remembrancer  of  the  exchequer; 
was  knighted  May  7,  1603  ;  M.  C.  for 
Va.  Co.,  May  23, 1609.  He  was  an  in- 
corporator of  the  N.  W.  P.  Co.,  July 
26,  1612.  He  died  March  10,  1616, 
aged  48,  and  was  buried  at  Ware. 

Chamberlain  wrote  to  Carleton, 
March  27,  1616  :  "  Since  you  went,  we 
have  lost  Sir  Henry   Fanshawe,  who, 


FANSHAWE  —  FENTOX 


889 


being  at  dinner  the  0th  of  this  present, 
at  the  assizes  at  Hertford,  was  sud- 
denly stricken  with  a  dead  palsy,  that 
took  him  away  in  forty  hours.  He  is 
much  lamented,  and  so  geiierally  well 
spoken  of,  as  I  have  not  known  any 
man,  which  is  no  small  comfort  to 
them  that  loved  him,  as  it  was  like- 
wise a  great  happiness  to  himself  that 
his  memory  continued  till  the  very 
end,  and  his  speech  did  not  quite  fail 
him  till  some  three  or  four  hours  be- 
fore his  departure.  He  hath  left  all 
in  good  order,  and  had  made  his  will 
above  two  years  agone  ;  but  the  rever- 
sion of  his  office  was  in  great  hazard 
by  reason  of  his  son  lacking  almost 
two  years  of  twenty-one,  was  said  to 
be  unfit  or  rather  incapable  to  execute 
it.  But  by  Mr.  Secretary's  good 
means,  it  is  now  settled  in  Sir  Chris- 
topher Hatton  and  Sir  Arthur  Harris 
for  his  use  till  he  come  of  age,  and 
they  have  appointed  John  West  for 
his  deputy." 

Sir  Henry  Fanshawe  married  Eliza- 
beth Smythe,  the  youngest  sister  of 
Sir  Thomas  Smythe,  the  first  treasurer 
of  the  Va.  Co.,  by  whom  he  w.as  the 
father  of  five  sons  and  five  daughters. 
The  oldest  son,  Thomas,  who  suc- 
ceeded his  father  as  remembrancer 
and  in  the  Va.  Co.,  was  afterwards 
created  Viscount  Fanshawe.  The 
fourth  son,  Richard  Fanshaw,  knight 
and  baronet,  the  celebrated  diploma- 
tist, translator,  etc.,  married  Anne 
Harrison,  niece  of  George  Harrison, 
the  early  Virginia  duelist.  The  sec- 
ond daughter,  Mary,  married,  in  1616, 
William  Newce,  of  Hadham,  possibly 
the  same  person,  who  died  in  Virginia 
about  December,  1621. 

Fanshawe,  Lady.  Sir  Henry's 
wife  (see  Smythe  pedigree).  Her 
daughter-in-law,  Anne,  Lady  Fan- 
shawe, wrote  in  terms  of  the  highest 
praise  of  her. 

Farmer,    George,   gent.,   2.     Sub. 

;    pd.    £25.      Probably    George 

Fermor. 

Farmer,  John,  grocer,  2.  Sub. 
£37  lOs.  ;  pd.  £100. 

Farrington,      Richard,    2.      Sub. 

;  pd.  £25.     His   lirother  George 

was  "a  priest;"  sheriff  of  London, 
1608  ;  alderman,  1609. 

Fawcett  —  Faucett  —  Forsett, 
Edv/ard,  2.     Sub.  £'57  10s. ;  pd.  £75. 


Of  Tyburn,  Middlesex.  "  A.s  a  jus- 
tice of  peace  he  showed  himself  very 
active  in  the  examination  of  those  con- 
cerned in  the  Gunpowder  Plot."  Au 
officer  of  the  Tower,  "  he  occasionally 
took  charge  during  the  absence  of  the 
lieutenant.  Sir  William  Waad."  The 
manor  of  Marylebone  was  granted  to 
him  by  James  in  1611.  Of  the  S.  I. 
Co.  He  sold  three  shares  in  Virginia 
to  Mr.  Nicholas  Ferrar,  February  27, 
162^.  He  died  about  1630.  The  au- 
thor "of  two  ably  written  pamphlets: 
1.  '  A  Comparative  Discourse  of  the 
Bodies  Natural  and  Politique,'  1006, 
and  2.  '  A  Defence  of  the  llight  of 
Kings,'  1624."  (See  "Die.  of  Nat. 
Bio."  vol.  XX.  p.  10.) 

Fearne  —  Feme,  Sir  John.  Sub. 
;  pd.  £25.  With  Ralegh  in  Gui- 
ana in  1617. 

Fearne  —  Feme,  John.-  Sub. ; 

pd.  £12  lOs.     Of  tlie  S.  I.  Co. 

Felgate,  William,  merchant,  2. 
Sub.  £37  10s.;  pd.  £62  lOs.  Of  the 
S.  I.  Co.  Patented  lands  in  Virginia, 
1622,  and  on  May  20  passed  one  hun- 
dred acres  to  Capt.  Tobias  Felgate  ;  a 
commissioner  for  Virginia  in  1633. 
He  was  still  trading  with  Virginia  in 
1039. 

Fennor,  John.  Sub. ;  pd.  £50. 

Fenner  —  Fennor  —  Vennor, 
Captain  Thomas.  The  four  men 
wliom  Lord  Howard  chose  as  his 
advisers  in  the  attack  on  the  Armada 
(1588),  and  of  whom  he  wrote,  "The 
Worlde  dothe  judge  to  be  men  of  the 
greatest  experience  that  the  realme 
bathe,"  were  Sir  Francis  Drake,  Capt. 
John  Hawkins,  Capt.  Martin  Frobi- 
sher,  and  Capt.  Tiiomas  Fenner. 

Fenton,  Captain  Edward.  Son  of 
Henry  Fenton  of  Fenton  in  the  parisb 
of  Sturton,  and  "  brother  to  Sir  (ieof- 
frey  Fenton  ;  was  born  in  Notting- 
hamshire ;  "  served  in  Ireland  under 
Sir  Henry  Sidney  in  1566  ;  an  officer 
in  Frobisber's  voyages  to  the  North- 
west in  1576-78  ;  again  in  Ireland  in 
1580  ;  one  of  tliose  mentioned  by 
Hakluyt  as  having  written  about  his 
travels  prior  to  1582.  The  project  to 
attempt  a  fourth  voyage  to  tlie  East 
Indies  via  the  Northwest  finally  re- 
sulted in  Fenton's  voyage  of  1582.  A 
large  stock  company  was  formed,  and 
there  was  much  ditferenoe  of  opinion. 
The  Frobisher  party  wisiied   to  make 


890 


FENTON  —  FERRAR 


another  attempt  by  the  Northwest  ; 
the  Carlisle  party,  it  seems,  wished  to 
try  America  to  the  southwest  of  Cape 
Breton,  while  the  Fenton  party  wished 
to  work  the  rich  fields  of  the  South 
Sea,  which  had  so  recently  afforded 
such  a  rich  harvest  to  Sir  Francis 
Drake  ;  and  this  idea  prevailed.  Fro- 
bisher  and  Carleill  declined  to  go. 
Fenton  sailed  for  the  Moluccas  in 
June,  1582,  and  returned  to  England 
in  May,  1583  ;  failed  in  the  object 
of  his  voyage,  but  defeated  a  Spanish 
squadron  ;  was  a  captain  in  the  Ar- 
mada fight,  1588  ;  was  buried  in  St. 
Nicholas'  Church,  Deptford,  August 
31,  1603,  where  a  monument  to  his 
memory  relates  his  achievements.  He 
married  Thomazin,  daughter  of  Ben- 
jamin Gonson.  She  married,  secondly, 
Christopher,  son  of  Sir  R.  Browne,  of 
Deptford.  His  niece  married  Richard 
Boyle,  first  Earl  of  Cork,  and  their 
son,  the  Hon.  Robert  Boyle,  was  a 
benefactor  of  William  and  Mary  Col- 
lege, Virginia.    (See  Gonson  pedigree.) 

Ferdinando,  Simon.  A  Portuguese 
pilot  in  Walsingham's  service  ;  sailed 
with  Drake  in  1577  on  a  vessel  which 
returned  ;  made  a  voyage  to  our  coast 
to  the  southwest  of  Cape  Breton  in 
1579  ;  a  pilot  of  Fenton's  voyage  in 
1582-83,  of  Amidas  and  Barlow  in 
1584,  of  Greenville  in  1585,  and  of 
White  in  1587.  He  was  interested  in 
the  Roanoke  colony,  and  possibly  re- 
mained and  died  there. 

Feme.     See  Fearne. 

Ferrar,  Nicholas,  Sr.,  skinner, 
2.  Sub.  £37  10s.  ;  pd.  £50.  Born 
about  1546  ;  "  brought  up  in  the  pro- 
fession of  a  Merchant  Adventurer, 
and  traded  very  extensively  to  the 
East  and  West  Indies  and  to  all  the 
celebrated  seats  of  commerce;"  died 
in  April,  1620,  and  was  buried  in  the 
Church  of  St.  Bennet  Sherhog,  Lon- 
don. He  gave  by  will  "  £300  to  the 
College  in  Virginia,  to  be  paid  when 
there  shall  be  ten  of  the  Infidels  chil- 
dren placed  in  it,  and  in  the  meane 
time  24  pounds  by  the  yeare  to  be  dis- 
bursed unto  tliroe  discreete  and  godly 
men  in  the  Colonic,  which  shall  hon- 
estly bring  up  three  of  the  Infidels 
children  in  Christian  Religion,  and 
some  good  course  to  live  by."  (His 
son  Nicholas  finally  transferred  this 
bequest  to  the  Bernmdas,  where  there 


were  no  "  Infidels  children.")  He 
married  Mary,  daughter  of  Laurence 
Wodenoth,  Esq.,  and  had  issue  :  Su- 
sanna (married  John  Collet,  of  Bourne 
Bridge  in  Cambridgeshire),  John, 
Erasnnis  ("abarrister  of  law  "),  Nich- 
olas, William,  and  Richard  (a  mer- 
chant of  London). 

Ferrar,  John,  merchant.  Sub. 
;  pd.  £12  10s.  Son  of  the  fore- 
going. He  married,  first,  Anne, 
daughter  of  William  Shepherd,  Esq., 
of  Great  Rowlwright,  Oxfordshire. 
She  died,  without  issue,  July  12,  1613, 
aged  about  21,  and  was  buried  in  St. 
Bennet  Sherhog.  (Stow  preserves  her 
curious  epitaph.)  John  Ferrar  joined 
the  Va.  Co.  after  1612  ;  was  after- 
wards added  to  His  Majesty's  Coun- 
cil for  that  company,  and  was  the 
deputy  treasurer  from  April  28,  1619, 
to  May  22,  1622.  He  was  M.  P.  for 
Tamworth  in  1621-22  ;  wrote  the 
memoirs  of  his  brother  Nicholas  (pub- 
lished by  P.  Peckard,  D.  D.,  Cam- 
bridge, England,  1790),  and  of  his 
own  son  Nicholas,  who  died  in  1640. 
He  married,  secondly,  Bathsheba, 
daughter  of  Israel  Owen,  of  London, 
and  had  issue  by  her  :  Nicholas,  John, 
and  Virginia.  He  was  buried  at  Lit- 
tle Gidding,  September  28,  1657. 

Ferrar,  Nicholas,  the  Younger. 
Sub. ;  pd. .  Son  of  Nich- 
olas, Sr.  ;  was  born  February  22, 
1593  ;  from  his  earliest  years  was  re- 
garded by  his  family  as  a  prodigy  in- 
deed ;  had  a  revelation  when  but  six 
years  of  age,  they  said  ;  M.  A.,  Cam- 
bridge, 1613  ;  traveled  on  the  conti- 
nent, 1613-18,  and  when  he  returned, 
his  brother  John  said,  "  His  accom- 
plishments surpassed  all  report  and  all 
expectation."  He  bought  two  shares 
in  the  Va.  Co.  from  Sir  William  Smith, 
March  17,  161 1  ;  M.  C.  for  Va.  Co., 
1619  ;  deputy  treasurer  from  May  22, 
1622,  to  July,  1624,  during  which  time 
(from  December,  1623,  to  June,  1624) 
he  was  having  the  copies  of  the  Vir- 
ginia records  made,  which  are  now 
preserved  in  the  librarv  of  Congress  ; 
M.  P.  for  Lymingtoui^  1624-25.  In 
1(525  he  gave  up  his  attempt  to  reg- 
ulate worldly  affairs,  settled  at  Little 
(lidding  in  Huntingdonshire,  and  es- 
tablished the  Arminan  Nunnery  there; 
ordained  a  deacon  by  Bishop  Laud  on 
Trinity  Sunday,  1626  ;  vicar  of  Little 


CAPTAIN  JOHN   SMITH 


FERRAR  —  FITZJAMES 


891 


Gidding,  1626,  to  his  death,  December 
2,  1637.  He  was  known  as  "  the  Prot- 
estant Saint  Nicholas,"  and  was  some- 
times called  "  the  useless  enthusiast." 

Ferrar,    William,    3.      Sub. ; 

pd.  £37  10s.  Son  of  Nicholas,  Sr.  ; 
born  in  1594-95  ;  educated  for  the 
law  ;  came  to  Virginia  in  the  Neptune 
in  1618  ;  married  the  widow  of  Sam- 
uel Jordan  ;  M.  C.  in  Virginia  from 
1625  to  1633.  The  date  of  his  death 
is  not  known  to  me.  His  wife  was  a 
party  to  the  first  breach  of  promise 
case  in  this  country.  As  he  was  a 
lawyer,  he  was  probably  her  legal 
adviser  in  the  matter.  Several  inter- 
esting particulars  of  the  case  have 
been  preserved.  Her  suitors  were  a 
preacher.  Rev.  Greville  Fooley,  and  a 
lawyer.  The  preacher  got  the  start  ; 
but  the  lawyer  won. 

Fetherstone,  Henrie,  stationer. 
In  16J5  "  Purehas  his  Pilgrimes  in 
Five  Bookes  "  was  "  Printed  by  Wil- 
liam Stansby  for  Henrie  Fetherstone, 
and  are  to  be  sold  at  his  shop  in  Pauls 
church-yard  at  the  signe  of  the  Rose." 
Henrie  Fetherstone  died  March  18, 
1647. 

Field,  Mr.  Warden  (Richard), 
stationer.  Son  of  Henry  Field,  of 
Stratford-upon-Avon,  who  was  one  of 
the  assessors  of  the  estate  of  John 
Shakespeare,  the  father  of  the  poet. 
Richard  Field  was  apprenticed  to 
George  Bishop,  stationer,  of  London, 
in  1579  ;  printed  the  first  edition  of 
Shakespeare's  "  Venus  and  Adonis  "  in 

1593,  and   transferred   his   copyright 
to  Mr.  John  Harrison,   Sr.,  July  25, 

1594.  He  died  about  1624. 

Field,  William,  merchant-tailor,  2. 
Sub.  ;  pd.  £25  5s. 

Finch,  Sir  Moyle,  3.  Sub.  £75  ; 
pd.  £50.  Of  Eastwell,  Kent  ;  born 
about  1553  ;  M.  P.  Weymouth,  1575- 
83  ;  knighted  at  Greenwich,  Mav  7, 
1584  ;  M.  P.  Kent,  1593,  and  for  Win- 
chelsea,  1601  ;  created  a  baronet,  July 
29,  1611.  Died  December  18,  1614. 
He  married  Elizabeth,  daughter  of 
Sir  Thomas  Heneage,  and  had  issue 
seven  sons  and  four  daughters. 

Sir  Moyle's  sister  Jane  married, 
October  8,  1582,  George  Wyatt,  Esq., 
of  Boxley,  brother  of  Jane  Wyatt 
who  married  Charles  Seott  (see  Scott 
pedigree),  and  his  brother,  Sir  Henry 
Finch,    was   the   father   of    Sir   John 


Finch,  one  of  the  counsel  for  Sir  F. 
Gorges  in  the  dispute  over  the  N.  E. 
charter  in  1621,  wliich  Sir  John  was 
the  speaker,  who  was  forced  back  into 
the  chair  by  .Holies  and  others  on  the 
memorable,  February  25,  162|. 

Finch,  Sir  Heneage.  Of  Eastwell, 
Kent  ;  son  of  Sir  Moyle  ;  was  an  at- 
torney at  law;  M.  P.  for  Rye,  1607-11; 
recorder  of  London,  February  15, 1620, 
to  December  5,  1631  ;  M.  P.  West 
Looe,  1621-22  ;  again  admitted  into 
the  Va.  Co.  of  London,  July  3,  1622. 
(His  first  cousin.  Sir  Francis  Wyatt, 
had  married  the  niece  of  Sir  Edwin 
Sandys.)  Knighted  at  Wanstead, 
June  22,  1623 ;  created  sergeant  at 
law,  1623;  M.  P.  London,  1624-25, 
1625,  and  1626  ;  speaker  of  the  first 
House  of  Commons  of  Charles  I.  in 
1625.  Died  December  5,  1631,  and 
was  buried  at  Raunston,  Bucks.  He 
was  the  father  of  the  first  Earl  of 
Nottingham. 

Fishborne,    Richard,    mercer,   3. 

Sub. ;  pd.  £37  10s.     Old  Fuller 

gives  a  sketch  of  him  among  liis 
Worthies  of  Huntingdonshire.  He 
began  life  an  apprentice  to  Sir  Baptist 
Hicks  ;  became  a  leading  Mercer  him- 
self, and  was  a  great  benefactor  to 
his  company  and  to  mankind.  Fuller 
says,  "  Nor  must  it  be  forgotten  how 
this  gentleman,  lying  on  his  deathbed 
(when  men  are  presumed  to  speak 
with  unmasked  consciences),  did  pro- 
fess that,  to  his  knowledge,  he  had  got 
no  part  of  his  goods  unjustly.  No 
man  of  his  quality  won  more  love  in 
health,  prayers  in  sickness,  and  lam- 
entation at  his  funeral  ;  dying  a  single 
man,  and  buried  in  Mercers'  Chapel, 
May  10,  1625."  The  whole  sum  of 
his  benefactions  amounted  to  nearly 
£11,000,  equivalent  to  nearly  6275,000 
present  values. 

Fitch,  Master  Matthew.  In  the 
first  voyage  to  Vii'ginia,  1606-07  ;  in 
the  first  company  to  the  F.-ills  in  May, 
1607.      Lost  at  sea  in  July,  1009. 

Fitzhardinge,  Viscount. — Charles 
Berkeley. 

Fitzjames,  Master  John,  esquire, 
etc.  Of  Leweston,  Dorset;  born  about 
1548  ;  knighted  at  Lull  worth,  August 
15,  1615  ;  died  May  16,  1625,  and  was 
buried  in  the  chancel  aisle  of  the 
church  at  Long  Burton,  Dorset. 

Extract  from  his  will,  dated  May  3, 


892 


FITZWILLIAM  —  FREAKE 


1621,  and  approved  July  7,  1625.  .  .  . 
"  Item.  I  give  to  Alfred  [or  Aldred] 
Fitzjames,  my  son,  my  bill  of  adven- 
ture of  £25  which  I  delivered  in  readie 
money  to  Captain  Sommeps  when  my 
said  son  Alfred  [or  Aldred]  went  into 
Virginia  with  him." 

Fitzvyilliam,  Walter,    esquire,   3. 

Sub.    £37    10s.  ;    pd. .       M.    P. 

Peterborough,  1621-22  ;  brother  of 
first  Lord  Fitzwilliam  ;  died  s.  p. 
He  was  related  to  the  Mildmays  and 
Sidneys. 

Fleet,  William,  gent.,  3.  Sub. 
£37  10s.  ;  pd.  £37  10s.  Of  Chart- 
ham,  Kent  ;  married  Deborah  Scott, 
daughter  of  Charles  Scott  of  Egerton, 
Kent,  by  his  wife,  Jane  Wyatt  (see 
Scott  pedigree).  He  had  issue  :  seven 
sons  and  one  daughter,  viz.  :  George, 
William,  Henry,  Brian,  Edward,  Rey- 
nold, John,  and  Catherine.  On  July 
3,  1622,  he  transferred  to  his  daugh- 
ter his  three  shares  in  Virginia.  At 
least  four  of  his  sons  (Henry,  f^dward, 
Reynold,  and  John)  were  among  the 
early  emigrants  to  Virginia  and  Mary- 
land. All  four  of  them  were  mem- 
bers of  the  Maryland  legislature  of 
1638,  the  first  Assembly  whose  records 
have  been  preserved.  Capt.  Henry 
Fleet  was  the  most  noted  of  this 
brotherhood  in  our  annals.  He  came 
to  Virginia  at  an  early  date  ;  was  cap- 
tured by  the  Indians  on  the  Potomac 
in  1623  ;  remained  a  captive  until 
1627  ;  became  familiar  w^itli  the  In- 
dian tongue  ;  an  interpreter,  trader, 
and  legislator  in  Maryland  ;  finally 
settled  at  Fleet's  Bay  in  Lancaster 
County,  Virginia,  and  represented  the 
county  in  the  House  of  Burgesses, 
1652.  His  daughter  Sarah  married 
Edwin  Conway  of  Lancaster  County, 
Virginia.  Capt.  Henry  Fleet  was  first 
cousin  to  the  noted  Dorothy  Scott  who 
married,  first,  Major  Daniel  Gotherson 
of  Cromwell's  arm}',  and  about  1655 
became  a  Quaker  preacher.  She  mar- 
ried, secondly,  Joseph  Hogben,  and 
about  1680  settled  on  Long  Island, 
New  York. 

Fleet-wrood,  Edward,  esquire,  2. 
Sub. ;  pd.  £62  10s. 

Fleetwood,  Sir  William,  3.  Sub. 
£37  10s.  ;  pd.  £37  10s.  Of  Missen- 
den,  Bucks  ;  eldest  son  of  Sir  William 
Fleetwood,  recorder  of  London.  He 
was  knighted   at  Charterhouse,  May 


11,  1603  ;  M.  P.  for  Bucks,  1601-11, 
1621-22, 1624-25,  and  1628-29.  Died 
in  1630. 

Fletcher,  John,  fishmonger,  2. 
Sub.  £75.  He  paid  £62  10s.,  and 
John  Fletcher  and  Company  paid  £75 
=  £137  10s.  Died  in  1635.  A  bene- 
factor of  the  Fishmongers;  also  a  mem- 
ber of  E.  I.  and  N.  W.  P.  companies. 

Floras,  Marquis  de  le.  See  Zu- 
niga. 

Floyd  (or  Lloyd),  David,  £12  10s. 

Forest,    Sir    Anthony,    2.     Sub. 

;  pd. .  Of  Huntingdonshire  ; 

knighted  at  Whitehall,  August  20, 
1604. 

Forest,  Thomas,  2.    Sub. ;  pd. 

£50.     Came  to  Virginia  in  1608. 

Fotherby,  Henry,  secretary.  Af- 
ter of  the  N.  E.  Company. 

Fox,  Thomas,  2.     Sub. ;    pd. 

.  (Luke  Lodge  and  Thomas  Fox 

paid  £25.)  Probably  the  Thomas  Fox 
who  came  to  Virginia  in  1608.  I  sup- 
pose there  was  some  relationship  be- 
tween Luke  Lodge  and  himself,  and 
that  Captain  Luke  Fox  (Northwest 
Fox,  1631)  was  of  the  same  family, 
and  possibly  related  to  John  Foxe,  the 
martyrologist. 

Foxall,  Thomas,  grocer,  3.     Sub. 

;  £37  10s.;  pd.  £37  10s.    Married 

Elizabeth,  daughter  of  Sir  William 
Garaway  ("Gargany  "  on  her  tomb)  of 
London.  Died  in  1647,  buried  in  the 
Churchyard  at  Lee. 

Francis,  Giles,  gent.,  2.     Sub. 

£37  10s.;  pd.  £50. 

Francis,  Thomas.     Pd.  £12  10s. 

Frank,    Peter,    esquire,    3.     Sub. 

;  pd.  £12  10s.    "  Gentleman  Usher 

and  dayly  waiter  to  Queen  Anne  —  the 
which  Peter  dyed  the  24.  day  of  Oc- 
tober, 1612."     (Strype.) 

Franklin,    John,    haberdasher,    2. 

Snb. ;  pd.  £25.     (The  Franklins 

of  the  Va.  Co.  were  probably  of  the 
family  of  that  name  seated  at  Willes- 
don  in  Middlesex.) 

Freake,  Sir  Thomas,  2.    Sub. 

£75;  pd.  £25.  "Son  of  Robert  Freke 
of  Shroton,  Dorset,  esquire,  who  was 
for  many  years  auditor  of  the  Treas- 
ury in  the  reigns  of  Henry  VIII.  and 
Queen  Elizabeth,  and  died  worth  a 
plum,  (£100,000)  an  immense  fortune 
in  those  times.  His  son  Tiiomas,  of 
whom  I  write,  of  Ewern  Courtney  in 
Dorsetshire,  was  "  a  person  of  consid- 


FREEMAN  —  FROBISHER 


893 


erable  note,  great  trust,  and  authority 
in  the  County  of  Dorset  in  the  times  of 
Elizabeth  and  James  I."  M.  P.  for 
Dorchester  in  1584-85  ;  knighted  at 
Whitehall  July  23,  1603  ;  M.  P.  for 
County  of  Dorset  in  1GU4-11;  M.  C. 
for  Va.,  March  9,  1G07;  M.  C.  for  Va. 
Co.,  1G12  ;  M.  P.  for  the  County  of 
Dorset  in  1G14  and  also  in  1627-28. 

Sir  Thomas  was  born  in  1563,  and 
died  in  1633;  married  Elizabeth,  widow 
of  Francis  Smith,  Esq.,  and  only  daugh- 
ter and  sole  heir  of  John  Taylor,  alder- 
man of  London,  by  whom  he  was  the 
father  of  five  or  more  children. 

Freeman,  Martin,  fishmonger,  2. 
Sub.  £37  10s.  ;  pd.  £75.  One  of 
the  wardens  of  the  Fishmongers  in 
1606  ;  interested  in  the  Irish  planta- 
tion ;  married  Elizabeth,  daughter  of 
Mathew  Laurence,  son  of  Sir  Oliver 
Laurence ;  she  bore  in  her  arms,  2  and 
3,  the  arms  of  Washington  (vide  Visi- 
tation of  Loudon,  1568).  He  was  a 
member  of  the  E.  I.  Co. 

Freeman,  Ralphe,  3.     Sub. ; 

pd. .     Son  of  INIartin  aforesaid  ; 

was  baptized  as  "Raiidolpe"  at  St. 
Mary-at-Hill,  London,  July  6,  1589; 
knighted  at  Windsor  September  15, 
1617  ;  sworn  a  master  of  requests, 
January  11,  1618.  The  king's  pleas- 
ure to  grant  the  Massachusetts  charter 
was  signified  to  the  loi'd  keeper  by  Sir 
Ralpe,  as  "  Auditor  of  Imprests "  in 
1628-29;  a  commissioner  of  the  Mint 
to  Charles  I.;  lord  of  the  manor  of 
Beechworth  in  Surrey;  living  in  1GG3. 
Author  of  "  Imperiale,"  a  tragedy. 

Freeman,  Ralphe,  clothvvorker,  2. 
Sub.  £37  10s. ;  pd.  £62  10s.  Sou  of 
William  Freeman,  of  Northampton; 
born  in  1560;  member  Muscovy,  N.  W. 
P.,  and  E.  I.  companies;  master  of  the 
Clothworkers  in  1620  ;  "  farmed  the 
killing  of  whales  in  Greenland,  etc.; 
set  forth  8  ships  in  1621."  Sheriff  of 
London,  1622—23  ;  alderman  of  Bisli- 
opsgate  ward,  1622-32,  and  of  Corn- 
hill  ward,  1632—34 ;  lord  mayor  in 
1633.  Died  in  office,  before  knight- 
hood, March  16,  1634  ;  was  buried  in 
St.  Michael's,  Cornhill,  and  after- 
wards removed  to  Aspeden,  County 
Herts.  He  was  on  the  Virginia  Com- 
mission of  July  15,  1624. 

Freeman,  William.  Probably  the 
younger  brother  of  Sir  Ralphe  afore- 
said.    "  William  and  Raphe  Freeman  " 


contributed  £25  to  the  American  en- 
ter{)rise  ;  but  the  elder  brother  of 
Ralphe  the  clothworker  was  also  named 
William. 

Fretchville,    Sir   Peter,  3.     Sub. 

;    pd.      £37    10s.      Of    Stavely, 

County  Derby;  sheriff  of  Derby,  1601; 
knighted  at  Worksop,  xVpril  21,  1603; 
M.  P.  for  Derbyshire  in  1601  and 
1621-22. 

Frith,    Richard,    gent.,    2.     Sub. 

;  pd.  £25.     Came  to  Virginia  in 

lGOG-07. 

Frobisher,  Sir  Martin.  Son  6f  Ber- 
nard Frobisher  by  his  wife  Margaret, 
daughter  of  Sir  Richard  Yorke,  and 
sister  of  Sir  John  Yorke  (a  member  of 
the  Merchant  Adventurers);  born  at 
Altofts,  Normanton,  Yorkshire,  about 
15.35  ;  on  a  voyage  to  Guinea,  1554  ; 
probably  made  other  voyages  there  ; 
plundered  the  Flying  Spirit  from  An- 
dalusia in  1563  ;  probably  with  Haw- 
kins at  Vera  Cruz  in  1567  ;  served 
with  Gilbert  in  Ireland;  preparing  for  a 
Northwest,  voyage  of  discovery,  1574  ; 
the  voyage  "  stayed ' '  for  lack  of  money 
in  1575;  made  the  first  voyage  in  1576, 
the  second  in  1577,  and  the  third  in 
1578;  projected  a  fourth  voyage  to  the 
Northwest  in  1581,  which  resulted  in 
Fenton's  voyage  of  1582-83  ;  with 
Carleill  proposed  another  voyage  to 
America  in  April,  1584;  vice-admiral 
of  the  Drake-Sidney  voyage,  1585- 
86;  served  against  the  Armada  and 
knighted  in  1588;  commanded  vessels 
employed  against  Spanish  commerce, 
1589-92.  In  1594  he  commanded 
the  squadron  sent  to  aid  Henry  IV. 
of  France  ;  wounded  at  the  attack 
on  Brest,  November  7 ;  returned  to 
Plymouth,  and  died  there,  where  his  en- 
trails were  interred ;  his  body  was  sent 
to  London  and  interred  in  St.  Giles's 
Church, Cripplegate,  in  February,  1595. 
He  married  twice,  but  seems  to  have 
left  no  issue.  Peter  Frobisher,  his  heir 
and  executor,  sold  Frobisher  Hall  to 
Lionel  Lord  Cranfield.  Frobisher's 
second  wife  (whom  he  married  in 
1591)  was  Dorothy,  daughter  of 
Thomas,  first  Lord  Wentworth,  and 
widow  of  Paul  Withypoole,  Esq. 


894 


FULLER  —  GATES 


Fuller,  Nicholas,  esquire.  Pel. 
£20.  Barrister,  of  Gray's  Inn  ;  cham- 
pion for  the  Puritans;  son  of  Nicholas 
Fuller,  of  London,  mercliant  ;  born 
about  1545  ;  M.  F.  for  St.  Mawe's 
1592-93;  M.  P.  for  London,  1604-11. 
Spoke  against  the  union  with  Scot- 
laud,  February  14,  IGOf.  His  argu- 
ment for  his  clients,  Thomas  Lad  and 
Richard  Maunsell,  was  published  in 
1607.  In  November,  1607,  he  was 
lined  £200  by  the  commissioners  for 
causes  ecclesiastical.  He  paid  his  fine, 
but  submissions  being  expected  which 
he  could  not  digest,  he  was  imprisoned; 
but  was  released  on  January  5,  1608. 
(See  "  Lord  Bacon's  Letters  and  Life," 
by  Spedding,  vol.  iv.  p.  51,  note.)  M.  P. 
for  London,  1614  ;  admitted  into  the 
E.  I.  Co.  gratis.  May  5,  1618  ;  died 
February  23,  1620,  aged  76.  He 
married  Sarah,  daughter  of  alderman 
Nicholas  Backhouse. 

Fulw^ood,  ■William.  (I  take  tliis 
to  be  the  author  of  "  The  Castel  of 
Memorie,"  "  The  Enimie  of  Idenesse," 
etc.,  who  was  a  merchant  and  member 
of  the  Merchant-Taylors'  Company.) 

Gallen-Ridgeway,  Lord. — Thomas 
Ridgeway. 

Galthrope  (Calthrope),  Stephen. 
Probably  the  head  of  the  "entended 
and  confessed  mutiny  by  Galthropp  " 
at  the  Canaries,  March,  1607,  in  which 
mutiny,  Capt.  John  Smith  v/as  in  some 
way  implicated. 

Garaway  —  Garraway  —  Gar- 
■way,  "William,  draper.  Sub.  £50; 
pd.  £100.  Born  1537;  married,  about 
1570,  Elizabeth,  sister  of  Sir  Henry 
Anderson,  of  London,  was  a  leading 
merchant ;  member  of  the  Muscovy, 
E.  I.,  and  N.  W.  P.  companies  ;  chief 
treasurer  of  the  customs  ;  knighted 
at  Theobald's,  July  16,  1615;  died  Sep- 
tember 26,  1625,  aged  88  ;  buried  in 
St.  Peter  the  Poor,  London.  His  son, 
Sir  Htniry,  was  the  celebrated  Royalist 
Lord  Mayor  of  London,  1640. 

Gardiner,  John,  merchant  2.  Sub. 
;  pd.  £75.     Of  the  E.  I.  Co. 

Gardiner,    Richard.      Sub.   ; 

pd.  £12  10s. 

Garrard.     See  Gerrard. 

Garraway.     See  Garaway. 

Garsett,  Robert,  3.     Sub.  ; 

pd.  £12  10s. 

Gate,  Peter,  grocer,  2.     Sub.  £37 


10s.;  pd.  £12  10s.  "Late  apprentice 
to  George  Bone,  sworn  to  freedom 
January  16, 1603.  Takes  Paul  Gate  as 
his  apprentice  March  26,  1604.  Still 
on  Books,  1618."  He  married  Mary, 
daughter  of  Edward  Josslyn,  Esq. 

Gates,  Lady.     Died  on  her  way  to 
Virginia  in  1611. 

Gates,  Sir  Thomas,  1.     Sub. ; 

pd.  £100.  Said  to  have  been  born  at 
Colyford,  in  Colyton  parish,  Devon- 
shire (Worth's  "  Hist,  of  Devonshire," 
p.  70).  Saw  service  in  the  wars. 
Was  lieutenant  of  Capt.  Christopher 
Carleill's  own  company  in  the  cele- 
brated Drake-Sidney  voyage  to  Amer- 
ica, 1585-86  ;  publi.shed  the  Briggs- 
Croftes  account  of  this  voyage  in  1589, 
which  he  dedicated  to  the  Earl  of 
Essex  ;  distinguished  himself  at  the 
taking  of  Cadiz,  and  was  knighted  by 
Essex  in  June,  1596.  July  20,  1597, 
Essex  sent  him  to  Sir  Robert  Cecil 
with  an  important  message  regarding 
the  Island  voyage,  in  which  voyage  he 
served,  August-October,  1597  ;  en- 
tered Gray's  Inn,  March  14,  1598  ;  in 
public  service  at  Plymouth,  1599. 
Early  in  the  reign  of  James  I.  sol- 
diers were  being  enlisted  in  England, 
both  to  serve  the  States  and  the  Arch- 
duke ;  he  enlisted  with  the  States, 
and  in  July,  1604,  Sir  Plenry  Wotton 
wrote  by  him  to  Sir  Ralph  Winwood, 
saying,  "I  entreat  you  to  love  him 
[Gates]  and  to  love  me  too,  and  to 
assure  yourself  that  you  cannot  love 
two  honester  men."  One  of  the  first 
petitioners  for  royal  license  to  colonize 
America  ;  an  incorporator  of  the  first 
charter,  April  10,  1606  ;  was  in  the 
garrison  at  Oudewater  in  South  Hol- 
land with  Dale  in  November,  1606  ; 
petitioned  the  States  for  leave  of  ab- 
sence to  go  to  Virginia,  which  was 
granted  April  ||,  1608  ;  was  selected 
to  command  the  large  expedition  then 
being  fitted  out  ;  appointed  the  first 
sole  and  absolute  governor  of  the  col- 
ony ;  added  to  His  Majesty's  Council 
for  the  Va.  Co.  ;  sailed  in  June  ; 
wrecked  on  the  Bermudas  Jvdy  28, 
1609,  and  remained  tliere  until  May 
10,  1610,  when  he  sailed  to  Virginia, 
reaching  there  May  21  ;  left  Virginia 
late  in  July,  and  reached  England 
early  in  September,  1610,  giving  the 
first  news  of  his  own  survival  of  the 
tempest.      Aided  in  preparing  a  con- 


GATES 


895 


futation  of  the  scandalous  reports 
(CXL).  Again  sailed  for  Virginia  in 
May,  1611,  taking  his  wife  and  daugh- 
ters ;  but  his  wife  dying  on  the  way, 
he  sent  his  daughters  back  with  New- 
port in  December  following.  He  re- 
mained in  Virginia  nearly  three  years, 
and  returned  to  England  in  April, 
1614.  He  had  brought  his  company 
from  the  Netherlands,  and  had  carried 
it  to  Virginia  with  him  in  1609,  under 
the  command  of  Capt.  George  Yeard- 
ley  ;  whether  he  brought  it  away  from 
Virginia  or  not  I  cannot  say ;  but  after 
aiding  in  answering  the  French  com- 
plaints, he  returned  to  his  post  in 
Holland,  and  was  promptly  paid  all 
past  dues. 

During  1619  he  was  serving  on  one 
of  the  committees  of  the  Va.  Co.  in 
London.  In  November,  1619,  Sir 
Edwin  Sandys,  in  a  speech  before  the 
Quarter  Court  of  that  company,  said 
that  "  Sir  Thomas  Gates  had  the 
Honour  to  all  Posterity  of  being  the 
first  named  in  his  Majesty's  Patent 
and  Grant  of  Virginia,  and  was  also 
the  first  that,  by  his  Wisdom,  Industry, 
and  Valour,  accompanied  with  exceed- 
ing Pains  and  Patience,  in  the  Midst 
of  Many  Difficulties,  had  laid  the 
foundation  of  the  present  prosperous 
State  of  the  Colony." 

About  this  time  the  governor  and 
council  in  Virginia  asked  that  "  Skilful 
Engineers  be  sent  over  to  raise  fortifi- 
cations," "  and  Sir  Thomas  Gates  was 
entreated  by  the  Company,  as  well  in 
Regard  of  his  military  Skill  as  of  his 
knowledge  of  the  country,  to  write 
them  his  Private  Letters  of  Advice  and 
Direction."  Early  in  1620  Gates  was 
one  of  the  "  Ancient  adventurers," 
who  "  peticioned  y"  Right  Hon"°  the 
Lords  and  the  rest  of  ye  Cow^lsayle 
and  bodye  politique,  for  ye  State  of 
his  Majesties  Collonye  in  Virginia  to 
have  some  man  of  qualitye  sent  Gov- 
ernor unto  Virginia."  They  were, 
quite  evidently,  unwilling  to  serve 
under  Gates's  old  subordinate,  Sir 
George  Yeardley.  They  "humblye 
besech  this  Honorable  Court  to  take 
into  consideration  this  our  only  Re- 
quest (who  otherwise  finding  them- 
selves much  disparagied  and  wronged 
are  resolved  to  abandon,  and  quitt  the 
Countrye  &  Action  forevar)  that  some 
eythar  Noble,  or  little  lesse  in  Honor 


or  Power  may  be  maturelye  advised 
upon  to  maintayne  and  hold  up  ye 
dignitye  of  so  Great  and  Good  a 
Cawse." 

From  March  to  June  (inclusive), 
1620,  (iates  transferred  to  sundry  per- 
sons sixty  shares  of  100  acres  of  land 
each,  in  Virginia.  November  3, 1620, 
he  was  appointed  by  James  I.  one  of 
"  the  first  moderne  and  present  Coun- 
cill  established  at  Plymouth,  in  the 
County  of  Devon,  for  the  planting, 
ruling,  ordering,  and  governing  of 
New  England  in  America."  January 
13,  1621,  Sir  Dudley  Digges,  writing 
from  Amsterdam  to  Sir  Dudley  Carle- 
ton  at  the  Hague,  "  sends  his  love  to 
the  honest  Sir  Thomas  Gates,"  from 
Avhich  it  may  be  inferred  that  he  was 
then  in  Holland.  April  12,  1621,  he 
is  alluded  to  in  the  records  of  the  Va. 
Co.  as  then  dead.  In  1623  fifty  great 
shares  of  land  were  still  remaining  in 
his  name  in  Virginia. 

He  had  at  least  two  sons,  Thomas 
and  Anthony,  and  three  daughters, 
Margaret,  Mary,  and  Elizabeth.  On 
April  24,  1626,  Edmund  Dawber, 
gentleman,  of  "  East  Inynham,"  in 
County  Norfolk,  and  Margaret,  daugh- 
ter of  Sir  Thomas  Gates,  of  "  Hold- 
inge  "  in  County  Kent,  were  married 
in  the  Church  of  St.  Mildred  the  Vir- 
gin, Poultry,  London. 

Capt.  Thomas  Gates,  the  son  of 
Sir  Thomas,  served  in  the  expedition 
of  1626  against  Cadiz,  and  in  1627  at 
the  Isle  of  Rd  and  Rochelle,  where 
he  was  killed  by  a  cannon  shot.  An- 
thony, the  other  son,  died  before  1637; 
his  widow  was  then  living.  In  1637 
the  daughters,  Mary  and  Elizabeth, 
petitioned  the  Privy  Council  to  order 
payment  to  them  of  the  arrears  due 
on  their  brother's  (Capt.  Thomas 
Gates's)  account  ;  and  the  lord  treas- 
urer was  instructed  by  order  of  the 
council  to  sign  an  order  to  that  effect, 
riiey  alleged  that  they  were  "  destitute 
of  means  to  relieve  their  wants,  or  to 
convey  themselves  to  Virginia,  where 
their  father,  Sir  Thomas  Gates,  gov- 
ernor of  tliat  Isle,  died,  and  left  his 
estate  in  the  hands  of  persons,  who 
had  ever  since  detained  the  same."  It 
would  seem  from  this  that  he  died  in 
Virginia,  and  I  have  found  no  other 
evidence  of  the  place  of  his  death. 
"  July  30,  1639.     Report  of  the  Sub- 


896 


GATES  — GILBERT 


Committee  for  Foreign  Plantations  to 
the  Privy  Council.  '  Upon  Petition  of 
Edmund  Davvber,  administrator  of  the 
Estate  of  Sir  Thomas  Gates,  deceased 
—  that  a  similar  letter  to  that  written 
to  the  Earl  of  Dorset  and  Danby, 
bearing  date  November  30,  1632,  be 
addressed  to  the  Governor  and  Coun- 
cil of  Virginia,  on  behalf  of  the  peti- 
tioner, for  the  full  recovery  of  the 
Estate  hi  that  Colony,  belonging  to  Sir 
Thomas  Gates,  deceased.' " 

I  have,  as  yet,  been  unable  to  lo- 
cate with  any  certainty  the  family  of 
Gates  ;  but  as  we  find  him  (when  he 
must  have  been  quite  a  young  man) 
hi  service  with  Carleill  and  Essex,  the 
sons-in-law  of  Walsingham,  I  think  we 
may  infer  that  he  was  not  without 
position  and  influence.  He  was  prob- 
ably about  50  years  of  age  when  he 
sailed  to  Vii-ginia  in  1609. 

Gee,  Sir  "William,  3.     Sub. ; 

pd.  £25.  Born  1540;  an  outer-bar- 
rister of  Lincoln's  Inn  ;  M.  P.  for 
Hull,  1588-89;  Beverley,  1604-11; 
knighted  May  30,  1604 ;  secretary  to 
Council  of  the  North. 

Geeringe  —  Gearinge  —  Green- 
inge  —  Geriiige,  John,  grocer,  2. 
Sub.  £37  10s. ;  pd.  £112  10s.  Of  the 
E.  I.  Co.  Married  Phebe,  daughter 
of  Jo.  Reeve,  of  London,  goldsmith. 

Gerrard  —  Garrett,  George,  es- 
quire, 3.    Sub. ;  pd. .   M.  P. 

for  Wigan,  1621-22;  Newton  (I.  W.), 
1624-25  ;  Preston,  1626  and  1628-29. 

Gerrard  —  Garrard,  John.  Son  of 
Sir  William,  whom  see.  Born  1546; 
sheriff,  1592  ;  lord  mayor  and  knight, 
1601-02  ;  died  May  7,'  1625,  aged'  79. 
His  son.  Sir  John,  was  created  a  bar- 
onet February  16,  162^. 

Gerrard,    Sir   Thomas,   3.      Sub. 

;  pd. .     Probably  the  eldest 

son  of  Sir  Thomas  Gerrard,  of  Bryn  ; 
M.  P.  Liverpool,  1597  ;  Lancashire, 
1614  ;  Wigan,  1621  ;  created  a  bar- 
onet. May  22,  1611  ;  died  in  1621. 

Gerrard  —  Garrard,  Sir  William. 
Son  of  John  Garrard,  citizen  and  gro- 
cer, of  London  ;  born  in  1507  ;  alder- 
man, April  26,  1547  ;  sheriff,  August 


1,  1552  ;  lord  mayor,  September  29, 
1555;  knight,  1555.  "  A  grave,  sober, 
wise,  and  discreet  citizen  equal  with 
the  best  and  inferior  to  none  of  our 
time."  Died  September  27,  1571,  in 
the  "  Parish  of  St.  Christopher,  but 
was  buried  in  the  Church  of  St.  Mag- 
nus, as  the  parish  where  he  was  born 
and  a  faire  monument  is  there  raised 
on  him." 

He  married  Isabel,  daughter  and 
co-heir  of  Julius  Nethermill,  Esq., 
and  had  issue  :  1.  William  (Sir)  who 
died  in  1607;  2.  George,  whose  daugh- 
ter married  Sir  Dudley  Carleton  ;  3. 
John  (Sir),  (whom  see);  4.  Anne,  who 
married  Sir  George  Barnes. 

Gibbs,     Thomas,     esquire.      Sub. 

;  pd.  £12  10s.     M.  C.  for  Va. 

Co.  prior  to  1618.  On  "  May  6,  1618, 
Sir  Eustace  Hart  surrendered  unto 
him  a  Bill  of  Adven.  of  £25,  and  for 
that  he  paid  in  £12  10s.  more  had 
allowed  him  3  shares  "  in  the  Va.  Co. 
March  18,  1620,  he  transferred  two 
shares  in  Virginia  "  to  his  two  sonnes 
Edmond  &  Thomas  Gibbs."  He  was 
active  in  the  company  affairs,  1620-22 ; 
also  of  the  S.  I.  Co. ;  on  the  Virginia 
Commission,  July  15,  1624;  one  of  the 
Council  for  Virginia,  November  16, 
1624,  and  after  ;  a  commissioner  for 
the  advancement  of  Virginia  in  1631. 
I  think  he  married  Isabella,  daughter 
of  Rev.  William  Wilson,  D.  D. 

Gilbert,  Adrian.  Of  Sandridge; 
son  of  Otho  of  Compton  ;  made  a 
voyage  to  the  Northwest  prior  to  1583; 
interested  in  the  Northwest  patent  of 
1584,  in  the  Davis  voyages,  1585-87, 
and  in  the  voyage  of  Cavendish, 
1591  ;  was  constable  of  Sherborne 
Castle,  1596-1603  ;  M.  P.  for  Brid- 
port,  1597-98. 

(An  Adrian  Gilbert  married  Mary 
Johnson,  spinster,  at  All  Hallows' 
Barking  in  1577.) 

Gilbert,  BartholomeTV.  Son  of  Sir 
Humplirey.  On  the  voyage  to  our 
New  I^ngiand  coast,  March  26  to  July 
23,  1602  ;  sailed  on  a  voyage  to  the 
Chesepian  Bay,  May  10,  1603,  and  was 
killed  by  the  Indians  on  the  eastern 
shore  of  Virginia  in  July. 

Gilbert,  Sir  Humphrey.  Of  Comp- 
ton ;  son  of  Otho  Gilbert  and  his  wife, 
Katherine  Champernoun,  was  "  borne 
in  Devon  at  his  father's  house  called 
Greeneway    upon    Dart   river    about 


GILBERT 


897 


1539  ;  educated  at  Eton  and  Oxford  ; 
destined  by  his  father  to  the  law,  but 
followed  Ins  own  bent  for  more  active 
enterprises."  Devoted  himself  to  the 
study  of  navigation  and  the  art  of 
war  ;  got  his  lirst  reputation  at  Havre 
in  Normandy,  where  he  was  wounded 
in  fighting  against  the  French  Cath- 
olics, September  26,  1563  ;  petitioned 
the  queen  for  privileges  for  making 
Northeast  discoveries  in  April,  1566  ; 
serving  as  captain  under  JSir  Henry 
Sidney  in  Ireland  in  July,  1566. 
While  in  Ireland,  Salva-terra  tells 
him  of  the  Northwest  passage.  Peti- 
tioned the  queen  for  the  privilege  of 
making  Northwest  discoveries  in  No- 
vember, 1566  ;  enlisting  soldiers  in 
England  for  service  in  Ireland  in 
April,  1567,  and  soon  went  over  ;  i-e- 
turned  to  England  in  the  summer  of 
1568,  and  to  Ireland  again  the  next 
year,  where,  after  defeating  the  cele- 
brated McCarthy  More,  he  was  made 
governor  of  Munster  in  October,  1569; 
knighted  at  Droglieda  by  Sir  Henry 
Sidney,  January  1,  1570  ;  returned  to 
England  in  the  same  year,  and  mar- 
ried Joan,  only  daughter  and  heiress  of 
John  Aucher  of  Otterden  (see  An- 
thony Aucher,  Esq.)  by  his  wife,  Ann, 
daughter  of  Sir  William  Kelleway. 
(Sir  Humphrey  afterwards  sold  the 
manor  of  Otterden  to  William  Lewin, 
LL.  U.)  He  was  M.  P.  for  Plymouth 
in  1571  ;  resided  at  Limehouse,  1571- 
72  ;  commanded  the  squadron  sent  to 
reinforce  Flushing  in  the  autumn  of 
1572  ;  returned  to  England  in  the  fall 
of  1573  ;  living  at  Limehouse,  1573- 
78  ;  was  still  desirous  of  making  new 
discoveries  in  1574.  Visited  by  George 
Gascoigne  in  the  winter  of  1574,  he 
showed  him  "sundry  profitable  and 
very  commendable  exercises  which  he 
had  perfected  plainly  with  his  own 
pen."  One  of  these  exercises  was 
probably  "  The  Erection  of  (Queen 
Elizabethe's)  Achademy  in  London  " 
(printed  by  Dr.  Furnivall  in  London, 
1869)  ;  another  was  Gilbert's  "  Dis- 
course of  a  Discovery  for  a  New  Pas- 
sage to  Cataia."  Lock  says  that  Gil- 
bert printed  a  book  regarding  new 
discoveries  in  May,  1575.  Gascoigne 
published,  probably  without  Gilbert's 
authority,  his  "  Discourse  of  a  Discov- 
ery "  in  April,  1576.  Gilbert  was  in- 
terested   in    Frobisher's    voyages    of 


1576-78  ;  consulted  Dr.  John  Dee, 
November  6,  1577,  and  the  same  day 
proposed  to  Elizabeth  to  attack  the 
shipping  of  Spain  under  color  of  a 
patent  for  colonization  in  America  ; 
obtained  a  patent  for  planting  an  Eng- 
lish colony  in  America,  June  11, 1578  ; 
sailed  in  the  fall  of  that  year,  but  was 
soon  forced  to  return;  prepared  to  sail 
in  1579,  but  was  stayed  ;  returned  to 
Ireland  in  the  summer  of  1579  ;  sent 
John  ^Valker  to  our  coast  in  1580,  and 
probably  made  other  ventures,  but  the 
data  for  these  enterprises  from  May, 

1579,  to  August,  1582,  is  very  defi- 
cient; consulting  Dr.  Dee  in  the  fall  of 

1580,  and  in  the  same  year  made  an 
assignment  for  colonization  to  Sir 
Thomas  Gerrard  and  Sir  George  Peck- 
ham  ;  examined  sundry  persons  re- 
gardiug  America  to  the  southwest  of 
Cape  Breton,  1582  ;  sailed  on  his  voy- 
age, June  11,  1583  ;  landed  in  New- 
foundland, August  4  ;  sailed  to  the 
southward,  August  20  ;  went  down  at 
sea,  September  9-10,  1583.  He  was 
the  father  of  one  daughter  and  nine 
(or  five)  sons,  among  whom  were  John 
(the  eldest),  Bartholomew,  and  Ralegh 
Gilbert. 

Gilbert,  John,  of  Greenway ;  eld- 
est son  of  Otho  Gilbert.  Knighted  by 
Queen  Elizabeth  at  Westminster,  1571 ; 
vice-admiral  of  Devon,  1585  ;  mayor 
of  Plymouth,  1589;  married  Elizabeth, 
daughter  of  Sir  Richai-d  Chudleigh,  of 
Ashton,  but  died  without  issue.  "  This 
eminent  and  learned  man  was  interred 
in  St.  Peter's  Cathedral,  Exeter,  where 
a  sumptuous  monument  remains  to  his 
memory." 

Gilbert,  Sir  John.  Eldest  son  of 
Sir  Humphrey  Gilbert  ;  with  Ralegh 
in  Guiana,  in  1595  ;  knighted  by  Es- 
sex at  Cadiz,  1596  ;  governor  of  the 
fort  at  Plymouth,  1597.  Ralegh  was 
proposing  to  send  an  expedition  imder 
his  command  to  Guiana  in  November, 
1598.  M.  C.  for  Va.,  March  9,  1607. 
He  was  an  officer  of  reputation  ;  mar- 
ried a  daughter  of  Sir  Richard  Moly- 
neux,  of  Sefton,  but  died  witliout  is- 
sue, July  5,  1608,  of  the  small-pox, 
and  was  buried  at  Marldon  Church. 

His  brother,  Ralegh  Gilbert,  who 
was  then  (July,  1608)  in  North  Vir- 
ginia, was  his  heir,  and  returned  to 
England  to  take  charge  of  his  estate. 

Se serai    letters    from    Sir   Walter 


898 


GILBERT  —  GODOLFINE 


Ralegh  "  to  my  nephew,  Sir  John  Gil- 
bert, knight,"  are  still  preserved. 

Gilbert,  John,  2.     Sub. ;  pd. 

£62  10s.  The  inventor  of  a  dredging 
machine,  called  a  water  plough,  and  a 
pump  for  draining  mines  ;  licensed 
July  16,  1618. 

Gilbert,  Otes  or  Otho.  Of  Comp- 
ton  (who  was  related  to  Sir  Richard 
Greenville)  married  Katherine  Cham- 
pernoun  (who  was  first  cousin  to 
George  Carew,  Earl  of  Totuess),  and 
had  by  her  three  sous:  Johii  Gilbert 
of  Greenway,  Humphrey  Gilbert  of 
Compton,  and  Adrian  Gilbert  of  Sand- 
ridge.  Otho  Gilbert  died  probably 
before  1550,  and  his  wife  married, 
secondly,  Walter  Ralegh  of  Fardell, 
and  bore  him  thi-ee  children,  name- 
ly, Carew,  Walter,  and  Margaret 
Ralegh. 

Gilbert,  Ralegh,  1.  Son  of  Sir 
Humphrey  Gilbert,  brother  of  Sir  John 
Gilbert,  aforesaid,  and  nephew  of  Sir 
Walter  Ralegh;  an  incorporator  in  the 
first  charter,  April  10,  1606  ;  presi- 
dent of  the  Council  in  Kcrth  Virginia, 
1608;  married  Elizabeth,  daughter  and 
heir  of  John  Kelley,  Esq.,  of  Devon, 
and  was  living  in  1620,  having  then 
five  sons,  the  eldest  of  whom  was  five 
years  old;  M.  C.  for  New  England  in 
1620.  He  died  in  1625,  leaving  seven 
children.  His  descendants,  many  of 
them,  are  now  living  in  Cornwall, 
England. 

Giles,  Sir  Edward.  Of  the  Xorth 
Virginia  Company  ;  born  at  Totnes 
about  1580,  one  of  Prince's  worthies, 
aud  a  prominent  Devonian  throughout 
a  long  career.  A  soldier  in  the  Low 
Countries,  imder  Elizabeth  ;  a  cour- 
tier, knighted  by  James  I.,  Jidy  23, 
1603 ;  constantly  chosen  M.  P.  for 
Totnes  during  the  reigns  of  James  I. 
and  Charles  I.  ;  was  a  member  of  the 
New  England  Council  in  1620  ;  was 
one  of  the  five  members  called  to 
court  for  remonstrating  against  ship- 
money  in  1634,  but  excused  himself 
on  the  score  of  ill  health.  Died  in 
1637,  and  was  buried  in  Dean  Prior 
Church.  The  epitaph  on  his  monu- 
ment was  written  by  Robert  Herrick, 
who  was  for  many  years  vicar  of 
Dean.     (Worth's  "  Devonshire.") 

Gipps  —  Gypes,  Thomas,  cloth- 
worker,  2.     Sub. ;  pd.  £12  10s. 

"  Son  of  Thomas  Gipps,  of  St.  Edmonds 


Bury  in  Com.  Suffolke."  He  was  mas- 
ter of  the  Clothworkers  in  1635. 

Glanville,     Francis,     esquire,    3. 

Sub. ;    pd.    £37    10s.      Of    Kil- 

worthy,  Devon  ;  eldest  sou  of  Sir  Johu 
Glanville,  justice  Common  Pleas.  M. 
P.  for  Tavistock,  1614,  1621-22, 1625, 
and  1628-29  ;  kmghted  at  Greenwich, 
May  16,  1621.  Died  in  1638.  His 
younger  brother,  Sir  Johu,  was  speaker 
of  the  Short  Parliament  of  1640. 

Glanville,  Richard,  2.    Sub. ; 

pd. .      Probably   a   party   to   the 

celebrated  case  in  chancery,  1616. 

Glover,  Rev.  Mr.  "An  ancient 
Master  of  Arts  in  Cambiidge,  an  ap- 
proved Preacher  in  Bedford  and  Hunt- 
ingtonshire,  reverenced  and  respected, 
and  never  wanting  a  competent  sti- 
pend ;  "  sailed  for  Virginia  with  Sir 
Thomas  Gates  in  June,  1611,  "  but  be- 
ing in  yeares,  and  of  a  weake  consti- 
tution, and  so  after  zealous  and  faith- 
ful performance  of  his  Ministerial! 
dutie  whilst  he  was  able,  he  gave  his 
soul  to  Christ  Jesus,  not  long  after 
reaching  Virginia." 

Goddard,  Richard,  2.    Sub. ; 

pd.  £25. 

Godolfine,  Sir  "William,  2.     Sub. 

;  pd.  £37  10s.     "  Eldest  son  and 

heir  of  Sir  Francis  Godolphin  of  Go- 
dolphin,  Cornwall,  bj'  his  wife,  Mar- 
garet Killigrew  ;  was  one  of  those 
gentlemen  of  quality  who  accompa- 
nied Robert,  Earl  of  Essex,  in  his  ex- 
pedition to  Ireland  against  the  rebels 
in  1599  ;  and  for  his  valour  at  Arclo, 
was  knighted  by  the  said  Earl  on  his 
return  to  Dublin,  July  13,  1599.  He 
set  out  with  great  reputation,  having, 
besides  a  very  liberal  education,  trav- 
eled into  most  parts  of  Europe,  and  at- 
tained several  languages.  Mr.  Carew 
makes  this  honourable  mention  of  him  : 
'  That  he  had  so  enriched  himself  with 
sufficiency  for  matters  of  Policy,  by 
his  long  travels  ;  and  for  martial  af- 
fairs, by  his  present  carriage  in  Ire- 
land, that  it  is  better  known  how  far 
he  outgoeth  most  others  in  both,  than 
easily  to  be  discerned  ;  for  which  he 
deserveth  principal  commendation.' 
He  had  so  far  signalized  himself  by 
his  valour  and  conduct,  that  on  the 
Spanish  invasion  in  1600,  he  was  in 
such  esteem  with  the  Lord  Montjoy, 
Lord  Deputy  of  Ireland,  that  he  in- 
trusted him  with  the  command  of  his 


GODOLFINE  —  GONDOMAR 


899 


own  brij^ade  of  horse,  in  the  decisive 
battle  of  Kinsale,  December  24,  1601, 
which  victory  was  principal!}"  owing 
to  his  gallant  service,  having  broke 
through  the  whole  body  of  Spaniards, 
entirely  routed  them,  taking  their 
chief  commander  prisoner,  whereupon 
the  Irish  immediately  threw  away 
their  arms  and  fled.  And  when  Don 
John  d'Aquila,  commander  of  the 
Spaniards  in  the  town  of  Kinsale, 
offered  a  parley  desiring  the  lord-dep- 
uty to  send  some  gentleman  of  spe- 
cial trust  to  confer  with  him  and  to 
receive  his  proposals,  he  was  employed 
in  the  negotiation  [related  verbatim 
by  Stow  in  his  Annals]  which  was 
brought  to  a  conclusion  on  January  2, 
1G02,  the  Spaniards  agreeing  to  quit 
all  places  in  that  kingdom.  He  af- 
terwards performed  divers  services 
against  the  rebels,  and  on  March  20, 
1602,  for  the  great  trust  reposed  in 
him,  he  was  specially  appointed  to  con- 
fer with  the  Earl  of  Tyrone  and  re- 
ceive (according  to  his  request)  his 
humble  submission  to  her  majesty. 
In  the  year  1603  he  commanded  in 
the  Province  of  Leinster  ;  and  the 
Irish  rebels  being  subdued,  he  returned 
into  England  soon  after  the  death  of 
Queen  Elizabeth,  and  in  the  first  Par- 
liament called  by  King  James,  he  was 
unanimously  elected  one  of  the  knights 
for  the  county  of  Cornwall." 

M.  P.  for  the  county  of  Cornwall, 
1605-11  ;  M.  C.  for  Va.  Co.,  May  23, 
1609.  He  was  buried  at  Breage,  Sep- 
tember 5, 1613.  His  sister,  Thomasin, 
married  Sir  George  Carew,  afterwards 
Earl  of  Totness.  He  married  Thoma- 
sin, daughter  and  heir  of  Thomas  Sid- 
ney, Esq.,  and  had  issue  :  thi-ee  sons 
and  a  daughter,  Francis,  Sidney,  Wil- 
liam, and  Penelope.  The  eldest  son, 
Francis,  was  the  father  of  Sidney,  J^ai'l 
of  Godolphin,  the  celebrated  prime 
minister  ;  the  second  son,  Sidney,  was 
a  poet  of  some  celebrity,  and  the  third 
son,  William,  was  a  colonel  of  a  regi- 
ment in  the  service  of  Charles  I. 
The  daughter,  Penelope,  married  Sir 
Charles  Berkeley,  the  oldest  brother 
of  Sir  William  Berkeley,  so  long  gov- 
ernor of  Virginia. 

Gondomar,  *'  Don  Diego  Sarmi- 
ento  de  Acuna,  Count  de  Gondomar." 
Spanish  ambassador  to  England.  Ed- 
ward Edwards  in  his  "  Life  of  Ralegh," 


vol,  1.  pp.  569-572,  gives  his  pedigree, 
also  a  biography  of  him,  from  which  I 
will  extract  :  "  He  was  born  on  All 
Saints'  Day  in  1567  ;  was  serving 
(though  not  actually  in  arms)  against 
Francis  Drake  in  1584.  He  served 
against  Portugal  in  1589.  He  was 
made  civil  and  military  governor  of 
Tuy  in  1596,  when  the  news  came  to 
the  Escurial  of  the  sailing  of  the  ex- 
pedition under  Essex  and  Ralegh.  In 
Galicia,  he  acquitted  himself  so  much 
to  his  master's  satisfaction,  that  Philip 
the  Second  soon  afterwards  made  him 
a  knight  of  the  order  of  Calatrava 
and  governor  and  alcalde  of  Bayoime; 
with  which  he  retained  his  important 
command  at  Tuy.  He  also  became 
corregidor  of  Valladolid,  and,  event- 
ually, a  member  of  the  Spanish  Coun- 
cil of  State." 

"  In  the  first  days  of  1613  the  Eng- 
lish government  was  in  expectation  of 
a  Spanish  invasion,"  and  on  January 
10  the  Council  ordered  the  sheriffs  to 
search  the  houses  of  recusants  for 
arms  ;  but  the  Spaniards  persuaded 
themselves  that  the  colony  of  Virginia, 
which  was  the  "  bone  of  contention," 
would  certainly  die  out  of  itself,  and 
they,  resolving  to  leave  the  matter  to 
diplomacy  rather  than  to  arms,  re- 
placed their  ambassador  in  England 
by  one  of  the  ablest  diplomatists  in 
their  service,  Don  Diego  Sarmiento  de 
Acuna  (see  Gardiner's  "  Hist,  of  Eng- 
land," ii.  pp  164, 165).  He  arrived  at 
Portsmouth  late  in  July,  and  at  Lon- 
don in  August,  1613.  He  found  only 
four  survivors  of  the  original  pen- 
sioners of  Spain,  "  the  Earl  of  North- 
ampton, and  Lady  Suffolk,  Sir  William 
Monson,  the  admiral  of  the  narrow 
seas,  and  Mrs  Drummond,  the  first 
lady  of  the  bedchamber  to  the 
queen."  To  these  Sir  Thomas  Lake 
was  added  within  a  few  years,  and 
Gondomar  became  very  intimate  with 
Sir  Robert  Cotton. 

The  following  is  a  copy  of  one  of 
the  last  letters  that  I  have  from  Gon- 
domar relating  to  the  American  en- 
terprise :  ■ — 

General  Archives  of  Simancas.  De- 
partment of  State,  vol.  2596,  folio  7. 
November  28, 1616.  Copy  of  an  orig- 
inal letter  from  Don  Diego  Sarmiento 
de  Acuiia  to  the  King  of  Spain,  dated 
London,  December  7, 1616. 


900 


GONDOMAR 


«  Sire,  —  I  have  told  Y.  M.  of  tlie 
Colonies  of  Virgiuia  and  Bermuda 
wliat  is  found  in  different  dispatches  ; 
there  is  no  news  of  importance,  except 
that  here  altho'  they  consider  that  of 
Bermuda  as  of  great  importance  ;  on 
the  other  hand,  it  is  reported  that  the 
mice  have  multiplied  to  such  an  extent 
as  to  eat  their  wlieat  and  any  other 
grains  which  they  sow,  so  that  the 
English  who  have  gone  there  have  en- 
dured such  suffering  that  five  men 
took  a  boat  with  four  oars,  with  a  sack 
of  bisquits  and  a  barrel  of  water  and 
came  to  this  place.  It  took  them 
nearly  twenty  days,  having  made  the 
voyage  in  a  very  short  time  and  meet- 
ing no  storms,  which  has  excited  great 
admiration  at  their  happy  escape,  and 
on  this  account  they  have  been  par- 
doned. They  speak  now  of  sending 
large  supplies  of  provisions  to  Ber- 
muda. I  have  heard  that  the  people 
on  the  island  have  sent  some  vessels 
to  plunder  and  provide  themselves 
with  victuals  in  the  countries  nearest 
to  Y.  M.'s  subjects. 

"  In  Virginia  matters  are  said  to  go 
on  better  since  they  have  made  peace 
with  the  Indians  ;  but  in  spite  of  all 
that  they  complain  very  much  of  the 
misery  endured  there  by  the  English, 
who  are  there,  and  it  must  be  so,  for 
the  President  of  the  Company  of  these 
Colonies,  having  authority  here  to 
take  for  their  benefit  any  prisoners  he 
may  choose  among  those  who  have  been 
condemned  for  criminal  causes,  has 
had  some  who  have  preferred  hanging 
to  going  to  Virginia.  A  few  days  ago, 
when  they  were  about  to  hang  some 
thieves,  three  of  them,  the  soundest 
and  strongest,  were  chosen  to  go  to 
Virginia  ;  two  of  them  accepted,  but 
the  third  would  not,  and  seeing  the 
two  returning  to  gaol,  lie  said  ;  Let 
them  go  there,  and  they  will  remem- 
ber me  !  Then  he  urged  the  hangman 
to  shorten  his  work,  as  if  he  was  thus 
relieved  of  a  greater  evil,  and  thus  it 
was  done.  Here,  however,  they  pre- 
serve these  places  very  carefully,  as  it 
appears  to  them  that  they  will  be  very 
useful  to  England,  if  there  sliould  be 
war  with  Spain.  And  I  feel  sure  that 
for  this  reason  and  for  honour^s  sake 
they  tvill  never  give  them  up.  May  God 
preserve  the  Catholic  person  of  Y.  M. 
as  Christendom  needeth   it.       London, 


December,  7,  1616.  DoN  DiEGO 
Sarmiento  de  Acuna." 

He  was  created  Count  of  Gondomar 
in  April,  1617  ;  but  remained  in  Eng- 
until  Jixly,  1618.  Lorkin  to  Pucker- 
ing, from  Greenwich,  June  16,  1618  : 
"The  Spanish  ambassador  [Gondo- 
mar] took  his  leave  here  at  court  on 
Sunday  was  sennight"  (June  8th). 
The  same  letter  mentions  the  arrival 
in  London  of  Sir  Walter  Ralegh. 

During  his  absence  the  Spanish  sec- 
retary, Julian  Sanchez  de  Ulloa,  was 
the  acting  Spanish  ambassador,  and  on 
September  26,  1618,  Philip  III.  wrote 
to  him  that  "  the  English  king  assured 
Gondomar  that  he  would  either  punish 
Raleigh  and  his  associates  for  the  mis- 
chief they  had  done  in  the  Indies,  or 
send  them  to  Spain  for  punishment." 
Fray  Diego  de  Laf  uente  ("  Padre 
Msestro  "),  Gondomar's  confessor,  was 
also  representing  Spain  in  England 
during  the  autumn  of  1618. 

Sanchez  wrote  to  Philip  III.  from 
London  October  ^  1, 1618  :  "  The  Eng- 
lish ax"e  very  hastily  settling  and  forti- 
fying Bermuda  and  Virginia,  sending 
every  year  a  number  of  men  there, 
and  this  year  more  than  700  persons 
have  already  gone,  taking  with  them 
samples  of  various  fruits  to  plant,  and 
a  variety  of  fowls  and  cattle  to  raise 
there,  and  a  supply  of  artillery,  am- 
munition, and  arms,  and  many  tools  to 
erect  earthworks  and  fortifications." 

Gondomar  returned  to  England  in 
March,  16.^9  (Philip  III.  died  March 
31.  1621,  and  was  succeeded  by  Philip 
IV.).  I  have  a  long  letter  written  by 
Gondomar,  on  January  23,  162 1,  to 
Secretary  Juan  de  Ciriza  regarding 
the  taking  of  the  Spanish  ship,  Sancto 
Antonio,  at  the  Bermudas  ;  but  Vir- 
ginia is  not  mentioned.  The  new 
Spanish  ambassador,  Don  Carolo  de 
Columbo  (Don  Carlos  Coloma),  ar- 
rived in  England  about  the  last  of 
April,  1622  ;  Gondomar  returned  to 
Spain  in  ]\Lay,  1622,  and  was  never  in 
England  again.  He  was  made  a  coun- 
cilor of  state  at  Madrid  in  March, 
162 1 .  The  assertion  that  James  I. 
annulled  the  Va.  charter  at  the  in- 
stance of  Gondomar  is  incorrect. 
When  the  charter  was  declared  null 
and  void  by  Chief  Justice  Lee,  Gon- 
domar had  been  absent  from  England 
for  more  than  two  years.     Spain's  de- 


SIR  THOMAS  SMITH 


GONDOMAR  —  GORGES 


901 


mands  were  really  against  the  colony, 
not  the  company.  Spain's  strongest 
point  had  been  that  her  territory  was 
being  settled  by  a  mere  company  of 
English  adventurers.  The  annulling 
of  the  charter,  and  taking  the  colony 
more  immediately  and  publicly  under 
the  protection  of  the  crown  of  Eng- 
land was  the  conclusive  answer  to  this 
point  ;  and  the  act  was  rendered  nec- 
essary at  this  time,  as  well  by  the  war 
then  existing  with  Spain  as  by  the 
factions  which  existed  in  the  Va.  Co. 
In  fact,  every  member  of  the  Council 
of  War  (April  21,  1624)  was  in- 
terested in  Virginia,  namely  :  Lord 
Grandison,  Lord  Carew,  Lord  Brooke, 
Lord  Chichester,  Sir  Edward  Conway, 
Sir  Edward  Cecil,  Sir  Horace  Vere, 
Sir  John  Ogle,  Sir  Robert  Mansell, 
and  Sir  Thomas  Button. 

Gondomar  died  at  Bommel  in  Flan- 
ders iu  1025.  "  He  told  a  merry  tale; 
read  Shakespeare's  plays,  subscribed 
for  a  First  Folio;  liked  English  wines; 
assured  Sir  John  Digby  that  he  was 
an  Englishman  at  heart  ;  was  very 
gallant  to  the  ladies  ; "  and  "  became 
all  things  to  all  men."  Granger  says, 
"  Perhaps  there  never  was  a  man  who 
had  so  much  art  as  Gondomar,  with  so 
little  ajjpearance  of  it." 

Gonsou,  Benjamin.  Of  Much 
Badow  iu  Essex.  Treasurer  of  the 
marine  causes.  Elizabeth  wi'ites  of  him 
as  "  our  well-beloved  cousin,  Benjamin 
Gunson,  Treasurer  of  our  Admiralty." 
He  married  "  Ursula,  daughter  of  An. 
Hussey,  judge  of  the  admiralty,  and 
agent  at  Anvers  to  Queen  Mary,"  by 
whom  four  sons  and  ten  daughters. 
(See  "Visitation  of  Essex,"  Harl. 
Soc.  Pub.)  Of  the  daughters,  Avice 
(or  Katherine  ?)  married  Sir  John 
Hawkins,  and  Thomazine  married, 
first,  Capt.  Edward  Fenton,  and,  sec- 
ondly, Christopher  Browne,  of  Sayes 
Court,  whose  granddaughter,  Marv, 
married  John  Evelyn  (16::0-1706),  the 
virtuoso. 

Goodere  —  Goodyear,  Sir  Hen- 
ry,  3.       Sub.    £37    10s.;    pd.    -. 

(There  were  two  knights  of  this  name: 
one  knighted  at  Dubliji  August  5, 
1599,  the  other  at  Lamore  in  June, 
liiUS.) 

Goodwin,  Sir  Francis,  3.  Sub. 
£37  10s.;  pd.  £37  10s.  Of  Upper 
Winchenden,    Bucks.     M.    P.    Bucks 


County,  158G-87;  Wycombe,  1588-«9; 
Bucks'  again,  1597-98,  and  1UU4  till 
he  resigned  in  1600,  when  tlected 
for  Buckingham  town,  1606-11  ;  for 
the  county  again  in  1614,  16i5,  and 
1626. 

Gore,  Robert,   merchant-tailor,  3. 

Sub. ;  pd.  £37  10s.     Also  of  N. 

W.  P.  Co.  Robert  and  Ralph  Gore 
were  brothers,  sons  of  Gerrard  Gore 
of  London,  alderman,  who  died  De- 
cember 11,  1607.  Ralph  joined  the 
Va.  Co.  soon  after  1612,  and  was  one 
of  the  directors  of  the  company  iu 
1618.  His  brothers  William  and  John 
were  also  members  prior  to  1020,  and 
Thomas  Gore,  who  died  in  Virginia 
August  16, 1607,  was  probably  another 
brotlier.  John  Gore  was  Lord  Mayor 
of  London  in  1624.  The  four  broth- 
ers, Robert,  Ralph,  William,  and  John, 
were  also  of  the  E.  I.  Co. 

Extract  from  the  Gorges  Pedi- 
gree. —  Sir  Edward  Gorges,  who  tlied 
in  February,  155  S,  married  Mary, 
daughter  of  Sir  Anthony  Poyntz,  and 
had  by  her,  with  others  :  (1)  Sir  Wil- 
liam, (2)  Sir  Thomas,  and  (3)  Ed- 
mund. 

(1.)  Sir  William  Gorges,  who  died 
in  1584,  married  Winifred  Budocks- 
head,  first  cousin  to  Sir  Walter  Ra- 
legh, and  they  were  the  parents  of  Sir 
Edward  Gorges,  buried  iu  Westminster 
Abbey,  1625. 

(?.)  Sir  Thomas  Gorges,  who  died 
in  1610,  married  Helena  Shackeuburg, 
a  Swede  (widow  of  William  Parr, 
Marquis  of  Northampton),  (see  West 
pedigi-ee),  and  had  by  her,  with  others, 
Edward  Lord  Gorges,  Elizabeth  (who 
married,  first.  Sir  Hugh  Smythe,  sec- 
ondly. Sir  Ferdinando  Gorges),  and 
Bridget,  who  married  Sir  Robert  Phil- 
ips of  Montacute,  Somerset. 

(3.)  Edmund  Gorges,  Esq.,  who  died 
in  1557,  was  the  father  of  Edward, 
who  married,  in  1559,  Cicely  Lygon, 
and  had  by  her  two  sons.  Sir  Ferdi- 
nando and  Sir  Edward  (born  1564, 
died  16i4),  who  married  Dorothy, 
daugliter  of  Sir  G.  Speke. 

Gorges,  Ed-wrard.  I  take  this  to 
be  either  the  son  of  Sir  William  or  the 
brother  of  Sir  Ferdinando  (see  pedi- 
gree), both  of  whom  were  knighted 
in  1603.     (See  p.  14.) 

Gorges,  Edward  Lord.  Of  the 
North  Va.  Co.    Eldest  son  and  heir  of 


902 


GORGES 


Sir  Thomas  Gorges  (see  pedigree). 
He  was  born  iu  1582  ;  kuighted  April 
9,  1603  ;  created  a  baronet  of  England 
November  25,  161 1',  and  advanced  to 
the  peerage  of  Ireland  July  13,  1620, 
as  Baron  Gorges  of  Dundalk,  County 
Louth.  Was  a  member  of  the  New 
England  Council,  November  3,  1620, 
and  continued  to  take  an  active  inter- 
est iu  that  council  and  colony.  He  was 
chosen  president  of  the  council,  and 
held  that  office  iu  April,  1635,  at  the 
time  of  the  resignation  to  the  crown 
of  the  Great  Charter  of  New  England. 
He  was  still  living  and  still  interested 
in  colonization  in  November,  1638. 
The  date  of  his  death  is  not  known  to 
me.  He  was  succeeded  by  his  son 
Richard,  second  Lord  Gorges,  who  was 
for  a  time  one  of  the  council  for  for- 
eign plantations.  He  died  in  1712  in 
his  93d  year.  Married  Bridget,  daugh- 
ter of  Sir  R.  Kingsmill,  but  left  no 
surviving  issue. 

Gorges,  Sir  Ferdinand©.  Son  of 
Edward  Gorges  (1537-68)  and  his 
wife.  Cicely  Lygon,  of  Madresfield, 
Worcestershire  (see  pedigree)  ;  born 
about  1566  ;  served  at  Sluys  in  1587  ; 
knighted  bv  Essex  before  Rouen  in 
October,  1591  ;  M.  P.  for  Cardigan, 
1592-93  ;  "  Governor  of  the  Forts  of 
Plimouth "  prior  to  1597,  in  which 
year  he  was  sergeant-major  in  the 
fleet  sent  to  the  lies  of  Azores,  under 
Essex,  in  which  voyage  he  was  very 
sick  ;  in  some  way  implicated  in  the 
so-called  "  Rising  of  the  Earl  of  Es- 
sex," February  8,  1601,  and  was  for 
a  time  confined  as  a  prisoner  in  the 
Gatehouse.  He  is  said  to  have  re- 
vealed the  plot  to  Cecil  and  Ralegh, 
for  which  act  he  is  blamed  by  some 
and  commended  by  others.  It  Avas 
in  connection  with  this  fracas  that 
Ralegh  had  his  quarrels  with  Gorges 
and  Preston.  He  was  deprived  of 
the  command  of  the  New  Fort  at 
Plymouth  about  July,  1603  ;  but  on 
"  Sept.  1.5, 1603,  he  was  restored  to  his 
former  post,"  etc.,  and  he  continued  in 
this  office  for  many  years.  He  aided 
in  sending  out  the  Weymouth  expedi- 
tion of  May-July,  1605  ;  and  continued 
to  take  an  active  and  earnest  interest 
in  America  as  long  as  he  lived.  He 
was  a  member  of  his  Majesty's  Coun- 
cil for  Virginia  from  the  first.  Was  a 
member  of  Lord  Rich's  African  Conx- 


pany,  November  16,  1618  ;  member 
of  the  South  Va.  Co.  prior  to  Novem- 
ber 17,  1619.  In  December,  1619, 
he  had  some  decided  ditierences  with 
]Mr.  Delbridge  and  the  Va.  Co.  of 
London,  regarding  the  fisheries  about 
Cape  Cod,  within  the  bounds  of  the 
Northern  Company,  and  on  March 
3,  1620,  the  North  Colouj^  asked  for 
a  separate  or  special  charter  with  ad- 
ditional privileges,  etc.,  as  the  South 
Colony  had  done  eleven  years  before. 
INlarch  31, 1620,  Sir  Ferdinando  Gorges 
was  one  of  the  arbitrators  chosen  by  the 
Earl  of  Warwick,  in  settling  the  dif- 
ferences between  the  said  earl  and  the 
E.  I.  Co.,  regarding  the  taking  of  the 
Lion,  Capt.  Thomas  Jones  (a  ship  be- 
longing to  the  earl),  in  the  East  Indies; 
attended  the  quarter  court  of  South 
Va.  Co.,  June  28,  1620.  The  warrant 
for  preparing  the  new  charter  for  the 
Northern  Company  was  issued  July  23, 
1620.  The  Mayflower,  Capt.  Thomas 
Jones,  was  sent  out  by  the  Southern 
Company  in  August,  1620,  with  a  pa- 
tent for  lands  within  the  bounds  of 
that  colony,  which  did  not  extend 
north  of  40°  north  latitude.  The  new 
charter  for  the  North  Colony  passed 
the  seals  and  was  issued  November  3, 
1020,  granting  to  that  company  the 
lauds  north  of  the  Southern  Colony, 
that  is,  from  40°  to  48°  north  latitude. 
Sir  Ferdinando  Gorges  was  a  member 
of  His  Majesty's  first  Council  for  New 
England,  named  in  the  said  charter  of 
November  3,  1620.  Although  the 
Northern  Company  had  strengthened 
their  rights  to  the  Cape  Cod  fisheries, 
by  planting  a  colony  as  near  there  as 
convenient  as  well  as  by  the  new  char- 
ter, the  question  was  not  settled  ;  but 
was  taken  before  Parliament  in  1621, 
where  the  rights  of  the  Northern 
Company  were  defended  by  Gorges. 
June  1,  1621,  he  was  one  of  the 
signers  of  the  first  Plymouth  patent. 
July  27,  1621,  he  requested  the  E.  I. 
Co.  to  loan  him  "  certain  stores  for  a 
ship  he  is  building  of  a  new  fashion, 
such  as  the  East  India  Company  might 
make  use  of,  and  that  he  hoped  to  find 
a  way  to  out-sail  the  Dutch."  "Au- 
gust 29, 1621,  the  East  India  Company 
lent  2,000  trenails  to  Sir  F.  Gorges, 
captain  of  His  Majesties  Castle  at 
Plymouth."  In  this  year  1621,  Capt. 
Samuel    Argall,   Gorges,    and    others 


GORGES 


903 


protested  against  the  Dutch  settling 
in  certain  parts  of  America. 

In  1022  he  sent  his  son  Robert,  with 
a  large  patent  for  lands,  to  '*  Messa- 
chuset  "  in  Xew  England. 

In  June,  1024,  he  was  intending  to 
send  his  son  on  an  expedition  fitted 
out  in  New  England,  to  annoy  the 
Spaniards,  in  their  possessions  in  the 
West  Indies. 

He  was  a  regular  attendant  at  the 
meetings  of  the  Council  of  New  Eng- 
land, serving  as  governor  and  as  treas- 
urer. In  102-1  he  answered  the  French 
claim  to  Xew  England. 

July  15,  1024,  he  was  one  of  the 
commissioners  for  winding  up  the  Va. 
Co.  of  London,  and  was  afterwards  a 
member  of  the  Council  for  His  Ma- 
jesty's Colony  of  Virginia. 

"  In  1025  he  commanded  a  ship-of- 
war  in  a  squadron  under  orders  from 
the  Duke  of  Buckingliam,  which  was 
sent  to  the  assistance  of  France,  under 
pretense  of  being  employed  against 
the  Genoese.  But  a  suspicion  having 
arisen  that  they  were  destined  to  assist 
Louis  against  his  Protestant  subjects 
at  Rochelle,  as  soon  as  they  were  ar- 
rived at  Dieppe,  and  found  that  they 
had  been  deceived,  Gor^^es  was  the 
first  to  break  his  orders,  and  return 
with  his  ship  to  England.  The  others 
followed  his  example,  and  their  zeal 
for  the  Protestant  religion  was  much 
applauded." 

November  17,  1629,  the  Council  for 
New  England  granted,  by  indenture, 
to  Sir  Ferdinando  Gorges  and  Capt. 
John  Mason  certain  lands  upon  the 
rivers  of  the  Irroquois,  wiiich  tb.ey 
intended  naming  the  Province  of  La- 
conia. 

During  1632  began  some  differences 
in  the  N.  E.  Council  and  Colony, 
which  I  cannot  discuss  ;  as  a  final 
result,  on  April  25,  1035,  the  Great 
Charter  was  surrendered  to  the  king, 
and  the  next  day  the  king  appointed 
Sir  Ferdinando  Gorges  governor  of  His 
Majesty's  Colony  of  New  England.  He 
was  a  member  of  the  Church  of  Eng- 
land, and  many  leading  men  in  tlie 
colony  were  Puritans  ;  naturally  there 
were  differences  of  opinion  between 
them,  wiiich  I  cannot  attempt  to  de- 
cide. 

April  3,  1639,  certain  lands  in  New 
England    were  granted  to  Sir  Ferdi- 


nando, "  to  be  hereafter  called  the 
Province  of  Maine;  "  and  to  this  prov- 
ince he  chiefly  devoted  his  remaining 
years. 

"  When  the  civil  dissensions  in  Eng- 
land broke  out  into  a  war.  Gorges  took 
the  royal  side  ;  and,  though  then  far 
advanced  in  years,  engaged  personally 
in  the  service  of  the  crown.  He  was 
in  Prince  Rupert's  army  at  the  siege 
of  Bristol  in  1043  ;  and  when  that 
city  was  retaken  in  1045  by  the  Parlia- 
ment forces,  he  was  plundered  and 
imprisoned.  His  political  principles 
rendered  him  obnoxious  to  the  ruling 
powers,  and,  when  it  was  necessary  for 
him  to  appear  before  the  Commission- 
ers for  foreign  Plantations,  he  was 
severely  frowned  upon,  and  conse- 
quently discouraged." 

He  died  at  Long  Ashton,  Somerset, 
and  was  buried  there.  May  14,  1647. 

I  have  only  attempted  a  mere  out- 
line of  the  services  of  Sir  Ferdinando 
Gorges  in  the  matter  of  our  genesis. 
He  is  said  to  have  expended  £20,000 
(.S500,000)  in  the  Northern  Colonies, 
being  a  principal  agent,  and  chiefly 
interested  in  them  for  forty  odd 
years,  and  from  the  beginning. 

He  married,  first,  February  24, 1590, 
Ann,  daughter  of  Edward  Bell,  of 
Writtle,  Essex.  She  died  August  6, 
10^0,  and  was  buried  in  St.  Sepulchre's, 
London.  He  had  issue  by  her  four 
sons  and  two  daughters.  Married,  sec- 
ondly, December  21,  1621,  Mary, 
daughter  of  Thomas  Fulford,  Esq. ;  she 
died  in  1623,  without  issue.  Married, 
thirdly,  December  6,  1627,  Elizabeth, 
daughter  of  Tristram  Gorges,  and 
widow,  first,  of  Edward  Courtney, 
secondly,  of  William  Blythe  ;  she  died 
in  March,  1029,  without  issue.  Mar- 
ried, fourthly,  September  23,  1629, 
"  Madame  Elizabeth  Smyth  de  Long 
Ashton."  She  was  the  daughter  of 
Sir  Thomas  Gorges  (see  pedigree). 
Sir  Ferdinando's  fourth  "  venture " 
survived  him,  but  had  no  issue  by 
him.  He  had  children  by  his  first 
wife  only,  namely  :  John,  born  1593  ; 
married,  first.  Lady  Frances  Clinton  ; 
secondly,  Mary,  daughter  of  Sir  John 
Meade.  Robert,  sometime  governor 
of  New  England.  Ellen  and  Honoria. 
Both  daughters  died  young  ;  the  otlier 
two  sons,  both  named  George,  died 
young,  I  believe. 


904 


GORING  — GREENE 


Goring,    Sir   George,     Sub. ; 

pd.  £25.  Knighted  at  Greenwich, 
May  29,  1608  ;  M.  P.  Lewes,  1621-22, 
1624-25,  1625,  1626,  and  1627-28  ; 
created  Baron  Goring  in  1628,  and  Earl 
of  Norwich,  1646.  Distinguished  roy- 
alist, and  father  of  the  celebrated  Gen. 
George  Goring.  He  married  Mary, 
daughter  of  Edward  Neville,  Baron 
Abergavenney  ;  died  in  1662  or  1663. 

Gosnold,  Anthony,  Sr.  (see  next), 
brother  of  Capt.  Bartholomew  Gos- 
nold, w^as  drowned  in  James  River,  Vir- 
ginia, in  January,  1609. 

Gosnold,  Anthony,  the  Younger, 

2.  Sub. ;  pd. .  Son  of  An- 
thony, Sr.  (Mem.  —  There  was  a  fam- 
ily of  the  name  at  "  Swvland  in  Com. 
Suffolk."  See  "  Vis.  of  London,"  Harl. 
Soc,  1883,  vol.  ii.  p.  176.)  He  went 
to  Virginia  in  1606  with  his  uncle  and 
father  ;  October  30, 1621,  the  company 
granted  him  three  shares  of  land  in 
Virginia  for  his  adventures,  and  on  the 
same  day  he  transferred  one  share  to 
Robert  Gosnold,  and  another  to  Roger 
Castle.  In  February,  1601,  a  Robert 
Gosnold  was  implicated  in  the  Essex 
rising,  and  confined  for  a  time  in  the 
"  Marshalsey,"  the  same,  probably, 
who  was  afterwards  captain  of  St. 
Andrew's  Castle,  County  Hants. 

Gosnold,  Captain  Bartholomew. 
He  served  Sir  Walter  Ralegh  in  one 
or  more  expeditions  to  America.  In 
1602  he  made  a  direct  voyage  to  our 
New  England  coast.  In  December, 
1606,  he  sailed  for  the  South  Virginia 
Colony,  Avhere  he  died  August  22, 1607. 
The  solicitor-general  in  the  reign  of 
Edward  VI.  was  a  Mr.  Gosnold,  prob- 
ably of  the  same  family. 

Gouge  —  Goughe.  Thomas,  gent., 

3.  Sub.  £37  10s.  ;  £37  10s. 
Gouge,   William,   D.   D.,  Puritan 

divine.  Born  December  25,  1578; 
educated  at  King's  College  in  Cam- 
bridge ;  minister  of  St.  Anne's,  Black- 
friars,  in  London,  1608-53;  a  cousin  of 
Rev.  Alexander  Whitaker  of  Virginia ; 
he  took  an  especial  interest  in,  and 
care  of,  the  Virginia  Indians  sent  to 
London.  He  was  a  member  of  the 
celebrated  Westminster  Assembly  of 
divines,  1643.  Died  December  12, 
1653.  "  He  came  to  his  grave  in  a 
full  age,  like  as  a  shock  of  corn  Com- 
eth in  his  season."  (See  Dr.  William 
Whitaker.) 


Gourges,  Dominic  de.  Died  in 
1593,  on  his  way  to  London. 

Gower.     See  Gore. 

Grantham,  Sir  Thomas,  3.  Sub. 
£37  10s.  ;  pd.  £37  10s.  Of  St.  Cath- 
erines, Lincolnshire  ;  knighted  April 
23,  1603  ;  M.  P.  Lincoln,  1604-11  and 
1614  ;  Lincolnshire,  1624-25  ;  Lincoln 
again,  1625,  1626,  and  1628-29. 

Graves,   Thomas,  gent.,   2.     Sub. 

;  pd.   £25  ;  went  to  Virginia  in 

the  Mar}-  and  Margaret  in  1608  ;  a 
member  of  the  first  House  of  Burgesses 
in  America  (for  Sniythe's  Hundred), 
July  30,  1619 ;  living  on  the  Eastern 
Shore  in  1620  ;  a  burgess  for  Accow- 
macke  (Northampton)  in  1629-32  ; 
a  commissioner  in  1621-32  ;  and  a 
member  of  the  first  regular  vestry 
of  the  parish,  Septeniber  14,  1635. 
He  was  possibly  the  father  of  John 
Graves,  who  wrote  "  A  Song  of  Sion, 
by  a  Citizen  thereof  whose  outward 
habitation  is  in  Virginia.     1652." 

Gray  —  Grey,  Lady  Elizabeth,  3. 

Sub. ;  pd.  £25.    Second  daughter 

and  sole  heir  of  Gilbert,  Earl  of 
Shrewsbury,  and  wife  of  Henry  Grey 
de  Rutliyn,  son  and  successor  of 
Charles,  the  seventh  Earl  of  Kent. 
She  married,  secondly,  John  Selden. 

Gray.  Sir  John,  3.  Sub.  £37  10s. ; 
pd.  £12  10s.  Knighted  by  Essex  at 
Cales  in  1596  ;  M.  P.  Grampound, 
1601,  and  Aldborough,  1610-11. 

Grey,   John,   2.      Sub. ;    pd. 

£25.  Transferred  his  two  shares  in 
Virginia  to  Richard  Baynam  on  June 
28,  1620. 

Gray,  Robert,  author.  (Probably 
the  author  of  "  An  Allarum  for  Eng- 
land." Licensed  to  John  Budge,  Jan- 
uary- 26,  1609.  A  person  of  this  name 
was  the  schoolmaster  at  the  Charter- 
house, 1624-26.) 

Greene,  Laurence,  grocer,  2.  Sub. 
£37  10s.  ;  pd.  £37  10s.  "  Late  ap- 
prentice with  Mr.  Alderman  Brooke  ; 
sworn  to  freedom  January  26,  1592  ; 
admitted  to  livery,  1601  ;  elected  on 
the  Court  of  Assistants  .July  26,  1611  ; 
was  second  warden  in  1615."  (From 
Grocers'  Records.)  Also  of  E.  I.  and 
N.  W.  P.  companies.  In  October, 
1641,  Laurence  Greene,  merchant, 
petitioned  the  Privy  Council,  for  a 
warrant  for  the  transportation  of 
twenty  passengers  and  provisions  to 
Virginia,  where    he    had   twenty-four 


GREENVILLE  —  GREVILLE 


905 


servants  ;  the  license  was  granted 
October  20,  1(341,  and  the  provisions 
were  transported  to  Virginia  in  the 
Mayflower. 

Greenville  —  Grenville  —  Gran- 
ville, Bernard,  es(]uire.  Eldest  son  of 
Sir  Richard  Greenville,  of  Stow,  who 
bronght  the  first  colony  to  Roanoke. 
He  was  sheriff  of  Cornwall  in  lii'JG  ; 
M.  P.  for  Bodmin,  1597-98.  Jannary 
16, 1598,  Ralegh  wrote  to  Lord  Burgh- 
ley,  asking  to  have  "  Mr.  Barnarde 
Grenville "  made  one  of  the  deputy 
levetenantes  in  Cornwall,  saying,  "  the 
gentleman  is  very  sufficient,  and  the 
rest  shall  receive  great  ease  thereby  ; 
and  her  Majesties  service  the  better 
performed."  AL  C.  for  Va.,  March  9, 
1607  ;  knighted  by  Lord  Deputy  Chi- 
chester, in  Ireland,  November  5,  1608; 
one  of  his  majesty's  tenants  in  Ireland, 
1611,  etc.  ;  buried  at  Kilkhampton, 
June  26,  1636.  He  married  Eliza- 
beth, daughter  of  Philip  Bevil,  Esq., 
and  had  issue  four  sons  and  two 
daughters  ;  one  of  the  sons.  Sir  Bevil 
Granville,  the  boldest  of  the  Cavalier 
leaders,  the  Bayard  of  England,  was 
grandfather  of  the  celebrated  George 
Granville,  Lord  Lansdowne. 

Greenville  ^ — ^Greenefield,  Cap- 
tain IldvT^ard.  Son  of  Richai'd  Greine- 
ville,  of  Wotton,  esquire.  He  was  born 
July  4,  1561  ;  was  first  captain  of  a 
pinance  called  the  Swallow,  and  after 
of  a  bark  called  the  Thomas,  under 
Sir  Francis  Drake.  He  died  at  Car- 
thagena,  South  America,  unmarried. 

Greenville,  Sir  Richard,  son  of 
Sir  Roger  Granville,  an  esquire  of  the 
body  to  Henry  VIII.,  and  his  wife 
Thomasine,  daughter  of  Thomas  Cole, 
Esq.,  of  Slade  in  Devon,  was  born  iu 
1540  ;  at  an  early  age,  by  permission 
of  Queen  Elizabeth,  he  entered  the 
imperial  army  in  Hungary,  and  at- 
tained high  reputation  for  his  achieve- 
ments against  the  Turks  ;  M.  P.  for 
Cornwall  in  1571,  and  for  Launceston, 
1572  to  1583  ;  interested  in  new  dis- 
coveries, 1574  ;  knighted  at  "  Winde- 
sore  "  in  1577  ;  sheriff  of  Cornwall, 
1578  ;  aided  in  sending  out  Amadas 
and  Barlow,  1584  ;  M.  P.  for  Corn- 
wall, 1584—85;  and  served  on  the  com- 
mittee for  confirming  Ralegh's  patent; 
took  the  first  colony  to  Virginia,  April 
to  October,  1585  ;  made  a  voyage  to 
supply  them,  April  to  December,  1586; 


took  Spanish  prizes  on  each  voyage  ; 
member  of  the  council  of  war  pre- 
paring to  meet  Spain,  1587;  serving 
against  the  Armada,  1588.  In  1591  he 
was  vice-admiral  of  the  fleet  sent  un- 
der Sir  Tiiomas  Howard  to  intercej^t 
the  Spanish  Plate  fleet,  and  "  closed 
a  noble  life  in  the  stoutest  sea-fight 
ever  waged."  He  "gave  up  the  ghost 
with  great  and  stout  courage,  and  no 
man  could  perceive  any  true  sign  of 
heaviness  in  him."  He  married  Mary, 
daughter  and  co-heir  of  Sir  John  St. 
Legei",  and  their  eldest  son  was  Ber- 
nard (ireenville  (whom  see). 

Green-well,  William,  merchant- 
tailor,  3.  Sub.  £37  10s.  ;  pd.  £100. 
Of  the  E.  I.  and  N.  W.  P.  companies  ; 
contractor  to  supply  cordage  to  the 
navy,  etc.  He  was  added  to  the 
King's  Council  for  the  Va.  Co.  ;  was  a 
director  of  the  N.  W.  P.  Co.,  and  dep- 
uty^-governor  of  the  E.  I.  Co.  He 
died  iu  1621.  Was  of  St.  Gabriel, 
Fenchurch,  London  ;  married,  in  1582, 
Ellen  Kettell,  spinster. 

Gresham,  Sir  Thomas.  Born  in 
London,  1519  ;  king's  agent  at  Ant- 
werp, 1552  ;  knighted  by  Queen  Eliz- 
abeth, 1559  ;  Gresham' s  Exchange, 
1569  ;  interested  in  Frobisher's  voy- 
ages, 1576—78  ;  planned  Grcsham's 
College  in  1575  ;  died  in  London, 
November  21,  1579.  He  was  one  of 
the  greatest  merchants  of  his  time. 
(See  his  life  by  Burgon.) 


C^^^'^^'Y^ 


rp- 


Greville,  Sir  Fulke.  Son  of  Sir 
Fidke  Greville,  Sr.,  by  his  wife  Anne, 
daughter  of  Ralph  Neville,  Earl  of 
Westmoreland,  was  born  at  Alcaster, 
in  Warwickshire,  in  1554. 

He  was  a  kinsman  to  'Sir  Henry 
Sidney,  the  father  of  Sir  Philip,  and 
to  Sir  Francis  Walsingham.  About 
1564  or  1565  he  was  at  school  with  his 
cousin  Philip  Sidney,  at  Shrewsbury. 
From  thence,  it  seems,  he  went  to 
Jesus  College  in  1568,  and  not  to 
Trinity  College,  in  Cambridge  ;  thence 
to  his  travels  on  the  continent,  etc. 

One  of  the  sponsors  for  Penelope 
West,  September  9,  1582  ;  U.  P. 
Heydon,  1584-85.  Sidney's  scheme 
for  colonizing  America  ;  with  Sidney 


906 


GREVILLE  —  GULSTONE 


about  to  embark  for  America  in  July, 
1585. 

M.  P.  for  County  Warwick  in  Par- 
liaments of  1592-93,  1597-98,  and 
1601.  Speed  says,  "  He  was  many  times 
elected  knight  of  the  shire,  with  that 
thrice  worthy  and  honoured  knight.  Sir 
Thomas  Lucy.  A  better  choyse  the 
Countie  could  not  make  ;  for  they  were 
learned,  wise,  and  honest."  Served 
Henry  IV.  in  1591;  knighted  October, 
1597.  "Treasurer  of  5larine  Causes 
for  life  in  1599,  and  is  said  to  have 
accepted  about  the  same  time  a  com- 
mission as  rear-admiral  in  the  fleet, 
which  was  then  eqiujjped  to  resist  a 
second  invasion  threatened  by  the 
Spaniards."  He  was  consulted  by 
Queen  Elizabeth  before  she  granted 
the  charter  to  the  E.  I.  Co.  in  1600  ; 
Knight  of  the  Bath  at  the  coronation 
of  King  James,  July  25, 1603  ;  M.  C. 
for  Va.,  March  9,  1607  ;  chancellor 
and  under-treasurer  of  the  exchequer, 
1614  to  1621.  Admitted  into  the  E.  I. 
Co.  in  1615,  and  into  the  Va.  Co.  of 
London,  December  17,  1617. 

M.  P.  for  County  Warwick,  1620-21, 
till  peer.  He  was  created  Baron 
Brooke  of  Beauchampe  Court,  Janu- 
ary 19,  1621,  and  soon  after  made 
lord  of  the  bedchamber. 

He  founded  a  Professorship  of 
History  in  Cambridge  in  1628.  His 
will  is  dated  Eebruary  18,  1628.  He 
never  married.  Died  at  Brooke  House, 
Holborn,  from  a  wound  received  from 
one  of  his  servants,  September  30, 
1628,  in  his  seventy-fifth  year.  "  His 
body  was  laid  in  his  own  vault,  in 
the  great  church  at  Warwick,  under  a 
monument,  which  he  had  erected  him- 
self, with  this  remarkable  inscrip- 
tion ;  — 

FtTLKE    GrEVILLE. 

Servant  to  Queen  Elizabeth, 

Councillor  to  King  .Tames, 

and  Friend  to  Sir  Philip  Sidney. 

Trophaeum  Peccati." 

"  One  great  argument  of  his  merit 
was  his  regard  to  that  of  others,  desir- 
ing to  be  known  to  posterity  under  no 
other  character  than  that  of  Sliake- 
speare's  and  Ben  Jonson's  ^Master,  Lord 
Chancellor  Egerton's  and  Bislu)])  Over- 
al's  Patron,  and  Sir  Philip  Sidney's 
Friend."     (Lloyd.) 

His  cousin  and  heir,  Robert  Greville, 
second  Lord  Brooke,  was  one  of  tlie 
fouii'lers  of  Saybrook  in  Connecticut. 


Grey.  —  See  Gray. 

Grobham,  Sir  Richard.  Sub.  £75; 
pd.  £50.  Of  Wishford,  County  Wilts; 
the  son  of  Nicholas  Grobham,  Esq.,  of 
Bishop's  Lydiard,  Somerset  ;  knighted 
at  Royston,  April  1,  1604  ;  married 
Margaret,  daughter  of  William  Whit- 
more,  of  Buldwas,  Shropshire,  and 
London  (who  married  Anne,  daugh- 
ter of  Alderman  Sir  William  Bond), 
and  sister  of  Sir  George  Whitmore. 
M.  C.  for  Va.  Co.,  1612.  He  died  in 
1629,  without  issue.  His  sister  and 
heir,  Jane  Grobham,  married  John 
Howe,  Esq.,  and  was  ancestor  of  the 
Viscounts  Howe. 

Gryce,   Nicholas,  2.     Sub. ; 

pd.  £25. 

Guercheville,  Antoinette  de 
Pons,  Madame  La  Marquis  de. 
"  Lady  of  Honor  to  the  Queen  of 
France  "  (Marie  de  Mddici). 

Gulstone  —  Goulston,  Dr.  Theo- 
dore. A  celebrated  phj  sician  ;  born 
in  1572;  educated  at  Merton  College, 
Oxford,  where  he  took  his  doctor's 
degree  April  30,  1610  ;  after  which 
he  became  fellow  (December  29, 1611) 
and  censor  of  the  College  of  Phy- 
sicians, and  practiced  his  profession 
with  great  celebrity  in  London.  Sep- 
tember 6,  1614,  he  was  sworn  a  free 
brother  of  the  E.  I.  Co.,  gratis,  at  the 
request  of  Sir  Edwin  Sandys,  whose 
life  he  had  saved  ;  and  on  September 
11, 1614,  Lorkin  wrote  to  Puckering  : 
"The  Archbishop  [George  Abbot] 
hath  been  lately  in  great  danger  of 
death,  from  a  fish's  bone,  which  stuck 
in  his  throat  as  he  was  one  day  at  din- 
ner, and  could  not  a  long  time  be  re- 
moved. The  doctors  gave  him  over  as 
desperate  ;  yet,  at  length.  Dr.  Gulston 
found  means  to  relieve  him." 

"  Ultamatamakin  (commonly  called 
Tomacomo),  one  of  Pohatans  councel- 
lours,  that  came  over  with  Dale,  was  a 
frequent  guest  at  Master  Doctor  Gold- 
stone's  in  1616,  where  he  sang  and 
danced  his  diabolicall  measures,  and 
discoursed  of  his  Countrey  and  Re- 
ligion." 

June  14,  1619,  Dr.  Gulstone  was 
appointed  on  the  committee  of  the 
Va.  Co.,  concerning  the  college  in  Vir- 
ginia. 

December  15,  1619,  he  bought  six 
shares  of  land  in  Virginia  from  John 
Cage,    Esq.,  three  shares  from  Peter 


GULSTONE  —  HAKE  WELL 


907 


Bartle,  and  one  share  from  John 
Payne,  gent. 

In  July,  1621,  he  recommended  to 
the  Va.  Co.  Dr.  John  Potts  for  the 
jjhysician's  place  in  Virginia,  vacated 
by  the  death  of  Dr.  Lawrence  liohiin. 

He  died  May  4,  1G32,  and  left  by 
his  will  iI200  to  purchase  a  rentcharge 
for  the  endowment  of  a  pathological 
lecture,  to  be  delivered  yearly  in  the 
College  of  Pliysieians  of  London  ; 
which  lecture  now  liears  his  name.  He 
was  distinguished  as  a  Latin  and  Greek 
scholar  ;  translated  several  works  from 
the  Greek  into  Latin,  two  of  which  he 
published  during  his  life,  and  a  third 
was  edited,  after  his  death,  by  his 
friend  the  Rev.  Thomas  Gataker 
(1574-1654). 

He  married  Helen  Sotherton,  daugh- 
ter of  George  Sotherton,  a  mercliaut- 
tailor  and  M.  P.  for  London,  who  died 
in  1599. 

Guy,  John.  N.  Fid.  Co.  ;  a  mer- 
chant of  Bristol  trading  to  Newfound- 
land. He  wrote  a  treatise  in  1609,  to 
animate  the  English  to  plant  in  that 
island  ;  was  an  incorporator  of  the 
company  in  1610,  and  governor  of,  and 
living  in,  Newfoundland,  1610-12.  He 
was  an  alderman  and  mayor  of  Bristol, 
and  M.  P.  for  that  city  in  1621-22, 
"  when  the  monies  collected  in  Bristol 
for  the  Palatinate  were  transmitted  to 
John  Whitson  and  himself,  to  be  by 
them  paid  to  the  proper  authorities." 
He  was  also  one  of  the  arbitrators 
with  Whitson  in  November,  1626,  in 
the  Callowhill  case. 

Gwinn.     See  Winne. 

Gypes.     See  Gipps. 

Hackshawe,  Thomas.    Sub. ; 

pd.  £12  10s. 

Hackwell.     See  Hakewell. 

Haiw^ard  —  Hayward  —  Haward 
—  Heyw^ard,    etc..    Sir    George,    2. 

Sub. ;  pd.  £12  lOs.     Son  of  Sir 

Thomas  Smythe's  sister,  Catharine,  by 
her  first  husband,  Sir  Rowland  Hay- 
ward  ;  knighted  at  Theobald's  in  1604. 
Chamberlain  wrote  to  Mrs.  Alice 
Carleton  on  February  16,  1(>14  :  "  Sir 
George  Haywood,  the  Lady  Scott's 
son  by  old  Rowland,  is  fallen  mad." 

Haw^ard,  James,  merchant,  2. 
Sub.  £37  10s.  ;  pd.  £12  10s. 

HaiTvard  (Hayward,  etc.),  John. 
(There  were  evidently  three  members 


of  this  name  in  the  Va.  Co.,  namely, 
(1)  John  Hayward  or  Master  John 
Hayward,  (2)  Rev.  John,  or  John, 
clerk,  or  John,  minister,  and  (3)  Sir 
John  Haiward,  knight.  They  paid  in 
all  £112  10s.) 

Hayward,  Master  John,  the  his- 
torian, was  born  in  SuH'olk  in  1560  ; 
was  D.  C.  L.  of  Cambridge  ;  pleader 
in  ecclesiastical  courts.  Ihe  first  part 
of  his  "Life  and  Raigne  of  King 
llenrie  the  IV."  was  publislied  in  159i). 
Elizabeth  was  displeased  with  the 
book,  and  ordered  Bacon  to  search  it 
for  treasons.  He  reported  no  treason, 
but  many  felonies  ;  for  the  author 
"  had  stolen  many  of  his  sentences  and 
conceits  out  of  Cornelius  Tacitus." 
He  was  historiographer  of  Chelsea 
College  in  1610  ;  wrote  the  lives  of 
the  three  Norman  kings  (William  I. 
and  II.  and  Henry  I.)  of  England  for 
Prince  Henry,  which  w'ere  published 
in  1613  ;  knighted  November  9,  1619; 
M.  P.  for  Bridgenorth,  1621-22,  and 
for  Saltash,  1626  ;  married  Jane, 
daughter  of  Andrew  Paschal,  Esq.,  of 
Springfield,  Essex.  He  died  in  Lon- 
don, June  27,  1627,  and  was  buried  in 
Great  St.  Bartholomew's.  His  will  is 
dated  March  30,  1626,  and  was  proved 
June  28,  1627.  "  His  Life  of  Edward 
VI.  "  was  published,  after  his  death,  in 
1630. 

Haivvrard  (etc.),  Rev.  John,  2. 
Sub.  £37  10s.  (In  Stith's  list  of  mem- 
bers in  the  second  charter  he  is  called 
"  John  HowaTd,  clerk  ;  "  in  the  list  of 
subscribers,  "  John  //e?/ward,  mynis- 
ter  ; "  in  the  Somers  Islands  charter,, 
"John  Hayward  or  Hevward,  clerk."). 
Author  of  "  The  Strong'  Helper,  1614," 
etc. 

Haiward,  Sir  John,  3.  Sub.  £75. 
Second  son  of  Sir  Rowland  Hayward 
by  his  second  wife,  Catharine  Smythe; 
knighted  at  Windsor,  July  23,  1609; 
high  sheriff  of  Kent  in  1624. 

Hai^ward,  Roland.     See  Hayward. 

Ha.keAvell,  William,  esquire,  3. 
Sub.  £37  lOs.;  pd.  £12  10s.  Born  in 
Exeter,  1574  ;  barrister  of  Lincoln's 
Inn  ;  M.  P.  Bossinev,  1601,  St.  Mi- 
chael's, 1604-11, 1614,  Tregonv,  1621- 
22,  Amersham,  1624-25  and  1628-29  ; 
was  master  in  chancery  at  decease  ; 
died  October  31,  1655,  aged  81.  He 
married  a  niece  of  Lord  Bacon's  ;  was 
queen's  solicitor  in  1617.     His  brother, 


908 


HAKLUYT  —  HAMOR 


Dr.  George  Hakewill,  Archdeacon  of 
Surrey,  and  hinaself  were  eomniitted 
to  custody  in  August,  1G21,  for  pre- 
senting to  Prince  Charles,  without  the 
king's  knowledge,  a  discourse  against 
the  Spanish  match.  He  was  on  the 
Virginia  Commission  of  July  15,  1624. 
Author  "Liberty  of  the  Subject,  1G41." 

Hakluyt,  Richard,  the  Elder. 
Of  the  Middle  Temple,  a  cousin  to  the 
Rev.  Richard.  He  was  much  inter- 
ested in  foreign  lands  and  the  advance- 
ment of  English  commerce.  Henry 
Lane,  of  tlie  Skinnei's'  Company  in 
1567,  wrote  to  him  in  behalf  of  the 
fur  trade  of  that  company.  About 
1568  he  showed  his  cousin,  Richard, 
"  certeine  bookes  of  Cosmographie, 
with  an  L'niversall  Mappe,"  and 
pointed  out  to  him  the  various  seas, 
lands,  etc.,  and  then  turning  to  the 
107th  Psalm,  directed  him  to  the  23d 
and  24th  verses,  where  he  read  "  that 
they  which  go  downe  to  the  sea  in 
ships  and  occupy  by  tlie  great  waters, 
they  see  the  works  of  the  Lord  and  his 
wonders  in  the  deepe,"  etc.,  and  his 
discourse  influenced  his  cousin  in  pros- 
ecuting those  studies. 

He  consulted  Dr.  Dee,  June  30, 
1578  ;  gave  instructions  for  the  Pet 
and  Jackman  voyage  in  May,  1580. 
Walsingham  sent  a  letter  by  him  to  the 
Bristol  merchants,  March  11,  1583. 
Lane  wrote  a  letter  to  him  from  Vir- 
ginia, September  3,  1585. 

Hakluyt,  Rev.  Richard,  1.     Sub. 

;    pd.   £21.     Born    about    1552  ; 

"  brought  up  at  Westminster  school  ; " 
became  interested  in  cosmography  ; 
entered  Christ  Church  College,  Ox- 
ford, in  1570  ;  B.  A.,  February  19, 
1573;  M.  A.,  June  27,1577;  consulted 
Ortetius;  delivered  public  lectures  on 
Cosmography,  etc.  ;  dedicated  his 
"  Divers  Voyages,"  to  Sir  Philip  Sid- 
ney in  1582 ;  letters  from  Walsingham 
and  Parmenius  to  him  in  1583;  chap- 
lain of  the  English  legation  at  Paris, 
1583-88.  Letters  from  Paris,  1584- 
86.  Wrote  discourse  on  "  Western 
Planting"  for  Ralegh  in  1.584;  caused 
the  journals  of  Ribault  and  others  to 
be  published,  1586.  He  publislied 
"De  Orbe  Novo,"  etc.,  in  Paris  about 
March,  1587,  and  in  London,  May  1, 
1587,  his  translation  of  the  journals  of 
Landonuiere,  etc.  The  first  edition  of 
his  "  Principal  Navigations,"  etc.,  No- 


vember 17,  1589.  His  first  wife  died 
about  1597,  leaving  an  only  child,  Ed- 
mond.  The  second  edition  in  three 
volumes  of  his  "  Principal  Naviga- 
tions," etc.  :  first  volume  in  1598, 
second,  1599,  and  third  in  1600.  Pub- 
lished "  Galvano's  Discoveries  of  the 
World  "  in  1601  ;  was  interested  in 
Pring's  voyage  to  New  England,  1603  ; 
one  of  the  chaplains  of  the  Savoy  ; 
married,  secondly,  about  March  30, 
1604,  when  about  52  years  old,  Fran- 
ces, widow  of  William  Sraithe  of  St. 
Botolph,  Bishopsgatc,  gent.,  deceased  ; 
had  been  prebendary  of  Bristol  Ca- 
thedral since  1585  ;  in  1605  was  ap- 
pointed a  prebendary  of  Westminster, 
and  rector  of  Wetheringset  in  Suffolk. 
He  died  at  Eaton  in  Herefordshire  in 
Novembex",  1616.  His  will,  dated  Au- 
gust 20,  1612,  was  proved  November 
23,  1616.  He  was  buried  in  West- 
minster Abbey,  November  26,  1616. 
June  13,  1621,  his  son  Edmond  trans- 
ferred two  shares  in  Virginia  to  John 
Moore. 

'^x^/W  jijotLCiyl ^*'*'^^ 

Hall,    Richard,    grocer,    3.     Sub. 

£50  ;  pd. .      One  of  the  farmers 

of  the  impost  on  tobacco;  in  February, 
1610,  he  was  granted  £160  lis.  in 
consideration  of  his  great  losses  as 
abatement  of  his  impost  on  tobacco. 

Hainan.     See  Hampton. 

Hamer  —  Hamor,  Ralph,  the 
Elder,  merchant-tailor,  2.  Sub.  £37 
10s.  ;  pd.  £133  6s.  8d.  He  was  an 
incorporator,  and  for  a  time  a  director 
of  the  E.  I.  Co.  He  died  in  1615, 
leaving  his  widow,  Susan,  as  execu- 
trix of  his  estate.  Two.  of  their  sons 
went  to  Virginia,  Raphe  in  1609,  and 
Thomas  in  1617.  Thomas  was  at 
Master  Harrison's  house  near  War- 
raskoyack  at  the  time  of  the  massa- 
cre, March  22,  1622.  On  the  24th  of 
January,  1623,  George  Harrison  wrote 
from  Jamestown  that  "  I  homas  Hamor 
was  very  sick."  He  probably  died 
before  February,  1624. 

Hamor,  Ralph,  the  Younger,  2. 
Sub. ;  pd.  £25.  Went  to  Vir- 
ginia in  1609,  and  remained  tliere  until 
June  18,  1614.  On  the  8tli  of  January, 
1617,  the  company  gave  him  eight 
shares  in  Virginia,  and  on  the  15th  of 


HAMOR  —  H  ARCOURT 


909 


Jiumary  "  bills  of  adventure  allowed 
to  Capt.  Raphe  Hamor  and  the  per- 
sons here  under  named  for  every  man 
transported  at  their  eharge  being  16, 
who  were  to  have  noe  Bonds,  vizth.  : 
one  bill  of  £12  10s.  for  Mr.  Rob. 
Sturton  ;  one  Bill  of  £25  for  Mr. 
Christo:  Martin  ;  one  Bill  of  £12  10s. 
for  Mr.  John  Blaekall  ;  one  Bill  of 
£50  for  Mr.  Tho:  Hamor  ;  one  Bill  of 
£62  10s.  for  Mr.  Raphe  Hamor  ;  one 
Bill  of  £25  for  Mr.  William  Tucker  ; 
one  Bill  of  £12  lOs.  for  Mr.  Elias 
Roberts."  He  sailed  from  England 
about  Marcli,  and  arrived  in  Virginia 
in  May,  1617.  He  >vas  a  member  of 
the  council  in  Virginia,  1621  to  1628, 
and  probably  after. 

Hamersley,  Master  Hugh,  haber- 
dasher, 2.     Sub.  ;  pd.  £25.     "A 

great  and  general  merchant  ; "  mem- 
ber of  the  Rus.,  E.  L,  N.  W.  P.,  and 
other  companies  ;  was  a  director  and 
an  auditor  of  the  E.  I.  Co.  ;  sheriff  of 
London,  1618-19  ;  alderman  of  Bish- 
opsgate  ward,  1619-22,  and  Aldgate 
ward,  1622-36  ;  "  Coronel  of  London 
and  President  of  the  Honorable  Artil- 
lery Company  ; "  lord  mayor,  1627- 
28  ;  knighted  June  8,  1628  ;  president 
of  Christ's  Hospital,  1634,  till  decease. 
Died  October  19,  1636,  aged  71,  and 
lies  buried  under  "  a  great  Monument 
in  the  North  Wall,"  of  the  Church  of 
St.  Andrew's  LTndershaft,  London.  He 
gave  the  Haberdashers'  Company  a 
silver  gilt  salt  cellar  by  Cellini. 

Hampton,  Captain  John,  of  Plym- 
outh. Ralegh  referred  to  him  as  "  a 
sea  captain  of  the  greatest  experience 
in  England  "  in  1595. 

Hampton,  Thomas,  3.    Sub. ; 

pd.  £25. 

Hanbury,  John,  merchant-tailor. 
Pd.  £1  +  £25. 

Hancock,  William,  2.    Sub. ; 

pd.  £62  lOs. 

Hanger,  George.     Pd.  £25. 

Hanham,  Sir  John,  3.  Sub.  £37 
10s.  ;  pd.  £37  10s.  Of  Dean's  Court, 
Wiuborne,  Dorset  ;  eldest  son  of 
Thomas  Hanham,  sergeant  at  law,  by 
his  wife,  Penelope,  daugiiter  of  Sir 
John  Popham  ;  M.  P.  East  Looe,  1601; 
knighted  at  Charterhouse,  May  11, 
1603;  M.  P.  Weymouth,  1604-11. 
He  was  sheriff  of  Dorset,  12  James  I. 
Died  in  16 — ,  without  issue,  and  was 
succeeded    at    Dean's    Court    by   his 


brother  Thomas  (see  Popham  ped- 
igree). 

Hanham,  Thomas,  1.  Son  of 
Thomas  Hanham  and  brother  of  the 
above  Sir  John  ;  was  a  member  of 
the  New  England  Council,  November 
3,  1620  ;  succeeded  his  brother,  Sir 
John,  at  Dean's  Court  ;  left  a  son, 
John,  whose  son.  Sir  William  Han- 
ham, was  created  a  baronet.  (It  may 
have  been  the  father,  but  I  think  it 
was  this  Thomas,  who  was  named  in 
the  charter  of  April  10,  1606,  and  who 
went  to  North  Virginia  with  Pring  iu 
that  year.     See  Sir  John  Popham.) 

Hansford,  Humfrie,  grocer,  3. 
Sub.  £37  10s.  ;  pd.  £-50.  Son  of 
William  Hansford,  of  London ;  was 
baptized  in  St.  Mary  Woolchurch 
Haw,  March  11,  1565  ;  was  an  incor- 
porator of  the  E.  I.  Co.,  1600  ;  church- 
waiTlen  of  St.  Mary  Woolchurch,  1606- 
08  ;  a  director  of  the  E.  I.  Co.  in  1607, 
and  for  many  years  thereafter  ;  incor- 
porator of  the  N.  W.  P.  Co.,  July  26, 
1612  ;  gave  "an  elegant  cushion  for 
the  Pulpitt  and  a  Puli)itt  Cloth"  to 
St.  Mary  Woolchurch  in  1613.  Lyson 
says,  "The  old  house  at  Woodford- 
row  was  built  in  1617,  by  Sir  Hum- 
phrey Handforth,  master  of  the  ward- 
robe to  James  1.,  who  is  said  freqviently 
to  have  dined  there,  when  hunting  in 
the  forest."  Was  a  member  of  the 
N.  Fid.  Co. ;  on  the  commission  to  treat 
with  the  Hollanders,  January  8,  1619  ; 
recommended  by  King  James  for 
treasurer  of  the  Va.  Co.  in  Mav,  1622; 
sheriff  of  London,  1622-23  ;  knighted 
at  Woodford  Row,  July  14,  1622  ; 
elected  alderman  of  Castle  Baynard 
ward,  August  13,  1622.  On  February 
5,  1623,  he  transferred  one  share  of 
his  lands  in  Virginia  to  Sir  Timothy 
Thornehill.  He  was  on  the  commis- 
sion for  the  Va.  Co.,  July  15,  1624. 
Died  at  Woodford  Row,  and  was  bur- 
ied "  in  his  vawte  at  Wool-church, 
Nov.  1,  1625." 

Hansford,  John,  merchant-tailor. 
2.  Sub. ;  pd.  £37  10s.  Proba- 
bly the  brother  of  Sir  Humfrey  who 
was  baptized  February  25,  1571. 
(Colonel  Hansford  of  Bacon's  Rebel- 
lion, "  had  the  honor  of  being  the 
first  Virginian  born  that  ever  was 
hanged.") 

Harcourt,  Robert.  Eldest  son 
of  Sir  Walter   Harcourt,  of  Stanton- 


910 


HARCOURT  —  HARIOT 


Harcourt,  by  his  wife  Dorothj',  daugh- 
ter of  William  Robinsou,  of  Draytou- 
Bassett  in  StafPordshii-e.  "  His  brother 
Michael  and  himself  were  interested 
with  Sir  Walter  Ralegh  in  Wiaffero, 
and  Guyana  in  South  America."  He 
was  on  a  voyage  to  Guiana,  March 
to  December,  1609,  and  his  brother, 
Capt.  Michael  Harcourt,  remained 
there  at  "  Wiapoco,"  until  1612. 
James  I.  granted  to  him  and  others  a 
patent,  August  28,  1613.  They  sent 
out  an  expedition  under  Capt.  Ed- 
ward Harvey  in  1616-17,  and  Collins 
says  that  "Robert  Harcourt  was  the 
most  considerable  adventurer  with  Sir 
Walter  Raleigh  in  his  Voyage  to  Guy- 
ana," 1617-18.  He  married,  in  1598, 
Frances  Vere,  sister  of  Sir  Horace 
Vera,  and  died  in  1631,  aged  fifty- 
seven  years. 

Hare,  John,  esquire,  3.  Sub.  £37 
10s.;  pd.  £37  10s.  Probably  the  eld- 
est sou  of  Sir  Ralph  Hare,  of  Slow 
Bardolph,  Norfolk.  M.  P.  for  Ayles- 
bery,  1625,  Evesham,  1626,  and  King's 
Lynn,  1628-29.  Knighted  Decembor 
4,  1617  ;  married  Elizabeth,  daughter 
of  Lord  Keeper  Coventry. 

Harfleet,  Sir  Thonias,  3.  Sub. 
£37  10s. ;  pd.  £12  10s.  "Thomas Sep- 
tuans  als  Harfleete  of  Kent "  was 
knighted  at  Whitehall,  July  23,  1603. 
Harington.  See  Harrington. 
Harlot,  Thomas.  An  eminent 
English  mathematician;  was  born  at 
Oxford  in  1560,  and,  having  been  in- 
structed in  Grammar-learning  in  that 
city,  became  a  Batler  or  Commoner 
of  St.  Mary's  Hall  in  that  University, 
where  he  took  the  degree  of  Bachelor 
of  Arts,  February  12,  1579  [1580], 
and  in  the  latter  end  of  that  year 
completed  it  by  determination  in 
School  Street.  Soon  after  he  came  to 
the  knowledge  of  Sir  Walter  Ralegh 
on  account  of  his  admirable  skill  in 
the  Mathematics,  and  was  entertained 
by  that  gentleman,  with  the  allowance 
of  an  annual  pension,  for  instructing 
him  in  that  science.  He  was  sent  by 
Sir  Walter  to  Virginia  in  1585,  where 
he  was  employed,  from  June  1585,  to 
June  1586,  in  the  discovery  and  sur- 
veying of  the  country,  observing  the 
manners,  customs,  etc.,  of  the  people. 
And,  upon  his  return  he  published  the 
result  of  his  labors  in  "  A  Briefe  and 
True  Repoi-t  of  the  Newfound  Land 


of  Virginia,  etc.,  London,  1588."  In 
1594  he  published  a  chapter  on  rhumbs, 
and  in  1596  he  framed  a  chart  of 
Guiana,  etc.  About  this  time  "  Sir 
Walter  got  him  into  the  acquaintance 
of  that  noble  and  generous  Count 
Henry  Percy,  Earl  of  Northumber- 
land, who  finding  him  a  gentleman  of 
an  affable  and  peaceable  naturo,  and 
well  read  in  the  obscure  parts  of 
learning,  he  did  allow  him  a  yearly 
pension  of  £120."  He  shared  in  the 
troubles  of  his  patrons.  At  the  trial 
of  Ralegh  in  1603,  Chief  Justice  Pop- 
ham  I'eferred  to  the  devilish  o^^inions 
of  Hariot,  and  he  was  not  without  sus- 
picion of  having  some  knowledge  of 
the  Gunpowder  Plot  in  1605.  When 
Ralegh  and  the  earl  were  in  the 
Tower,  Hariot,  Hues,  and  Warner 
were  their  constant  companions,  and 
were  usually  called  the  Earl  of  Nor- 
thumberland's Three  Magi.  He  made 
a  sun-dial  for  the  earl  which  is  still  to 
be  seen  on  the  south  face  of  the  Martin 
Tower.  In  1607  Hariot  drew  up  ob- 
servations on  the  comet  since  known 
as  "  Halley's  Comet,"  which  were  pub- 
lished by  Professor  Rigaud,  Oxford, 
1832.  In  1609  he  was  in  consulta- 
tion with  the  Va.  Co.  of  Loudon.  In 
1610  he  is  said  to  have  observed  the 
satellites  of  Jupiter,  a  few  day's  after 
Galileo  first  discovered  them,  and  to 
have  been  himself  the  first  to  detect 
the  spots  on  the  sun,  December  8, 
1610.  "  He  was  noted  for  skill  in 
Algebra,  his  treatise  on  which,  enti- 
tled, '  Artis  Analyticse  Praxis  ad 
sequationes  Algebraicus  nova,'  etc , 
edited  by  his  friend,  Mr.  Walter  War- 
ner, was  published  after  his  death  in 
1631."  "  Hariot  .  .  .  was  destined," 
says  Hallam,  "to  make  the  last  great 
discovery  in  the  pure  science  of  Alge- 
bra. .  .  .  He  arrived  at  a  complete 
theory  of  the  genesis  of  Equations, 
which  Cardan  and  Vieta  had  but  par- 
tially conceived."  He  lived  for  some 
time  in  Sion  College,  and  died  at 
London  "  of  cancer  in  the  lip "  and 
other  troubles,  July  2,  1621.  His 
body  was  interred  in  St.  Christopher's 
Church  in  London  (the  site  of  this 
church  is  now  occupied  by  the  Bank 
of  England),  where  a  monument  was 
erected  for  him  by  his  noble  executors. 
Sir  Thomas  Aylesbury  and  Robert 
Sidney  Viscount   Lisle,    with   a   Latin 


SIR    GEORGE    SOMERS 


HARIOT  — HARPER 


911 


inscription  which  may  be  thus  trans- 
lated :  — 

"  Stop  traveller,  tread  lightly/just 
here  lies  what  was  mortal/of  the  cele- 
brated man/Thomas  Hariot./He  was 
tliat  most  learned  Harriot/of  Syon 
near  the  river  Thames,/By  birth  and 
edueation/an  Oxonian./He  was  versed 
in  all  sciences. /He  excelled  in  all 
things./Mathematics,  Philosophy,  The- 
ology,/i'he  most  studious  explorer  of 
Truth/The  most  pious  cultivator  of 
the  Triune  God./A  sexagenarian  or 
thereabouts,/he  bid  farewell  to  mor- 
tality; not  to  life,  In  the  year  of  our 
Lord,  1621,  on  the  2d  July." 

The  following  extracts  are  from 
"The  Accomptes  of  the  Church  War- 
dens of  the  Paryshe  of  St.  Christo- 
fer's  in  London."  From  the  Introduc- 
tion by  Edwin  Freshfield,  vice-presi- 
dent of  the  Society  of  Antiquaries  of 
London,  etc.:  "Mr.  Harriote  was  a 
frequent  resident  in  the  parish  with 
his  friend  Mr.  Buckner ;  indeed  he 
died  at  his  house  in  1622  [1621].  .  .  . 
He  had  always  kept  up  his  interest 
in  Virginia,  and  with  his  friend  Mr. 
Buckner  was  instrumental  in  promot- 
uig  the  colonization  of  that  country." 
From  "  The  Accompt,  etc.,  for  Anno 
1622  "  (i.  e.,  from  May,  1621,  to  May, 
1622).  "Received  for  the  Knell  of 
Mr.  Harriote,  6  shillings  and  8  pence." 
"  Received  of  Mr.  Thomas  Buckner, 
being  the  gift  of  Mr.  Harriot,  £4." 
"  Paid  to  the  poore  by  tlie  Gifte  of 
Mr.  Harriot — four  pounds."  From 
"  The  Accompt,  etc.,  for  Anno  1626  " 
(May,  1625,  to  May,  1626).  "Re- 
ceived of  Mr.  Thomas  Buckner  for  the 
Erectinge  of  Mr.  Herriot  his  monu- 
ment in  the  Chauncell  the  some  of  one 
pound." 

Harley   (etc.),  Captain  Edward, 

2.     Sub. ;  pd. .      His  name  is 

variously  spelled  :  Harlow,  Hawley, 
Harley,  etc.  Among  the  papers  in  the 
collection  of  Lord  De  L'Isle  and  Dud- 
ley, catalogued  in  the  Third  Report  of 
the  Royal  Hist.  Commission,  is  the  fol- 
lowing :  "  Folio  paper,  16th  Century. 
Ars  Naupegica.  Art  of  Shipbuilding, 
by  Edmund  Harlow,  Gent."  Captain 
Harlow  made  the  voyage  to  our  New 
England  coast  with  Popham,  May  31, 
1607,  to  December,  1608.  He  was 
again  on  our  coast  in  1611,  "and 
brought  away  the  salvadges  from  the 


river  of  Canada,"  which  were  "  showed 
in  London  for  a  wonder,"  in  the  spring 
of  161'.'.  In  June,.  1614,  Capt.  Hen- 
rv  (?)  Ilarioy  was  sent  to  our  coast 
by  Sir  Feidinando  Gorges  and  others. 
He  probably  returned  to  England  the 
same  year.  March  28,  1623,  "Ed- 
ward Hawley,  gentleman,  was  close 
prisoner  in  the  Gate  house  at  West- 
minster, by  the  King's  own  warrant ;  " 
but  whether  this  was  our  captain  or 
not,  I  am  not  able  to  say.  Alany  of 
the  same  family  name  were  afterwards 
interested  in  the  English  colonies  in 
America. 

Harley  (Hawley,  etc.),  Captain 
Henry.  Of  the  1611  voyage.  Possi- 
bly the  third  son  of  Jeremy  Hawley, 
Esq.,  of  Boston,  near  Brentford,  Mid- 
dlesex, England.  He  died  unmarried, 
and  is  classed  as  a  merchant  in  the 
family  pedigree.  His  brother,  John 
Hawley,  married  Amy,  daughter  of 
Thomas  Studley,  who  may  have  been 
"  the  first  cape  merchant  in  Virginia." 
His  eldest  brother,  James  Hawley, 
Esq.,  of  Brentford,  born  in  1558,  and 
still  living  in  1619,  was  twice  married 
and  had  a  large  family,  by  his  first 
wife,  Susan,  daughter  of  Richard  Tot- 
hill  of  Devonshire.  He  is  said  to  have 
had  seven  sons,  viz.:  (1)  Jerome,  (2) 
Capt.  Henry,  (3)  Dr.  Richard,  (4) 
James,  (5)  William,  and  two  others. 
I  think  the  two  others  were  Gabriel, 
who  died  in  Virginia,  and  John,  who 
came  to  Virginia  in  1619.  (1)  Jerome 
(born  about  1580)  was  interested  in 
Virginia  and  Maryland  —  was  a  coun- 
cilor in  the  first  and  commissioner  of 
the  other.  (4)  James  and  (5)  William 
were  also  interested  in  these  colonies  ; 
(2)  Capt.  Henry  Hawley  (who  may 
have  made  the  voyage  of  1614  when 
a  young  man)  was  long  interested  in 
colonization,  and  became  famous  as  a 
governor  of  the  Barbadoes  (1632-39). 
The  present  baronet  descends  from 
the  third  son  (3)  Dr.  Richard  Hawley 
of  London. 

Harley,  Robert.     Pd.  £12  10s. 
Harper,  John,  fishmonger,  2.  Sub. 

;  pd.   £62  10s.     Also  a  member 

of  the  E.  I.  Co.  June  23,  1620,  lie  gave 
Mr.  John  Whitcombe,  who  married 
his  daughter,  Anne  Harper,  a  share 
in  Virginia.  There  is  a  fair  monu- 
ment to  himself  and  wife  on  the  south 
side    of    the    parish    church    of    St. 


912 


HARPER  —  HARRIS 


Margaret  Moyses,  Breadstreet  ward, 
Loudon,  with  this  inscription  :  "  Here 
lieth  the  Bodies  of  John  Harper, 
citizen  and  fishmonger,  Treasurer  of 
Christ's  Hospital,  and  Alderman's 
Deputy  of  Breadstreet  Ward,  London. 
Aud  Frances  his  wife,  daughter  to 
James  Smyth,  of  Great  Lunber,  in 
the  County  of  Lincolne,  gentleman. 
By  whom  he  had  issue  five  children  ; 
but  at  the  time  of  their  Death  left 
only  a  son,  John,  and  a  daughter, 
Anne,  married  to  John  Whitcombe  of 
London.  He  died  the  27  of  Novem- 
ber, 1632,  in  the  79tli  year  of  his  age, 
and  she  departed  this  life  the  30  day 
of  October,  1630,  being  72  years 
old."  By  his  will,  he  gave  money  to 
purchase  books  for  Siou  College  Li- 
brary. 

Harrington,  John  Lord,  3.     Sub. 

;   pd.   .     He   was   the  oldest 

son  and  successor  of  Sir  James  Har- 
rington, Knt.,  of  Exton,  by  his  wife 
Lucy,  daughter  of  Sir  William  Sid- 
ney of  Penshurst;  born  about  1510; 
knighted  January,  1583 ;  M.  P.  for 
Warwickshire,  1586-87;  and  for  Rut- 
landshire in  1593,  1597-98,  and  1601 ; 
elevated  to  the  peerage  as  Baron  Har- 
rington of  Exton,  July  21,  1603.  "  A 
sincere  Christian  and  a  learned  man," 
he  was  tutor  to  the  Princess  Elizabeth 
until  her  marriage  with  the  Electoral- 
Palatine  ;  aud  in  April,  1613,  he  attend- 
ed her  royal  highness  into  Germany. 
He  died,  on  his  way  back  to  England, 
at  Worms,  on  the  24th  of  August, 
1613,  at  the  age  of  73.  He  was  first 
cousin  to  Sir  Philip  Sidney,  and  "  a 
grand  benefactor  to  Sidney  College  in 
Cambridge."  He  married  Anne,  only 
daughter  and  heir  of  Robert  Kelway 
(Callaway),  Esq.,  surveyor  of  the 
Court  of  Wards,  and  had,  with  other 
issue,  John,  his  successor,  and  Lucy, 
who  married  Edward  Russell,  third 
Earl  of  Bedford. 

His  stock  in  the  Va.  Co.,  at  his  death, 
passed  to  his  son  John,  I  suppose. 

Harrington,  Sir  John,  3.  Sub. 
£150  ;  pd.  £187  10s.  Son  of  Jolm 
Lord  Harrington ;  was  baptized  at  Step- 
ney. May  3,  1592;  was  made  a  Kniglit 
of  the  Bath  at  the  creation  of  Charles 
Duke  of  York,  "Twelfth  Day  [January 
6]  1605  "  (O.  S.).  He  returned  froili 
his  travels  abroad  in  1609,  with  learning 
and  experience  far  beyond  his  years, 


aud  at  once  took  an  active  interest 
in  affairs.  M.  C.  for  Va.  Co.,  1612. 
July  26,  1612,  he  was  one  of  the  incor- 
porators of  the  N.  W.  P.  Co.  Suc- 
ceeded his  father  as  Lord  Hariington, 
August  24,  1613  ;  died  of  the  small- 
pox on  Sunday,  February  27,  1614, 
at  Kew,  near  Richmond,  unmarried. 
The  friend  and  companion  of  Henry, 
Prince  of  Wales,  "  he  was  pious,  tem- 
perate, and  chaste  without  the  least 
tincture  of  sourness  or  aiisterity." 
"  A  most  bountiful  benefactor  of  Sid- 
ney College  in  Cambridge." 

Harrington-Russell,  Lucy,  Count- 
ess of  Betlford,  3.    Sub. ;  pd. . 

The  elder  of  the  two  daughters  of 
John,  first  Lord  Harrington  of  Exton, 
and  sister  of  Sir  John  Harrington 
aforesaid ;  married  at  Stepney  in  Mid- 
dlesex, on  December  12,  1594,  to  Ed- 
ward Russell,  third  Earl  of  Bedford  ; 
inherited  two  thirds  of  her  brother's 
vast  estate  in  1614.  Her  husband  died 
on  May  1,  1627,  and  she  died  thirty 
days  after.  She  took  great  interest  in 
rare  plants,  in  the  management  of  her 
gardens  and  orchards,  and  probably 
obtained  many  varieties  from  Virginia 
aud  the  Bermudas.  She  was  the  pat- 
roness of  Ben  Jonson,  Dr.  Donne, 
Samuel  Daniel,  Drayton,  and  other 
poets. 

Harris,  Sir  Arthur,  3.    Sub. ; 

pd.  £37  10s.  Of  Woodham  Mor- 
timer, Essex.  Son  of  Sir  William 
Harris  ;  was  born  in  1584  ;  licensed 
to  travel  for  three  vears.  May  12, 
1604  ;  knighted  at  Otelands,  July  15, 
1600  ;  M.  P.  for  Maldon,  1624-25  ; 
for  Essex,  1025  ;  for  Maldon  again, 
1628-29  ;  died  January  9,  1632.  He 
married,  first,  in  1606,  Anne,  daugh- 
ter of  Robert  Cranmer,  of  Chepsted, 
County  Kent,  esquire,  and,  secondly,  in 
1615,  Dame  Anne  Bowyer,  widow  of 
Sir  Henry  Bowyer,  and  daughter  and 
sole  heir  to  Sir  Nicholas  Salter. 

Harris,  Sir  Christopher,  3.     Sub. 

;  pd. .     Of  Radford,  Devon. 

One  of  the  executors  of  Sir  Francis 
Drake.  M.  P.  Plymouth,  1584-85  ; 
knighted  June  7,  KiOO  ;  buried  Janu- 
ary 27,  1625.  Ralegh  spent  nine  or 
ten  days  at  his  house  in  June,  1618. 

Harris,  John,  cscpiire,  3.  Sub.  £37 
10s.;  pd.  £37  10s.  Son  of  Sir  Wil- 
liam Harris.  (M.  P.  West  Looe, 
1614.) 


HARRIS  —  HARRISON 


913 


Harris,  Roger,  3.  Sub.  £37  10s. ; 
pd.  £08  15s. 

Harris,    Thomas,  gent.,   2.      Sub. 

;  pd.  £25.     This  may  have  been 

the  sou  of  Sii"  William  Harris.  I 
thiuk  it  was  the  persou  of  the  name 
who  went  to  A'irginia  with  Dale  in 
1611,  and  was  living  at  the  Neck-of- 
Land,  Charles  City,  in  February,  1625, 
aged  38,  with  his  wife,  aged  23. 

Harris,  Sir  Williain,  3.  Sub.  £75; 
pd.  £75.  Of  Crixith  and  AVoodham 
Mortimer,  Essex.  Knighted  at  White- 
hall, July  23,  1603.  Died  in  Novem- 
ber, 1616.  Himself  and  wife  are  bur- 
ied at  Crixith  in  Essex.  He  married 
Alice,  daughter  of  Thomas  Smith,  of 
Westonhanger  in  Kent  (see  Smythe 
pedigree),  and  had  by  her  four  sons  and 
four  daughters,  namely.  Sir  Arthur, 
William,  of  Lincohi's  Inn,  Thomas, 
John,  Alice,  Mary,  Frances,  and  Eliza- 
beth. The  daughter,  Alice  Harris,  a 
niece  of  Sir  Thomas  Smythe's,  mar- 
ried Sir  Henry  Mildinay  of  Graces, 
who  was  own  cousin  to  John  W  inthrop, 
governor  of  ^lassachusetts. 

Harrisou,  Edward,  ironmonger,  2. 
Sub.  £37  10s.;  pd.  £112  10s.  An  in- 
corporator and  leading  member  of 
the  E.  I.  Co.  November  13,  1620,  he 
transferred  500  acres  of  land  in  Vir- 
ginia to  Raphe  Fogg. 

Harrison,  George.  The  only  broth- 
er of  Sir  John  Harrison.  Came  to 
Virginia  in  1618.  March  6,  162J,  Sir 
George  Yardley,  governor  of  Vir- 
ginia, granted  to  "  George  Harrison  of 
Charles  City,  gentleman,  who  hath 
abode  in  the  colony  three  years,  200 
acres  of  land  situate  on  the  opposite 
side  of  the  river  over  against  the  Gov- 
ernor's Mansion  House,  to  be  doubled 
by  the  Virginia  Company,  when  suffi- 
ciently planted  and  peopled."  This 
land  was  near  "  Chapokes  Creeke,"  and 
was  still  standing  in  Harrison's  name 
in  1626.  He  wrote  to  his  brother  John 
from  James  City  in  Virginia  May  12, 
1622  ;  another  long  and  interesting 
letter  January  24,  1623.  These  letter.s 
are  still  preserved  among  the  colonial 
papers.  In  the  spring  of  1624  he  had 
a  duel  (probably  the  first  in  Virginia) 
\vith  Richard  Stephens,  somewhere 
near  James  City  in  Virginia,  in  which 
he  received  a  small  cut  in  the  knee 
only,  but  died  fourteen  days  after. 
The  jury  at  the  inquest  affirmed  that 


he  died  of  natural  disease.  He  left 
property  in  Virginia  and  "  the  West 
Indies  "  [The  Bermudas  ?]. 

Harrison,  Harmon,  gent.,  2.    Sub. 

;  pd.  £25.     Came  to  Virginia  in 

1608.  I  take  this  to  be  tlie  Ensign 
Harrison  who  was  complained  of,  to- 
gether with  Captain  Martin,  before 
the  Eirst  Assembly,  July  30,  1619  ; 
massacred  by  tiie  Indians  iu  March, 
1022.  There  was  probably  some  rela- 
tionship between  Martin  and  the  Har- 
risons —  Brandon  finally  came  into 
the  possession  of  the  latter  family. 

Harrison,  James,  gent.,  3.     Sub. 

;  pd.  .     I  think  this  person 

was  the  son  of  Williain  Harrison,  of 
London,  merchant,  by  his  second  wife, 
Mary,  daughter  of  John  W^est,  grocer. 

Harrisou,  John,  merchant-tailor. 
Pd.  £1.  The  founder  of  the  grammar 
school  at  Great  C'rosl)y,  in  the  parish 
of  Shelton,  in  the  county  of  Lancaster, 
England,  in  1620. 

Harrison,  Mr.  (John),  the  Elder, 
stationer.  Pd.  £5.  Of  St.  Michael- 
ad-Bladum.  Master  of  the  Stationers' 
Company  in  1583  ;  married,  in  1586, 
Juliana  Barnes,  widow  of  Francis 
Barnes,  of  St.  Magnus,  London,  hab- 
erdasher, deceased.  "  June  25,  1594, 
Richard  Field  assigned  over  unto  Mr. 
Harrisou,  Sen^,  iu  open  covirt  holden 
this  day,  a  book  called  '  Venus  and 
Adonis.'" 

Harrison,  John,  gent.  Son  of  Wil- 
liam Harrison,  of  Aldcliife,  Com. 
Lane,  and  his  wife  Margaret,  daugh- 
ter of  Christopher  Gardiner,  of  Urs- 
wich.  Was  born  about  1589.  He 
married,  in  August,  1616,  Margaret, 
daughter  of  Robert  Fanshawe,  who 
was  brother  to  Thomas  Fanshawe,  the 
husband  of  Sir  Thomas  Smythe's  sis- 
ter Joane  (see  Smythe  pedigree).  At 
this  time  John  Harrison  was  "  of  St. 
Olive,  Hart  Street,  gent.,"  and  his 
bride  was  a  member  of  the  family  of 
Sir  John  Wolstenholme.  On  Febru- 
ary 13,  1621,  Sir  John  Wolstenholme 
transferred  to  Mr.  John  Harrisou  three 
shares  of  land  in  Virginia.  Possibly 
governor  of  the  Bermudas  early  in 
1623.  September  16,  1623,  he  'sent 
goods,  etc.,  to  his  brother  George 
Harrison  in  Virginia.  April  28,  1624, 
George  Menefie  wrote  to  him  from 
James  City  about  his  brother's  death. 
August  16,  1624,  he  gave  James  Car- 


914 


HARRISON  —  HARWOOD 


ter,  master  of  the  Anne,  a  power  of 
attorney  to  manage  the  estate  of  his 
deceased  brother  iu  Virginia. 

At  the  Visitation  of  Loudon,  1633, 
he  had  five  chiklreu  :  John,  William, 
Abraham,  Anne,  and  Margaret.  The 
eldest  son,  John,  was  then  married  to 
Jane,  daughter  of  Edinond  Chapman, 
of  Greenwich  in  Kent. 

He  was  one  of  his  majesty's  farmers 
of  the  custom-house.  In  December, 
1640,  he  was  a  member  of  the  House, 
and  advanced  £50,000  on  the  security 
of  the  coming  subsidies.  As  a  reward 
for  his  patriotism  he  was  knighted 
by  the  king  at  Whitehall,  January  4, 
164°. 

Iu  May,  1641,  "  Harrison  again 
came  to  the  aid  of  Parliament,  and 
offered  to  lend  £150,000  on  the  secur- 
ity of  the  customs.  At  once  the 
question  was  raised  whether  Parlia- 
ment had  it  in  its  power  to  give  any 
such  security.  The  Commons  were  in 
instant  fear  of  dissolution.  ...  It 
was  at  0UC3  proposed  that  a  Bill  should 
be  brought  in,  providing  that  the  exist- 
ing Parliament  should  not  be  dissolved 
without  its  own  consent.  The  proposal 
was  welcomed  with  singular  unanim- 
ity." ("  Gardiner's  History  of  Eng- 
land.) This  Avas  the  beginning  of  the 
Long  Parliament. 

He  owned  Aldcliffe  Hall,  Lancaster, 
and  was  M.  P.  for  Lancaster  in  both 
Parliaments  of  1640  ;  was  imprisoned 
by  order  of  the  Parliament  iu  1642, 
and  was  deprived  of  his  propertj'  ;  re- 
moved from  his  seat  in  Parliament,  as 
a  royalist,  in  September,  1643.  After 
the  Restoration  he  was  M.  P.  for  J^an- 
caster.  May  8,  1661,  to  his  death,  Sep- 
tember 28,  1669. 

His  daughter,  Anne  Harrison,  mar- 
ried Sir  Richard  Fanshawe  (nephew 
of  Sir  Thomas  Smythe),  the  diploma- 
tist and  author  (see  Sir  Henry  Fan- 
shawe). Lady  Anne  Fanshawe  be- 
came an  authoress,  and  her  memoirs 
are  well  known. 

Harrison,  Ralphe,  2.     Sub. ; 

pd.  £25.  One  of  this  name  went  to 
the  East  Indies  prior  to  1609.  Prob- 
ably the  same  person.  He  went  to 
Virginia,  and  died  at  Elizabeth  City, 
some  time  thereafter,  in  1623. 

Harrison,  "William.  A  leading 
merchant  of  London;  of  the  E.  I.  and 
N.  W.  P.  companies.     His  pedigree  is 


given  in  the  Visitation  of  London, 
1633-34  :  Harl.  Soc.  Pub.,  vol  i.  p.  355. 
His  second  wife  was  Mary,  daughter 
of  John  West,  grocer.  (See  Sir  Ed- 
ward Conway.)  He  was  for  a  long 
time  treasurer  of  the  E.  1.  Co.  ;  died 
in  1620. 

Hart,  Sir  Eustace,  3.     Sub. ; 

pd.  £25.  Of  All  Hallows-in-the-Wall, 
London  ;  mentioned  in  Chamberlain's 
letter  of  April  30,  1616,  and  in  the 
"Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Domestic, 
July  11,  1616  ; "  transferred  his  bill  of 
adventure  in  Va.  of  £25  to  Mr.  Thomas 
Gibbs,  May  6,  1618.  He  married, 
first,  Mary,  relict  of  Lord  Willoughby 
de  Eresby,  and,  secondly,  in  1628, 
Jane,  daughter  of  John  Evelyn,  Esq., 
of  Kingston,  in  Surrey  (widow  of  Sir 
Anthony  Benn,  recorder  of  London.) 
Sir  Eustace  Hart  died  September  18, 
1634,  and  was  buried  at  St.  Bennett's, 
Paul's  Wharf,  London. 

Hart,  Sir  John,  grocer.  Elected 
alderman  of  Farringdon  Without, 
June  18,  1575  ;  chosen  sheriff,  August 
15, 1579  ;  lord  mayor,  1589  ;  M.  P.  for 
London,  1592-97  ;  president  of  St. 
Bartholomew's  Hospital,  1593-1603  ; 
died  about  February,  1603,  and  was 
buried  in  the  Church  of  St.  Swithin, 
London  Stone,  the  living  of  which  was 
in  his  patronage.  He  married,  in  1586, 
Anne,  relict  of  Anthony  Cage,  of  Lon- 
don, Salter.  His  eldest  daughter,  Joan, 
married  Sir  George  BoUes.  His  sec- 
ond daughter,  Anne,  married  Alder- 
man Humphrey  Smith.  His  daughter 
Judith  married  Edward  Cage  (whom 
see). 

Hart,  Sir  Peroival.    Sub. ;  pd. 

£37  10s.  Of  LuUingstone  Castle,  Kent, 
son  of  Sir  George  Hart  ;  knighted 
June  1, 1601  ;  M.  P.  Lewes,  1601  ;  one 
of  the  heirs  of  the  patent  of  Sir  Jerome 
Bowes  (his  uncle)  for  the  sole  im- 
porting of  Venice  glass,  in  1616.  He 
married  three  wives  :  Anne,  daughter 
of  Sir  Roger  Manwood  ;  Jane,  daugh- 
ert  of  Edward  Stanhope,  Esq.,  and, 
April  28,  1623,  Mary  Harrison,  widow. 
HarTvell  —  Harewell  —  Horwell 
—  Howell,  Sir  Thomas,  2.  Sub. 
;  pd.  £37  10s.  Of  Worcester- 
shire ;  knighted  at  Whitehall,  July  23, 
1603. 

Harwood,    Captain    Ed-ward,   2 

Sub. ;  pd.  .     Son  of  William 

Harwood,    of    Thurlby,    County    Lin- 


HARWOOD  —  HAWKINS 


915 


coin  ;  was  knighted  before  December 
9,  1618,  when  the  Earl  of  Bedford  as- 
signed to  him  a  hill  of  adventure  in 
Va.  of  £.jO.  He  was  about  this 
time  added  to  His  Majesty's  Council 
for  the  Va.  Co.,  and  in  1610  was  one 
of  the  committee  for  oompiling  and  re- 
ducing the  standing  "  Rules  and  orders, 
for  the  Government  of  the  Virginia 
Company,  into  one  entire  Body  of 
Laws,  Form  of  Government,"  etc., 
which  have  been  reprinted  by  Force, 
vol.  iii.  No.  6.  He  was  a  captain  and 
afterwards  a  colonel  (as  early  as  1604) 
in  the  Low  Countries.  In  Novembei*, 
1626,  he  was  ordered  to  conduct  his  reg- 
iment to  assist  the  King  of  Denmark. 
He  was  an  incorporator  (December  4, 
1630)  of  the  Providence  Islands  or 
Bahamas  Company  ;  was  slain  at  the 
siege  of  Maastricht,  1632.  He  is 
one  of  Fuller's  Worthies  of  Lin- 
colnshire. "  The  Advice  of  that 
Worthy  Commander.  Sir  Ed  :  Har- 
wood,  Collonell.  Written  by  King 
Charles  his  Command  upon  occasion 
of  the  French  Kings  preparation,  and 
presented  (in  his  life  time)  by  his 
owne  hand,  to  his  Maiestie,"  etc.  ; 
was  printed  at  London  in  1042.  His 
brother,  George  Harwood,  of  London, 
was  treasurer  of  the  Massachusetts 
Company. 

Harwood,  Leonard,  mercer,  2. 
Sub.  ;  pd.  £37  10s. 

Haselden  (Hazleden),  "William, 
3.  Sub.  £37  10s.  ;  pd.  £12  10s.  Of 
N.  W.  P.  and  E.  I.  companies. 

Hasilrige  (Hazlerigg),  Francis, 
gent.,  2.     Sub. ;  pd.  £12  10s. 

Hastings,  Henry,  Earl  of  Hunting- 
don,  3.     Sub. ;   pd.  £120.     Son 

of  Francis  Hastings,  by  his  wife  Sarah, 
daughter  to  Sir  James  Harrington  ;  at 
the  death  (in  1605)  of  his  grandfather, 
George,  fourth  Earl  of  Huntingdon, 
he  succeeded  as  fifth  earl  ;  was  lord 
lieutenant  of  the  counties  of  Leicester 
and  Rutland,  steward  of  the  Duchy 
of  Lancaster,  and,  in  May,  1616,  one 
of  the  peers  for  the  trial  of  the  Earl 
and  Countess  of  Somerset.  He  was  a 
noted  patron  of  the  stricter  class  of 
divines  ;  was  one  of  the  first  that  rose 
for  King  Charles  in  Leicestershire. 
He  died  November  14,  1643,  and  was 
buried  at  Asbby  de  la  Zouch. 

Hatton,  Sir  Christopher.  Born 
at  Holdenby,   1540  ;  made   a   gentle- 


man pensioner  to  the  queen.  June  30, 
1554  ;  admitted  to  the  Inner  Temple, 
May,  1560  ;  introduced  at  court  before 
June,  1.j64  ;  one  of  the  representatives 
of  Elizabeth  at  tlie  baptism  of  James 
VI.  of  Scotland,  December,  1566  ; 
M.  P.  in  1571  and  1572  ;  captain  of 
the  queen's  guard,  1572  ;  vice-cham- 
berlain and  member  of  the  Privy 
Council,  November,  1577  ;  knighted 
December  1,  1577  ;  patron  of  Drake 
in  his  voyage  round  the  world  in  the 
Golden  Hind,  1577-80  (Hatton's  crest 
was  a  golden  hind)  ;  interested  in  Fen- 
ton's  voyage,  1582-83  ;  on  the  com- 
mittee for  confirming  Ralegh's  patent 
in  December,  1584.  He  was  the 
patron  of  several  of  the  writers  on 
naval  affairs,  discoveries,  etc.  ;  was  on 
the  commission  for  the  trial  of  Mary 
Queen  of  Scots,  in  October,  1586 ; 
made  lord  high  chancellor  in  April, 
1587  ;  created  Knight  of  the  Garter, 
St.  George's  Day,  1588  ;  Chancellor  of 
the  Lniversity  of  Oxford,  September 
20, 1588  ;  died  at  Ely  Place,  November 
20, 1591,  and  was  buried  in  St.  Paul's. 
He  died  a  bachelor,  but  had  adopted 
the  son  of  his  sister  Dorothy,'  by  her 
husband,  John  Newport,  Esq.,  of  the 
same  family,  possibly,  as  Capt.  Clu-is- 
topher  Newport. 


Haukinson,  George,  2.   Sub. ; 

pd.  £12  10s. 

Hawes,     Humfrey,     clothAvorker. 

Sub. ;  pd.  £12  10s.     Of  the  E.  I. 

Co.  ;  second  son  of  Lawrence  Hawes, 
of  London,  by  his  wife  Ursula,  daugh- 
ter of  John  Herrick,  of  Leicester,  and 
sister  to  Sir  William  Herrick. 

Hawkins,  Charles,  2.  Sub.  £37 
10s.  ;  pd.  £62  10s.  Of  the  E.  I.  Co.  ; 
son  of  Capt.  William  Hawkins  the 
younger,  and  nephew  of  the  famous 
Sir  John  Hawkins. 

HavT^kins,  Sir  John.  Grandson  of 
John  Hawkins,  Es(j.,  of  Tavistock, 
Devon,  whicli  John  married  Joan, 
daughter  of  William  Amydas,  Esq.,  of 


916 


HAWKINS 


Launceston,  Cornwall,  by  whom  he 
was  the  father  of  "Capt.  William 
Hawkius,  the  elder,  of  Plymouth,  who 
for  his  '  skill  in  Sea-causes  '  was  much 
esteemed  by  Heury  VIII.,  and  was  the 
first  Euglishuian  who  sailed  a  ship  into 
the  Southern  Seas."  He  made  several 
voj'ages  to  the  coast  of  Africa,  and 
thence  to  Brazil  in  1530,  and  after. 
He  married  Joan,  daughter  of  William 
Trelawney,  Esq.,  of  Cornwall,  and 
granddaughter  of  Sir  John  Trelawney, 
a  descendant  of  Edwin,  who  held  the 
lordship  of  Trelawney  in  the  time  of 
Edward  the  Confessor  ;  by  her  he  had 
two  sons,  William  (of  whom  hereafter) 
and  John  (of  whom  I  write),  who  was 
born  about  1532  ;  in  his  youth  studied 
the  mathematics  ;  entered  the  naval 
service  about  1551,  and  went  divers 
voyages  into  Spain,  Portugal,  and  the 
Islands  ;  admitted  a  freeman  of  Plym- 
outh, 155.5-56  ;  invented  the  chain- 
pump  for  ships,  1558-59  ;  on  his  first 
voyage  to  the  West  Indies,  from  Octo- 
ber, 15G2,  to  September,  1563  ;  on  his 
second  voyage  there,  from  the  fall  of 
1564,  to  September,  1565  ;  moved  to 
London,  to  the  Parish  of  St.  Dunstan's 
in  the  East,  about  1565,  where  he  con- 
tinued to  dwell  at  least  thirty  years 
(156,5-1595)  ;  on  his  third  voyage  to 
the  West  Indies,  October,  1567,  to  Jan- 
uary, 1569.  In  March,  1569,  La  Mothe 
wrote  from  London  :  "  John  Hawkins 
has  undertaken  to  revenge  the  injury 
which  the  Spaniards  did  him  at  Mex- 
ico, and  intends,  next  July,  laying  in 
wait  at  the  Azores,  with  a  good  naval 
force  for  the  arrival  of  the  Spanish 
fleet  from  the  West  Indies."  M.  P. 
for  Plymouth,  1571 ;  pretended  to  be  a 
traitor  ;  deceived  the  Queen  of  Scots 
and  Philip  ;  was  made  a  grandee  of 
Spain  in  September,  1571,  receiving  a 
large  sum  of  money,  etc.  In  the  sum- 
mer of  1572  with  20  ships,  equipped 
with  Philip's  money,  he  sailed  for  the 
Azores  to  lie  in  wait  for  Philip's  Mex- 
ican fleet.  M.  P.  for  Plymouth, 
1572-83  ;  appointed  treasurer  of  the 
navy  to  succeed  his  father-in-law,  Ben 
Gonson,  deceased,  in  1573  ;  was  inter- 
ested in  Drake's  voyage,  1577-80.  He 
proposed  to  destroy  the  Spanish  fishing 
fleet  at  Newfoundland  in  April,  1585. 
He  was  "  tlie  man  to  wliom  is  due  all 
the  credit  of  preparing  the  royal  fleet 
to  meet  the  Armada."    Served  against 


the  Armada,  and  was  knighted  on  the 
high  seas  July  26,  1588.  In  1590  he 
was  sent  with  Frobisher  to  intercept 
the  Plate  fleet,  and  harass  the  trade  of 
Spain.  Founded  and  endowed  St. 
John's  Hospital  at  Chatham  for  de- 
cayed mariners  and  shipwrights  of  the 
royal  navy,  by  letters  patent,  dated 
August  27,  1594.  On  August  27, 
1595,  he  sail  on  his  last  and  fatal  voy- 
age to  the  West  Indies  :  died  at  sea, 
November  12, 1595,  "  neere  the  Easter- 
most  end  of  Saint  Juan  de  Puerto 
Rico,"  and  "  being  coffined  he  was  cast 
into  the  sea."  His  widow  had  a  fair 
monument  erected  to  his  memory  on 
the  north  side  of  the  chancel  of  St. 
Dunstan's  in  the  East,  London.  "  He 
was  the  first  true  friend  of  the  British 
sailor;  and  not  only  the  ablest  captain, 
but  the  best  shipwright  of  his  time." 
He  was  twice  married;  first  to  "  Dame 
Katharine  "  (the  Gonson  pedigree  says 
Avice),  and  secondly  to  "  Dame  Mar- 
garet ; "  one  of  these,  probably  the 
first,  was  a  daughter  of  Ben  Gonson, 
and  she,  Burke  says,  was  the  mother 
of  Richard  Hawkins,  who  was  after- 
wards interested  in  the  Virginia  enter- 
prises. 

Sir  John  Hawkins  was  63  years  old 
when  he  died,  in  1595.  (See  London 
"  Notes  and  Queries,"  §  6,  xi.  p.  388.) 

Ha-wkins,   John,    2.      Sub. ; 

pd.  £25.  Of  the  E.  I.  and  N.  W.  P. 
companies  ;  son  of  Capt.  William 
Hawkins,  the  younger. 

Ha'wkins,  Sir  Richard.  The  son 
of  the  celebrated  Sir  John  Hawkins 
(whom  see).  I  do  not  know  the  date 
of  his  birth  ;  but  he  was  "  of  ten- 
der yeares  "  in  September,  1570.  "  In 
a  voyage,  under  tlie  charge  of  his 
uncle,  William  Hawkins,  of  Plimouth, 
esquire,  in  the  West  Indies  at  Porto 
Rico  in  1582  ;"  again  in  the  West 
Indies  at  the  island  of  Margarita, 
in  1583.  In  command  of  the  Duck 
in  the  celebrated  Drake-Sidney  expe- 
dition to  our  coast,  September,  1585, 
to  July,  1586.  In  1588  he  commanded 
the  Swallow  iu  the  attack  on  the 
Spanish  Armada,  in  which  action  he 
greatly  distinguished  himself.  Hav- 
ing determined  on  a  voyage  to  Japan 
and  the  East  Indies  "  iu  the  end  of 
anno  1588,"  he  ordered  a  ship  to  be 
built  for  that  purpose  ;  in  the  mean- 
time we   find  him  in  command  of  the 


HAWKINS 


917 


Nonpareil,  near  the  Azores,  on  the 
lookout  for  Spanish  ships.  In  1593, 
his  ship  for  the  East  Indian  voyage, 
being  finished,  was  named  by  the 
Lady  Hawkins  the  Repentance  ;  but 
Queen  Elizabeth,  passing  by  the  vessel, 
commanded  her  bargemen  to  row 
round  about  lier,  and  viewing  her  from 
post  to  stem,  disliking  nothing  but 
her  name,  said  that  she  would  christen 
her  anew,  and  that  henceforth  she 
should  be  called  the  Daintie  ;  in 
which  vessel  he  sailed  soon  after, 
passing  through  the  Straits  of  Magel- 
lan early  in  1591  ;  on  the  2'Jd  of  June, 
1594,  off  Cape  San  Francisco,  Equador, 
he  was  forced  to  surrender  to  an  over- 
whehning  tieet  of  Spain.  In  1595-96 
a  prisoner  in  Lima,  Peru  ;  in  1597 
"brought  out  of  the  Indies  (America) 
in  a  galeon,  which  was  chased  into 
the  rode  of  Tercera,"  by  the  English 
fleet  under  the  command  of  Essex. 
He  was  for  some  time  a  prisoner  in 
"  the  Terceras  "  (the  Azores  Islands), 
and  then  in  Seville  and  in  Madrid  ; 
sent  back  to  England  in  the  beginning 
of  the  reign  of  James  I.,  by  whom  he 
was  knighted  July  23,  1603  ;  M.  P. 
for  Plymouth,  1604-11,  and  vice-ad- 
miral of  Devon  in  1605,  etc.  ;  M.  C. 
for  Va.,  March  9,  1607.  In  1614  the 
E.  I.  Co.  proposed  a  voyage  to  the 
Straits  of  Magellan,  and  Sir  Richard 
was  "  generally  held  to  be  of  Courage, 
Art,  and  Knowledge  to  attempt  such 
an  enterprise  ; "  but  it  seems  the  idea 
was  abandoned. 

"  In  1615  he  undertook,  by  authority 
from  the  council  of  the  second  colony 
of  Virginia,  to  try  what  service  he 
could  do  them  as  president  for  that 
year.  Having  received  his  commis- 
sion and  instructions,  he  departed  in 
October,  and  spent  the  time  of  his  be- 
ing in  those  parts  (New  England)  in 
searching  the  country,  and  finding  out 
the  commodities  thereof.  From  thence 
he  passed  along  the  coast  to  Virginia, 
and  staid  there  some  time."  From  Vir- 
ginia he  went  to  Spain  to  make  sale  of 
his  fish. 

In  October,  1616,  "seven  English 
ships,  which  this  year  fished  at  New- 
foundland, and  from  thence  directing 
there  course  for  Italy,  were  within 
the  straits,  assailed  and  taken  by  30 
Turkish  men  of  war,"  and  Lord  Carew, 
writing  to  Sir  Thomas  Roe  on  the  18th 


of  January,  1617.  says,  "  It  is  thought 
that  Sir  Richard  Hawkins  of  Plimouth 
was  in  one  of  these  English  ships,  for 
he  is  not  retourned  from  the  fishing 
upon  the  Northern  English  Colony 
(which  Sir  John  Popham  projected), 
and  he  intended  to  make  sale  of  his 
fishe  in  Italye.  '  He  returned  from 
Virginia  before  September,  1617,  at 
which  date  he  petitioned  to  command 
the  fleet  of  the  E.  I.  Co.,  but  tlie 
choice  finally  fell  on  Sir  Thomas  Dale; 
member  African  Company,  November 
16,  1618  ;  appointed  deputy  of  Sir 
Robert  Mansell,  vice  -  admiral,  for 
suppression  of  piracy  in  the  Levant, 
October  3,  1620.  "  He  was  a  Vice- 
Admiral  of  tlie  fleet  which  sailed  from 
Plimmouth  the  twelfth  of  October  iu 
tlie  morning  in  the  yeare  1620,"  to 
"  attack  and  destroy  the  pirates  in  the 
Mediterranean  Sea." 

Ill  the  patent  of  November  3,  1620, 
he  was  appointed  a  member  of  "  the 
first  moderne  and  present  Councill 
established  at  Plymouth,  in  the  county 
of  Devon,  for  the  planting,  ruling, 
ordering,  and  governing  of  New  Eng- 
land in  America." 

He  returned  from  the  expedition 
against  the  Levant  pirates  in  1621-22. 

Prince  says,  "  After  many  high- 
spirited  actions,  which  had  they  been 
recorded  (as  pity  it  is  they  were  not) 
would  have  made  a  large  volume  of 
themselves,  he  died  suddenly  in  1622, 
being  seized  with  apoplexy  while  at 
the  Privy  Council." 

There  was  some  trouble  growing  out 
of  the  fact  that  the  fleet  against  the 
pirates  had  been  insufliciently  provided 
with  provisions,  and  the  men  badly 
paid.  April  27,  1622,  Chamberlain 
wrote  to  Carleton  :  "  Sir  Robert  Man- 
sell  and  the  rest  of  the  crew  are  noth- 
ing well  paid  neither  ;  insomuch  that 
Sir  Richard  Hawkins,  the  vice-admiral, 
finding  his  reckoning  come  short  of 
what  he  expected,  of  mere  grief  and 
discontent,  sunk  down  before  the  lords, 
and  died  ths  next  day." 

"  The  observations  of  Sir  Richard 
Hawkins,  knight,  in  his  voyage  into 
the  South  Sea,  Anno  Domini  1593," 
dedicated  to  Charles,  Prince  of  Wales, 
were  printed  in  London  in  1622. 

His  widow,  the  Lady  Judith,  sur- 
vived him  seven  years.  They  were 
ancestors  of  Sii*  John  Hawkins  (1719- 


918 


HAWKINS  —  HAYWARD 


1789),  the  author  of  "  The  Science 
and  Practice  of  Music." 

Ha-wkins,  Captain  'Williain,  the 
Younger.  Eldest  son  of  Capt.  Wil- 
liam, the  elder,  and  brother  of  Sir  John 
Hawkins.  "  He  was  the  most  influ- 
ential resident  of  Elizabethan  Plym- 
outh ;  a  merchant  and  a  sailor  ;  the 
holder  of  a  commission  under  the 
Prince  of  Condd  ;  represented  Plym- 
outh in  Parliament  ;  mayor  of  Plym- 
outh in  the  eventful  Armada  year, 
1588,  and  was  active  in  fitting  out  ves- 
sels for  the  fight."  He  died  October 
7,  1589,  and  was  buried  in  the  Church 
of  St.  Nicholas  at  Deptford.  "A 
faithful  believer  in  the  true  religion  ; 
a  great  benefactor  of  poor  mariners  ; 
a  most  learned  man  in  naval  affairs, 
he  frequently  made  long  voyages.  He 
married  two  wives  ;  by  one  of  them 
he  had  4,  by  the  other  7,  children." 
I  have  mentioned  two  of  his  sons 
(Charles  and  John).  Another  son, 
Capt.  William  Hawkins,  the  third,  was 
the  founder  of  the  first  trading-house 
at  Surat  for  the  E.  I.  Co.  He  was  in 
the  East  Indies  from  1607  to  1614, 
and  died  on  his  return  in  the  latter 
year. 

Hawley.     See  Harley. 

Hay,  James  Lord,  3.     Sub. ; 

pd.    .       "  A  gentleman  of    small 

means,  but  of  great  ability  and  many 
personal  recommendations,  whose 
greatest  fault,  so  far  as  I  have  been 
able  to  find  out,  was  being  a  Scotch- 
man." He  was  made  a  Knight  of  the 
Bath,  June  4,  1610.  Having  failed  to 
pay  his  dues  to  the  company,  it  seems, 
he  probably  forfeited  his  membersliip 
under  the  3d  charter  ;  but  he  was 
again  admitted  into  the  company  on 
December  2,  1618,  and  was  some  time 
after  added  to  the  King's  Council  for 
that  company.  He  had  been  created 
Baron  Hay  of  Sanley,  County  York, 
June  '29,  1615,  sworn  of  the  Privy 
Council,  March,  1617,  and  created 
Viscount  Doiicaster,  July  5,  1618,  and 
Earl  of  Carlisle,  September  13,  1622  ; 
was  of  the  Sandj's  party  in  the  Va. 
Co.  in  1623-24  ;  chosen  a  Knight  of 
the  Carter  in  1624  ;  a  councilor  for 
New  England  ;  governor  of  the  Carib- 
beo  Islands,  etc.  He  died  April  2.5, 
1636.  His  first  wife  was  Honora, 
heiress  of  Edward  Lord  Denny  ;  his 
second  (whom    he    married    in   1  j17) 


was  the  Lady  Lucy  Percy,  youngest 
daughter  of  Henry,  Earl  of  Northum- 
berland, and  niece  of  Capt.  George 
Percy,  some  time  governor  of  Vir- 
ginia. 


Haydon  —  Heydon,      Jerome, 

ironmonger,  2.  Sub.  £37  10s.  ;  pd. 
£75.  Of  St.  Mary  Colechurch,  Lon- 
don ;  an  alderman  of  London  ;  master 
of  the  Ironmongers  in  1611,  and  a 
benefactor  of  that  company  ;  mar- 
ried, in  1599,  Agnes,  relict  of  William 
Wennington,  gent.  ;  died  before  1632. 
I  suppose  he  was  the  father  of  Sir 
John  Heydon,  some  time  governor  of 
the  Bermudas,  as  Sir  John  inherited 
Jerome's  property  in  that  island.  Je- 
rome's widow  married  Francis  Mor- 
rice,  clerk  of  his  majesty's  ordinance. 

Henry  Hexham,  who  translated  the 
Atlas  of  Gerard  Mercator  and  Judocus 
Hondius  into  English  in  1636,  was  a 
nephew  of  this  Jerome  Heydon. 

Hayes,  Captain  Edward.  He 
had  written  of  his  travels  prior  to 
1583  ;  was  on  Gilbert's  voyage  to  our 
northern  coast  in  1583,  and  wrote  an 
account  of  the  voyage.  "  A  Treatise 
of  M.  Edward  Hayes  conteining  im- 
portant inducements  for  the  planting 
of  those  parts  and  finding  a  passage 
that  way  to  the  South  Sea  and  China  " 
is  annexed  to  the  second  edition  of 
Brereton,  1602.  "  September  16, 1603, 
grant  to  Captain  Edw.  Hayes  of  pen- 
sion of  £100  per  annum  for  life." 

Hayward  (see  Hai^ward),  Sir 
RoAwland,  cloth  worker.  Elected  al- 
derman of  Farringdon  Without,  Sep- 
tember 19,  1560  ;  chosen  sheriff,  Au- 
gust 1,  1563.  He  was  president  of 
St.  Bartholomew's  Hospital  from  1572 
to  his  death  ;  lord  mayor,  1570-71, 
and  again  in  1591.  Died  December  5, 
1593,  and  was  buried  in  St.  Alj)hage's 
Church,  London  Wall,  wliere  the  mon- 
ument to  his  memory,  with  the  effigies 
of  his  two  wives  and  sixteen  children, 
is   still  preserved.     By   his  first  wife, 


HAYWARD  —  HERBERT 


919 


Joan,  daughter  of  Williaiu  Tilles- 
worth,  he  was  father  of  Joan  Hay- 
ward,  who  married  ISir  .John  T'.iynne, 
of  Longleat  (ancestor  of  the  Marquis 
of  Bath).  Sir  Rowland  married,  sec- 
ondly, in  December,  1580,  Catherine, 
daughter  of  Thomas  Smythe  (see 
Smythe  pedigree),  by  whom  :  1.  Sir 
George  Haiward  ;  2.  Sir  John  Hai- 
ward  ;  3.  Alice  Haiward  ;  4.  Cath- 
erine, who  married,  first,  Richard  Scott 
(see  pedigree),  secondly,  Sir  Richard 
Sondes,  of  Throwley,  Kent,  son  of  Sir 
Michael  Sondes  ;  5.  Mary  Hayward, 
married  Sir  Warham  St.  Leger  ;  0. 
Anne  Iiayward,  married  Edward,  eld- 
est son  of  Sir  William  Craford.  Mrs. 
Catherine  Sray the- Hayward  married, 
secondly,  in  1599,  Sir  John  Scott. 

Heale  (Hele),  Sir  Warwick,  2. 
Sub.  £37  10s.  ;  pd.  £G2  10s.  Eldest 
son  of  Sir  John  Hele,  tlie  celebrated 
Serjeant  at  law.  M.  P.  for  Plymouth, 
1597-98  ;  knighted  at  Greenwich,  May 
22,  1603  ;  M.  P.  for  Plympton,  1614  ; 
member  of  the  African  Company  of 
1618  ;  high  sheriff  of  Devon,  1619  ; 
member  of  the  New  England  Council 
in  1620  ;  M.  P.  for  Plymouth,  1621- 
22  and  in  1625.  He  married,  first, 
Mary,  eldest  daughter  of  .lohn  Halse, 
Esq.,  of  Kenidon,  in  Devon,  and  relict 
of  William  Hawkins,  Esq.,  of  Plym- 
outh (a  descendant  and  heir  of  the 
great  admiral)  ;  and,  secondly,  Mar- 
garet, daughter  of  Sir  William  Court- 
enay,  knight,  of  Powderham  Castle,  but 
died  without  issue  in  January,  16:^6. 

Heath,  Robert.  Born  in  1575  ; 
called  to  the  bar,  1603  ;  recorder  of 
London,  November  10,  1618,  to  Janu- 
ary 22,  1621  ;  member  of  His  Maj- 
esty's Council  for  the  Va.  Co.  of 
London  ;  patented  lands  in  Virginia, 
1619-20  ;  member  of  His  Majesty's 
Council  for  N.  E.,  November  3,  1620  ; 
solicitor-general,  January' 22,  1621,  to 
October  31,  1625;  knighted  at  W^hite- 
hall,  January  28, 1621;  M.  P.  for  Lon- 
don, 1621-22;  as  solicitor-general  took 
part  in  colonial  affairs  ;  on  Va.  Com- 
mission, July  15, 1624  ;  M.  P.  for  East 
Grimstead  in  1624-25  and  1625;  attor- 
ney-general, October  31, 1625,  to  Octo- 
tober,  1631  ;  received  a  grant  of  land 
between  31  and  36  degrees  of  north 
latitude  in  America,  called  Carolana, 
in  October,  1629  ;  proposed  to  send 
Huguenots  and  others  there  ;   created 


Serjeant,  October  24,  1631  ;  chief  jus- 
tice of  the  Common  Pleas,  October  26, 
1631,  to  September  14,  1634  ;  on  spe- 
cial commission  for  better  plantation  of 
Virginia,  .June  27,  1631  ;  king's  Ser- 
jeant, October  12, 1636;  justice  of  the 
King's  Bench,  .January  23,  1641,  to 
October  31,  1«)43 ;  master  of  the  Court 
of  Wards  and  Liveries,  May  13,  1641 ; 
chief  justice,  October  31,  1643,  till 
impeached  by  Parliament,  July  24, 
1644  ;  lied  to  France,  1646  ;  died  at 
Calais,  August  30,  1649. 

Heiborue  (Hepburne,  etc.),  Fer- 
diuaiido,  esquire,  3.  Sub.  £37  10s.  ; 
pd.  £37  10s.  Gentleman  of  the  privy 
chamber  to  Queen  Elizabeth  and  King 
.James.  He  married,  first,  Anne  Can- 
dler, great-granddaughter  of  Sir  Wil- 
liam Lock  who  died  in  1550  ;  was 
knighted  December  20,  1611.  Anne 
(Candler)  Heyborne  was  buried  at 
Tottenham,  .July  11,  1615.  Sir  Fer- 
dinando  married,  secondly,  on  April  4, 
1616,  Elizabeth,  daughter  of  Francis 
More,  Esq.,  of  Sussex.  Sir  Ferdi- 
nando  was  buried  at  Tottenham,  July 
2,  1618. 

Heightley,  Peter.     Pd.  £25. 

Henry,  Prince  of  Wales. —  Henry 
Stuart. 

Henshaw,  Thomas,  merchant - 
tailor,  2.  Sub.  £37  10s.  ;  pd.  £75. 
"  Silkman  and  servant  to  Is[^ing  .James 
I.  ;"  an  incorporator  of  the  E.  I.  Co. 
He  died  .January  11,  1612,  aged  76 
years,  and  "  bis  body  lyeth  under  a  fair 
stone  at  the  entrance  into  tlie  Quire  of 
St.  Mary  Magdalen  Church,  Cripple- 
gate  ward,  Jjondon."  "  He  had  to  wife 
Flower  (ilonldesborough,  and  had  issue 
by  her  :  9  sons  and  4  daughters." 

Herbert,  Edward,  esquire.  Sub. 
;  pd. .  Son  of  Charles  Her- 
bert by  his  wife  .Jane,  daughter  of 
Hugh  ap  Owen.  He  was  a  la\vj'er  of 
the  Inner  Temple  ;  an  active  member 
of  the  Va.  Co.  during  1619-24  ;  a  first 
cousin  to  George  Herbert  the  poet. 
Lord  Bacon,  in  his  will,  desired  Sir 
John  Constable  to  consult  Mr.  Solden 
and  Mr.  Herbert,  of  the  Inner  Tem- 
ple, about  the  publication  of  his  liter- 
ary remains.  Appointed  queen's  attor- 
ney-general, 1635  ;  solicitor-general, 
1640  ;  knighted  January  28,'  164 J  ; 
attorney-general,  .Jamiary  29,  164 J  ; 
entered  an  accusation  against  the  five 
members,  January  3  ;   impeached  by 


920 


HERBERT 


the  Commons,  February  14  or  March  8, 
164 1  ;  sentenced  to  imprisonment, 
April  23,  1623  ;  Charles  II.'s  lord 
keeper  of  the  Great  Seal,  1653  ;  died 
in  Paris,  1657.  He  married  Margaret, 
daughter  of  Sir  Thomas  Smith,  clerk 
of  the  Privy  Council  (widow  of  the 
Hon.  Thomas  Carey),  and  their  son, 
Arthur  Herbert,  was  created  Earl  of 
Torrington. 

Herbert,   Philip,   Earl    of    Mont- 
gomery,   2.      Sub.  ;    pd.     £160. 

Second  son  of  Henry  Herbert,  second 
Earl  of  Pembroke,  by  his  third  wife, 
Mary,  daughter  of  Sir  Henry  Sydney; 
was  born  about  1582  ;  "  being  a  young 
man  scarce  of  age  at  the  entrance  of 
King  James,  had  the  good  fortune,  by 
comeliness  of  his  person,  his  skill  and 
indefatigable  industry  in  hunting,  to 
be  the  first  who  drew  the  king's  eyes 
towards  him  with  affection,  which  was 
quickly  so  far  improved,  that  he  had 
the  reputation  of  a  favorite."  He  was 
made  a  Knight  of  the  Bath  at  the  cor- 
onation of  King  James,  July  25,  1603. 
On  the  4th  of  January,  1605,  he  mar- 
ried Lady  Susan  Vere,  daughter  of 
the  Earl  of  Oxford,  and  the  letter 
writers  of  the  time  gave  the  most 
glowing  accounts  of  the  ceremonies, 
etc.  "  The  bride  and  groom  were 
lodged  that  night  in  the  council  cham- 
ber, wliere  the  king,  the  next  morning, 
in  liis  shirt  and  night-gown,  gave  them 
a  reveille  matin  before  they  were  up." 
He  was  created  Baron  Herbert  of 
Shurland,  isle  of  Sheppey,  County 
Kent,  and  Earl  of  Montgomery,  May 
4,  1605  ;  Knight  of  the  most  noble 
order  of  the  Garter,  May  18,  1608  ; 
M.  C.  for  Va.  Co.,  1612  ;  an  incorpo- 
rator of  the  N.  AV.  P.  Co.,  July  26, 
1612  ;  a  member  of  the  E.  I.  Co.  in 
1614.  The  Folio  Shakespeare  of  1623 
was  dedicated  to  him  and  his  brother, 
the  Earl  of  Pembroke.  An  incorpo- 
rator of  the  Guiana  (South  America) 
Company,  May  19,  1627.  In  1628  the 
king  granted  him  certain  islands  in 
the  West  Indies  lying  between  8°  and 
13°  of  north  latitude,  called  "  Trini- 
dado,  Tabago,  Barbudos  [Barbiula], 
Fonseca,"  etc.,  and  in  1629  he  had  a 
hot  disput'3  with  the  Earl  of  Carlisle, 
cl.aiming  the  Barbadoes,  which  had 
been  previously  granted  to  Carlisle,  as 
being  tlic  Barbuda  wiilch  was  granted 
to  him. 


His  brother  William,  Earl  of  Pem- 
broke, dying  April  10,  1630,  without 
issue,  he  succeeded  him  as  heir  and 
earl.  "To  his  second  wife,"  he  mar- 
ried, June  3,  1630,  the  celebrated 
Anne  Clifford,  sole  daughter  and  heir 
to  George  Clifford,  Earl  of  Cumber- 
land, and  widow  of  Richard  Sackville, 
Earl  of  Dorset.  "  His  conduct  to  her 
became  intolerable  some  time  after 
their  marriage.  She  separated  herself 
from  him,  and  survived  him  for  many 
years."  She  was  born  January  30, 
15|9,  and  died  March  22,  1671,  in  her 
87th  year. 

He  was  interested  in  Newfoundland 
in  1639.  He  took  sides  with  the  Par- 
liament against  the  crown  ;  was  sent 
by  Parliament  to  remonstrate  with 
Charles  I.  at  New  Market,  March  9, 

1642  ;  one  of  the  Parliament  commis- 
sioners for  plantations,   November  2, 

1643  ;  joint  commissioner  to  present 
propositions  of  Parliament  to  Charles 
I.  at  New  Castle  in  July,  1646  ;  as 
joint  commissioner  of  Parliament  re- 
ceived the  king  from  the  Scots  at  New 
Castle,  January  30,  1647  ;  from  his 
apartment,  saw  King  Charles  walk 
from  St.  James  to  the  scaffold. 

In  the  service  of  the  Commons  he 
had  divested  himself  of  every  dignity 
of  a  nobleman,  and  in  April,  1649,  sat 
in  the  House  of  Commons  as  the  rep- 
resentative of  Berks.  He  was  one  of 
a  committee  to  examine  the  business 
of  the  Bermudas  Islands,  December 
18,  1649.  He  died  January  23,  1650. 
The  cavaliers  hated  him,  and  among 
their  many  lampoons  was  the  follow- 
ing :  "  The  last  Will  and  Testament 
of  Philip  Herbert,  Burgesse  for  Bark- 
shire,  vulgarly  called  Earl  of  Pem- 
broke and  Montgomery,  who  dyed  of 
Foole-age,  Jan.  28,  1650.  With  his 
Life  and  Death,  and  severall  Legacies 
to  the  Parliament  and  Councill  of 
State.  Also  his  Elegy,  taken  ver- 
batim, in  Time  of  his  Sicknesse,  and 
published  to  prevent  false  copies  by 
Michael  Oldisworth.  Nodnol,  1650." 
It  is  said  to  have  been  written  by 
Samuel  Butler.  The  will  begins  : 
"  I,  Philip,  late  Earle  of  Pembroke 
and  Montgomery,  now  Kniglit  for  the 
County  of  Berks,  being,  as  I  am  told, 
very  weak  in  body,  but  of  perfect 
memory  (for  I  remember  this  time 
live  years  I  gave  the  casting  voyce  to 


ROBERT  SPENCER 
First  Baron   Spenrcr 


HERBERT 


921 


dispatch  old  Canterbury ;  and  this 
time  two  yeares  I  voted  no  addreasc 
to  my  master  ;  and  this  time  twelve- 
month saw  him  brought  to  the  block) 
yet,  because  death  doth  threaten  and 
stare  upon  me,  who  have  still  obeyed 
all  those  that  threatened  me,  I  now 
make  my  last  Will  and  Testament. 

"Imprimis,  for  my  soule  :  I  con- 
fesse  I  have  heard  very  much  of  souls, 
but  what  they  are,  or  whom  they  are 
for,  God  knowes  I  know  not.  They 
tell  me  now  of  another  world,  where 
I  never  was,  nor  doe  I  know  one  foot 
of  the  way  thither.  While  the  King 
stood  I  was  of  his  religion,  made  my 
Sonne  weare  a  cassock  and  thought  to 
make  him  a  Bishop  :  then  came  the 
Scots,  and  made  me  a  presbiterian;  and 
since  Cromwell  enter'd  1  have  been 
an  independent.  These  I  believe  are 
the  kingdoms'  three  Estates,  and  if 
any  of  these  can  save  a  soule,  I  may 
claime  one.  Therefore  if  my  Execu- 
tors doe  find  I  have  a  soule  I  give  it 
him  that  gave  it  me,"  etc. 

Herbert,  William,  2.     Sub. ; 

pd.  £400.  Third  Earl  of  Pembroke; 
eldest  son  of  Henry,  second  Earl  of 
Pembroke,  by  his  wife,  Mary  Sidney, 
"Sidney's  sister,  Pembroke's  mother." 
Was  born  at  Wilton,  Wiltshire,  Febru- 
ary 8,  1580;  educated  at  New  College, 
Oxford,  1593-95.  (Was  he  not  the 
"  Lord  Herbert  "  who  was  knighted  by 
Essex  at  Cadiz  in  September,  1.596  ?) 
He  was  at  home  in  1597-98  ;  in  Lon- 
don about  the  court,  1599-lGOO  ;  suc- 
ceeded to  his  father's  honors  and  es- 
tate, January  19,  1601.  In  1603  he 
was  much  interested  in  securing  the 
pardon  of  Sir  Walter  Ralegh.  His 
mother  wrote  to  him,  "conjuring  him, 
as  he  valued  her  blessing,  to  employ  his 
own  credit,  and  that  of  his  friends,  to 
insure  Sir  Walter's  pardon."  January 
18,  1604,  he  was  made  steward  of  the 
Duchy  of  Cornwall,  and  warden  of  the 
Stanneries  in  Devon  and  Cornwall,  and 
the  same  day  an  incorporator  of  "  the 
Society  of  London  for  Mineral  and 
Battery  Works."  May  8,  1604,  made 
a  Knight  of  the  Garter,  and  May  14, 
1604,  lieutenant  of  Cornwall.  M.  C. 
for  Va.  Co.,  May  23,  1609.  October 
16,  1609,  made  keeper  and  captain,  of 
the  tower  and  isle  of  Portsmouth, 
constable  of  Porchester  Castle,  and 
lieutenant  of  Southbcar  Forest  for  life. 


An  incorporator  of  the  N.  W.  P.  Co., 
July  26,  161:i.  The  Rappahannock 
River  in  Virginia  was  at  one  time 
called  Pembroke  River,  being  so  named 
for  him.  He  was  interested  in  the  E. 
I.  Co.  prior  to  1614.  An  incorporator 
of  the  B.  I.  Co.,  June  29,  1615,  and 
one  of  the  divisious  of  the  islaiul  was 
afterwards  named  Pembroke  Tribe, 
for  him.  Lord  chamberlain,  Decem- 
ber 23,  1615,  to  1625.  He  was  con- 
stantly interested  in  advancing  the 
interest  of  the  Va.  Co.,  and  was  a 
member  of  the  Council  for  New  Eng- 
land, November  3,  1620.  In  1620  he 
patented  thirty  thousand  acres  of  land 
in  Virgiuia,  and  undertook  to  send 
over  emigrants  and  cattle.  In  July, 
1621,  Mr.  Leech  went  over  to  view 
the  country  and  to  locate  tliese  lands; 
and  the  Council  in  England  instructed 
Governor  Wyatt  "  To  see  that  the  Earl 
of  Pembroke's  thirty  thousand  acres  be 
very  good.''  To  which  the  Council  in 
Virginia  replied  in  January,  1622 :  "  It 
shall  comand  from  us  our  best  endeav- 
ors in  chusinge  out  for  his  Lordship 
and  his  Assocvatts  the  most  comodious 
Seate  that  maye  be."  In  1622-24  he 
was  still  a  member  of  the  New  Eng- 
land and  Virginia  councils,  and  was 
taking  an  active  interest  in  both  col- 
onies. 

The  great  Folio  Shakespeare  of 
16u'3  was  dedicated  to  him  and  to  his 
brother  Philip,  Earl  of  Montgomery. 
About  1626  lie  was  made  Cliancellor  of 
the  University  of  Oxford,  and  steward 
of  the  royal  household.  Broadgate 
Hall,  Oxford,  was  remodeled,  and 
named  for  him  Pembroke  College. 
Was  an  incorporator  of  the  Guiana 
Company,  May  19,  1627.  Obtained  a 
grant  of  the  Island  of  Barbadoes,  Feb- 
ruary 25,  1629,  which  was  revoked 
April  7,  1629  (previously  granted  to 
the  Earl  of  Carlisle).  He  died  sud- 
denly at  his  house,  called  Baynard's 
Castle,  in  the  City  of  London,  April 
10, 1630,  and  was  buried  in  the  Cathe- 
dral of  Salisbury.  He  was  succeeded 
in  his  titles,  etc.,  by  his  brother  Philip, 
Earl  of  Montgomery. 

"  He  was  as  generally  and  deservedly 
esteemed  as  any  nobleman  of  liis  time. 
He  was  well-bred  ;  but  his  breeding 
and  his  manners  were  entirely  English. 
He  was  generous,  open,  and  sincere  ; 
loyal,  and  yet  a  friend  to  liberty.    Few 


922 


HERBERT  — HICKS 


men  possessed  a  greater  quickness  of 
apprehension,  or  a  more  penetrating 
judgment  ;  and  none  could  express 
themselves  with  more  readiness  or 
propriety.  He  was  a  man  of  letters 
himself,  and  an  eminent  patron  of 
learned  men  ;  a  distinguished  favorer 
of  Shakespeare  and  his  works.  But 
he  had,  with  all  his  excellencies,  a 
strong  propensity  to  pleasure,  and  fre- 
quently abandoned  himself  to  women." 

"  He  married  Mary,  eldest  daughter 
and  co-heir  of  Gilbert,  seventh  Earl 
of  Shrewsbury,  of  the  Talbots,  and 
had  by  her  two  sons,  neither  of  whom 
survived  infancy."  "  His  poems,  "  ed- 
ited by  John  Donne,  son  of  the  Dean 
of  St.  Paul's,"  were  "  jsrinted  by 
Matthew  Inman,"  London,  1630  (the 
first  edition). 

Herbert,  William,  Earl  of  Pem- 
broke. Knight  of  the  Garter,  1548  ; 
Earl  of  Pembroke,  October  11,  1551  ; 
was  interested  in  the  Rus.  Co.,  1555; 
in  Hawkins's  voyages  1564-69;  died 
in  1570.  By  his  first  wife,  Anne  Parr, 
sister  to  Henry  VIII. 's  last  wife,  he 
was  the  father  of  Henry,  second  earl, 
who  was,  by  his  third  wife,  Mary  Sid- 
ney, the  father  of  William  and  Philip 
Herbert,  the  earls  of  Pembroke  and 
Montgomery  of  the  Va.  Co. 

Heron,  Sir  Edward,  3.  Sub.  £37 
10s.;  pd.  £25.  Of  Langtoft  and  Stam- 
ford, County  Lincoln.  Reader  at 
Gray's  Inn,  1587  ;  recorder  of  Stam- 
ford, 1588  ;  Serjeant  at  law,  1600  ; 
knighted  in  1603  ;  one  of  the  barons 
the  Exchequer,  1607. 

Heron  (or  Heme),  Master  Rich- 
ard, merchant,  3.    Sub. ;  pd.  £37 

10s.  Of  the  E.  I.  Co.  Was  sheriff  of 
London,  1618  ;  esquire  and  alderman; 
died  February  24,  1625.  He  was  the 
son  of  Nicholas  Heme,  of  Tibenham  in 
Com.  Norfolk.  "  Lived  at  the  Blew 
Anchor  in  Cheapside,  at  Foster  Lane 
end."  Married  Alice,  daughter  of 
John  Pasck,  of  Cambridge,  D.  D.,  and 
left  issue. 

Herriok,  Sir  ■William,  goldsmith, 
3.  Sub.  £37  10s.;  pd.  £37  10s.  A 
younger  son  of  John  Herrick  of  Leices- 
ter. Was  born  in  1557  ;  apprenticed 
in  London,  about  1574,  to  his  elder 
brother  Nicholas,  a  goldsmith  ;  suc- 
ceeded his  brotlior  in  his  business  in 
Cheai>side  ;  principal  jeweler  to  King 
James,  or  teller  to  the  crown,  May  2, 


1603  ;  knighted  for  making  a  hole  in 
the  great  diamond  for  the  king,  April 

2,  1605  ;  M.  P.  for  Leicester  in  1601, 
1606-11,  and  1621-22.  He  was  really 
one  of  the  king's  bankers.  A  retired 
merchant  of  great  wealth,  about  the 
year  1624,  he  settled  down  on  his  fine 
estate  of  Be.iumanor  Park,  Leicester, 
where  he  continued  to  live  in  right 
royal  style  until  his  death,  March  2, 
1653,  at  the  age  of  96  ;  buried  at  St. 
Martin's  Church,  Leicester.  He  mar- 
ried Joan,  daughter  of  Richard  May, 
Esq.,  and  sister  of  Sir  Humphrey  May. 
She  bore  him  seven  sons  and  five 
daughters. 

Robert  Herrick,  the  celebrated  poet, 
was  his  nephew,  son  of  his  brother 
Nicholas,  who  taught  him  his  trade. 

Herst,  Gregory.     Pd.  £12  10s. 

Hevrit,  Sir  Thomas,  clothworker, 

3.  Sub.  £75;  pd.  £75.  Member  of 
the  E.  I.  Co.  Was  knighted  at  Theo- 
bald's, December  15,  1613  ;  master  of 
the  clothworkers  in  1619. 

Heyward.     See  Haiward. 

Hicks,  Sir  Baptist,  mercer,  2. 
Sub.  £75 ;  pd.  £150.  A  younger 
brother  of  Sir  Michael  Hicks  ;  was 
born  about  1551  ;  was  admitted  to  the 
freedom  of  the  Mercers'  Company,  as 
a  retail  mercer,  gratis,  in  1577.  He 
afterwards  appears  to  have  followed 
the  trade  of  a  silk  mercer,  keeping  a 
shop  in  Cheapside,  and  by  successful 
application  to  business,  and  having 
great  dealings  with  the  court,  for  his 
rich  silks  imported  from  Italy  and 
other  foreign  parts,  thereby  amassed 
a  princely  fortune.  L^pon  King  James 
coming  to  the  throne,  he  was  sworn 
his  servant  in  1603,  and  soon  after 
knighted  at  Whitehall,  July  23,  1603  ; 
lent  the  king,  at  various  times,  vast 
sums  of  money  ;  was  one  of  the  first 
citizens  who  kept  shop  after  being 
knighted,  ar.d  in  1007,  having  some 
dispute  with  the  court  of  aldermen 
about  it,  he  replied  to  the  effect  that 
"  he  did  not  intend  to  live  altogether 
upon  interest,  as  had  been  the  custom 
after  knighthood;  but  still  intended  to 
have  a  regard  for  his  trade."  M.  C. 
for  Va.  Co.,  May  2.3,  1009. 

He  built  Hicks  Hall,  1610-12  ;  was 


HICKS  —  HINE 


923 


elected  an  Alderman  of  Bread  Street 
ward,  November  12,  IGll.  Built 
the  celebrated  Campdeu  House  about 
1612.  One  of  those  who  purchased 
the  Bermudas  Islands  t'lom  the  Va. 
Co.,  November  25,  1G12,  and  resigned 
them  to  the  crown,  November  23, 1014. 
He  collecti'd  a  large  sum  from  the  Ad- 
venturers for  the  Va.  Co.  of  Loudon; 
created  a  baronet  July  1,  1620;  M.  F. 
for  Tavistock  in  1621-22,  and  for 
Tewkesbury,  1624-2.5;  member  of  the 
royal  comnussion  for  winding  up  the 
affairs  of  the  Va.  Co.,  July  15,  1624; 
M.  P.  for  Tewkesbury  in  1625,  1626, 
and  in  1628. 

In  1626  he  gave  the  parish  church 
of  Chipping  Campden,  Gloucester- 
shire, "two  gilt  comunion  holies  with 
their  covers,"  and  in  acknowledgment 
the  church-wardens  sent  him  '•  three 
couple  of  chickens,  which  cost  them 
two  shillings  and  three  pence."  He 
was  created  Baron  Hicks  of  Ilniing- 
ton,  in  the  county  of  Warwick,  and 
Viscount  Campden  of  Campden  in 
Gloucestershire,  May  5,  1628. 

He  died  October  18,  1629,  aged  78, 
and  was  buried  at  Campden,  where 
a  magnificent  monument  was  erected 
to  his  memorv  by  his  widow,  Lady 
Campden  (Elizabeth,  daughter  of 
Richard  May,  Esq.,  of  London). 

"  To  the  memory  of  her  Dearest 
and  Deceased  Husband,  Baptist  Lord 
Hickes,  Viscount  Campden  ;  Born  of 
a  worthy  Family  in  the  city  of  Lon- 
don. ^^'ho,  by  the  Blessing  of  God  on 
his  ingenuous  endeavours,  arose  to  an 
ample  estate  and  to  the  foresaid  De- 
grees of  Honour.  And  out  of  those 
Blessings,  disposed  to  charitable  uses, 
in  his  Lifetime,  a  large  Portion,  to  the 
Value  of  £10,000.  Who  lived  reli- 
giously, Virtuously,  and  generously,  to 
the  age  of  seventy-eight  years  ;  and 
died  October  the  18th,  1629." 

The  following  title-page  will  explain 
itself  :  "  A  Defiance  to  Death,  Being 
the  Funebrious  Commemoration  of  the 
R*  Hon  :  Baptist  Lord  Hicks,  &c., 
late  deceased.  Preached  at  Camden 
in  Gloucestershire,  November  8,  1629, 
(by  John  Ganle).  London.  Printed 
by  Thomas  Harper  for  Robert  Allot, 
&c.  1630." 

Hicks,  'William.     Pd.  £30. 

Hide,  John,  grocer,  2.     Snb. ; 

pd. .     "Son   of  Mr.  John  Hide, 


grocer,  deceased,  and  Helen  his  wife, 
was  sworne  a  free  Brother  by  Patri- 
mony, March  5,  1603.  He  did  busi- 
ness at  the  sign  of  The  Baskett  at  Bil- 
lingsgate in  Thames  Street,  and  was 
still  living  in  1617."  (From  Grocers' 
Records.)  Also  of  E.  1.  and  N.  W.  P. 
compauies. 


Hide  (or  Hyde),  Lawrence, 
esquire,  3.  Sub.  £37  10s. ;  pd.  £37  10s. 
Second  son  of  Lawrence  Hide,  of  West 
Hache  in  Wilts  (third  son  of  Robert 
Hide,  of  Northbury,  Cheshire).  He 
was  seated  at  Heale  near  Salisbury  in 
AVilts ;  M.  P.  for  Heytosbury,  1584-85; 
Chippenham,  1586-87  ;  Heytesbury 
again,  1597-98  ;  Marlborough,  1601 
and  1604-11  ;  attorney-general  to 
Anne,  queen  of  James  I.  ;  knighted 
at  Whitehall,  November  7,  1614  ; 
elected  to  the  Council  of  Virginia  on 
February  5,  1623  ;  married  Barbara, 
daughter  of  John  Baptist  Castillon, 
Esq.,  of  Benham,  Berks,  by  whom  he 
left  eleven  sons.  (See  Le  Neve's 
"  Knights.")  (His  brother  Henry  was 
the  father  of  Edward  Lord  Clarendon, 
whose  daughter  Anne  became  Duch- 
ess of  York,  and  mother  of  queens 
Mary  the  second  and  Anne,  her  suc- 
cessor.) 

Hide  (or  Hyde),  Nicholas,  esquire, 
3.  Sub.  £37  10s.  ;  pd.  £37  10s. 
Brother  of  Sir  Lawrence,  aforesaid, 
was  born  about  1572  (?)  ;  M.  P.  for 
Andover,  1601,  Christ  Church,  1604-11, 
Bath,  1614,  and  Bristol,  1626  ;  Lent 
reader  at  the  Middle  Temple  in  1617  ; 
prepared  defense  of  Bnekingham  in 
1626  ;  knighted  at  Whitehall  January 
28,  1627  ;  three  days  after  (31st)  ap- 
pointed a  sergeant  at  law,  and  five 
days  after  (February  5),  chief  justice 
of  the  King's  Bench  ;  died  at  Hinton 
Lodge,  Hampshire,  August  25,  1631. 
His  nephew,  afterwards  the  Earl  of 
Clarendon,  studied  the  law  under  his 
guidance. 

Hill,  Robert,  2.      Sub. ;  pd. 

£87  10.S.     Clerk  of  assignments. 

Hill,  Tristram,  2.     Sub. ;  pel 

£25. 

Himes.     See  Hawes. 

Hine.     See  Hawes. 


924 


HINSON  —  HOLECROFT 


Hinson,  Tobias,  grocer,  2.     Sub. 

;  pd.  £45.     Entered    and  sworn 

to  freedom  in  the  Grocers'  Company, 
July  6,  1586. 

Hinton  (Henton,  Hunton,  etc.). 

Dr.    Anthony,    3.      Sub.  ;    pd. 

£37  10s.     "  Docktor  in  Phisick." 

Hinton,    Griffin,    2.      Sub. ; 

pd.  £12  10s. 

Hobart,  Sir  Henry,  2.  Sub. 
;  pd. .  I  find  this  name  fre- 
quently spelled  Hubard.  Gi-anger 
says,  "  the  name  is  pronounced  Hubbart 
or  Hubbard."  "  He  applied  himself  to 
the  study  of  the  Laws  ;  was  called  to 
the  bar,  June  24,  1584  ;  having  been 
entered  at  Lincoln's  Inn,  attained  such 
knowledge  therein,  and  grew  into  such 
esteem,  that  in  1597  he  was  elected 
one  of  the  Governors  of  that  Society." 
M.  P.  for  Yarmouth  in  1597  and  in 
1601  ;  sergeant  at  law  in  45  Eliza- 
beth ;  knighted  by  King  James,  July 
23, 1603  ;  M.  P.  for  Norwich,  1604-11  ; 
attorney  for  the  Court  of  Wards,  No- 
vember 3,  1605,  and  king's  attorney- 
general,  July  4,  1606  ;  M.  C.  for  Va 
Co.,  May  23, 1G09.  He  was  appointed 
one  of  the  governors  of  the  Charter- 
house, at  the  institution  of  that  great 
charity,  June  22,  1611,  and  created  a 
baronet,  November  22,  1611  ;  one  of 
the  incorporators  of  N.  W.  P.  Co., 
July  26,  1012  ;  constituted  lord  chief 
justice  of  the  Common  Pleas,  Novem- 
ber 26, 1613  ;  which  post  he  filled  with 
.notable  sufficiency  to  his  death  ;  sworn 
a  free  brother  of  the  E.  I.  Co.,  Decem- 
ber 5,  1617  ;  umi>ire  in  the  case  be- 
?tween  the  Earl  of  Warwick  and  the 
E.  I.  Co.,  March-April,  1620  ;  con- 
'tributed  £100  towards  new  building 
the  chapel  of  Lincoln's  Inn,  which  was 
finished  in  1623  ;  died  December  26, 
1625.  "  A  great  loss  to  the  weal 
public,"  as  Sir  Henry  Spelman  writes. 

His  "  Law  Reports  "  were  first  pub- 
lished in  1641,  and  have  been  fre- 
quently republished.  He  married 
Dorothy,  daughter  of  Sir  Robert  Bell, 
of  Beauprd  Hall,  chief  baron  of  the 
Exchequer,  by  whom  he  had  a  large 
family,  including  the  following  :  Sir 
John,  his  successor,  ancestor  of  the 
earls  of  Buckinghamshire  ;  Sir  Miles, 
who  married  Siisan,  daughter  of  Sir 
John  Peyton,  and  "  Robert  Hubbard, 
christened  at  Hackney  Cluirch,  Sep- 
tember 28,  1606,"  who  was  probably 


the  Robert  Hubbard  living  in  Vir- 
ginia about  1650. 

Hobson,  Captain  Nicholas.  "  A 
grave  gentleman,  who  was  willing  to 
go  that  voyage,  and  to  adventure 
£100,  himself."      (Gorges.) 

Hodges,  John,  grocer.  Sub.  £37 
10s.  ;  pd.  £50.  Elected  alderman  of 
Cordwainer  ward.  July  9,  1622  ;  sher- 
riff  in  1622-23  ;  died  in  1629  ;  he  was 
colonel  of  the  Archers  in  1627. 

Hodges,  Thomas,  merchant-tailor, 
3.  Sub.  £37  10s.  ;  pd.  £37  15s. 
March,  1620,  he  gave  to  Walter  El- 
dred,  by  will,  his  three  shares  in  Vir- 
ginia. 

Hodges,  William,  gent.,  3.     Sub. 

;  pd.    £25.     A    captain   of    the 

Archers  in  1627. 

Hodgeson.     See  Hudson. 

Hodsale,    John,     3.      Sub. ; 

pd.  £37  10s. 

Hogan,  Gresham,  esquire,  3.  Sub. 
£37  10s. ;  pd.  £37  10s.  The  son  of 
Edmund  Hogan,  treasurer  of  the  Com- 
pany of  Cathay  (1577-79),  and  one  of 
tlie  friends,  factors,  and  executors  of 
Sir  Thomas  Gresham  ;  who  sent  to 
Gresliam  the  memorable  "  payre  of 
long  Spanish  silke  stockings,  which  he 
presented  to  Edward  VI.,  which  was 
a  great  present,  for  Edward's  father, 
Henry  VIII.,  did  weare  onely  cloath 
hose."  Gresham  Hogan  was  also  a 
member  of  the  E.  I.  Co.,  and  from  the 
records  of  that  company  we  find  that 
he  came  to  "  a  violent  and  wilful  end," 
in  1621,  leaving  issue. 

Hole,  William.  He  engraved  the 
pictures  in  Coryat's  "Crudities  ;"  the 
title-page  and  some  of  the  maps  in 
Camden's  "  Britannia,"  etc.  He  was 
not  a  member  of  the  Va.  Co. 

Holecroft,     Captain    Jeffrey,    2. 

Sub. ;  pd. .     Son  of  Thomas 

Holcrof  t,  of  Battersea  in  Surrey  ;  was 
a  captain  in  the  Low  Countries. 

Holecroft,  Captain  Thomas,  2. 
Sub. ;  pd.  .  Came  to  Vir- 
ginia with  Lord  De  la  Warr,  in  1610  ; 
afterwards  commanded  one  of  the 
forts  at  Kicoughtan,  and  died  there. 
He  was  the  son  of  Sir  Thomas  Hole- 
croft (see  next)  ;  was  the  last  known 
of  tlie  Vale  royal  family  ;  married 
Mary,  daughter  of  the  Hon.  Henry 
Talbot  (son  of  George,  Earl  of  Shrews- 
bury). His  widow  married  Sir  ^Vil- 
liam  Airmyu  (Armyne),  baronet  (M.  P. 


HOLECROFT  —  HOOD 


925 


for  Boston  in  1G21  and  1624).  She 
was  a  celebrated  woman. 

Holecroft,  Sir  Thomaa,  2.     Sub. 

;    pd.     £10.       Of    Vale     Royal, 

Cheshire  ;  son  and  heir  of  Sir  Thomas 
Holecroft,  knijjlit  (i-eceiver  of  the 
Duchy  of  Lancaster  to  J^dward  VI.), 
by  Juliana,  daughter  and  heir  of  Nich- 
olas Jemiings,  of  Poyeton,  alderman  of 
Jjondon. 

When  a  young  man,  in  some  quarrel, 
he  killed  Henry,  second  son  of  Wil- 
liam, fifth  Baron  Burgli,  and  brother  to 
Sir  John  Burgh  ;  knighted  at  York, 
April  17,  16U3  ;  gentleman  of  the 
privy  chamber  to  King  James  ;  M.  C. 
for  Va.,  March  9,  1607  ;  died  Febru- 
ary 26,  1620,  on  which  day  Chamber- 
lain writes,  "  On  Saturday  last  Sir 
Thomas  Holcroft,  an  old  Knight  that 
long  since  killed  the  Lord  Burgh's 
brother,  fell  down  a  pair  of  stairs  at 
his  lodging  in  the  Strand,  and  so 
bruised  his  skull  that  he  died  this 
morning "  He  married,  first,  Eliza- 
beth, daughter  of  Sir  Edward  Fellon, 
of  Gawsworth,  Cheshire  ;  second,  Eliz- 
abeth, daughter  of  Sir  William  Rey- 
ner,  of  Overton,  Hants.  By  his  first 
wife  he  had  a  son,  Capt.  Thomas  Hol- 
croft, aforesaid. 

Holeman,  George,  grocer,  2.  Sub. 
£37  10s.;  pd.  £100.  Admitted  to  the 
liverj^  in  1,jOO,  and  was  on  the  Court 
of  Assistants  of  the  Grocers  for  many 
years,  up  to  1615.  He  married,  at  St. 
Mary  Woolchurch  Haw,  November 
14,  1574,  Miss  Alice  Staper  ;  was  a 
leading  member  of  the  E.  I.  and  N. 
W.  P.  companies,  and  gave  a  thou- 
sand pounds  towards  the  new  erection 
of  the  Church  of  St.  Benet  Fink, 
Broadstreet  ward,  London.  George 
Holeman,  Jr.,  his  son,  I  suppose  was 
admitted  to  the  livery  (Grocers)  in 
1613. 

Holland,  Earl  of.  —  Henry  Rich. 

Holland,  (Holliland),  Samuel, 
gent.,  3.     Sub. ;  pd.  £37  lOs. 

Holland,  William.     Pd.  £12  lOs. 

Holies,  Sir  John,  2.  Sub.  £75; 
pd.  £75.  Of  Houghton,  County  North- 
ampton; son  of  Denzell  Holies,  Esq.; 
was  one  of  the  band  of  gentlemen 
pensioners  under  Queen  Elizabeth  and 
King  James;  knighted  in  Ireland  by 
Sir  William  Fitzwilliam,  the  lord 
deputy,  in  January,  1594;  served  un- 
der his  cousin,  Sir  Francis  Vere,  and 


was  with  him  in  the  Island  voyage  ; 
comptroller  of  the  household  of 
Henrv,  Prince  of  Wales,  1610  ;  mem- 
ber of  tlie  N.  W.  P.  Co.,  1612;  created 
Baron  Houghton  of  Houghton,  July  9, 
1616,  and  Earl  of  Clare,  November  2, 
1624.  He  died  October  4,  1637.  The 
celebrated  Denzill  HoUis  (one  of  the 
five  members)  was  his  second  son  by 
his  first  wife.  "  The  Earl  of  Clare 
was  one  of  Ralegh's  earliest  and  latest 
friends,  in  association  with  whom  he 
had  served  both  in  court  and  in  camp, 
and  to  wlionx  he  was  attached  by  re- 
ciprocity of  sentiments  and  .similarity 
of  pursuits." 

Holt,  Christopher,  2.     Sub. ; 

pd. .     His    fair    marble    tomb    in 

the  south  wall  of  the  Quire  of  Alhal- 
lowe's  Stane,  or  Stayning  Church, 
Langborue  ward,  London,  contained 
the  following  lines:  — 

"  Our  Holt  (alas !)  liath  stint  his  hold, 
by  Deatii  cal'd  hence  in  haste, 
Whose  Christen  name  being  Christopher 

with  Christ  is  better  plac't. 
In  Sawton  born  of  gentle  race, 

in  London  spent  his  days, 
A  clerke  that  serv'd  in  Custom  house, 

in  credit  many  nayes. 
So  that  altho'  we  feele  the  losse 

of  this  so  deare  a  Friend, 
His  life  spent  well  wliile  he  was  here, 
hath  gained  a  better  end." 

Holt,  John,  gent.,  2.      Sub.' ; 

pd.  £12  lOs.  Came  to  Virginia  in  1608. 

Hood,  Thomas.  In  Drake's  voy- 
age round  the  world,  1577—80  ;  iu 
Fentou's  voyage,  1582-83;  was  read- 
ing a  lecture  within  the  Leadenhall  on 
Geometry,  Astronomy,  and  Geogra- 
phy about  1583-84  ;  reading  the  said 
lecture  in  the  house  of  Master  Thomas 
Smith  in  Gracious  Street  in  1588.  One 
of  tliose  to  whom  Ralegh  made  an 
assignment  from  his  charter  for  colo- 
nization, March  7,  1589.  "The  use 
of  the  Celestial  Globe  in  Plan  set 
foorth  in  Two  Hemispheres.  .  .  .  Set 
Foorth  by  Thomas  Hood,  Mathemati- 
call  Lecturer  in  the  citie  of  London, 
sometimes  Fellow  of  Trinitie  College 
in  Cambridge.  .  .  .  Imprinted  .  .  . 
1590,"  dedicated  to  John  Lord  Lum- 
ley  and  Master  Thomas  Smith.  He 
also  published  the  "  Use  of  the  Jacob's 
Staffe ; "  a  corrected  edition  of  Bourne's 
"  Regiment  of  the  Sea ; "  a  map;  "  The 
Marriner's  Guide ; "  and  other  works 
in  1590,  1592,  and  1596. 

"  The  making  and  use  of  the  Geo- 
metricall  Instrument  called  a  Sector. 


926 


HOOKER  —  HOWARD 


.  .  .  Written  by  Thomas  Hood,  Doc- 
tor in  Physicke,  1598." 

Hooker,  George,  gent.,  2.  Sub. 
;  pd.  £25. 

Hooker,  Nicholas,  3.  Sub  £37 
10s. ;  pd.  £37  10s.  "  Royston,  Marcli 
3,  1615.  Grant  to  William  Jordan 
and  Nicholas  Hooker,  of  London, 
nominees  of  Edward  Lord  Morley  of 
the  sole  printing  of  a  small  book, 
entitled  '  God  and  the  Kinge  ;  or,  a 
Dialogue,  shewing  that  our  Sovereign 
Lord,  King  James,  being  ymediate 
under  God  within  his  Dominions,  doth 
rightfiillie  claime,  whatsoever  is  re- 
quired by  the  Oathe  of  Allegiance  ; ' 
with  instructions  for  the  same  to  be 
taught  in  Latin  and  English,  in  all 
schools,  as  a  means  to  '  season  yonge 
mindes  against  the  pestilent  doctrines 
of  the  Jesuits.'  " 

Hope,  Thomas,  a  tailor.  Came  to 
Virginia  in  January,  1608,  and  proba- 
bly returned  to  England. 

Hopkins,  John,  alderman  of  Bris- 
tol, 2.    Sub. ;  pd. .    February 

6,  1610,  he  wrote  to  Lord  Admiral 
Nottingham  about  the  taking  of  a 
Bristol  merchant  ship  by  pirates  ;  of 
the  pirate  Eston,  etc.  (see  State  Pa- 
pers). 

Hore,  Robert.  *'  A  man  of  goodly 
stature,  of  great  courage,  and  given  to 
the  study  of  cosmography." 

Hortop,  Job.  "  Borne  at  Bourne 
in  Lincolnshire  ;  cliief  gunner  of  the 
Jesus  of  Lubec;  set  on  shore  by  Haw- 
kins in  1568;  after  many  miseines  he 
reached  Mexico;  ^vas  a  prisoner  to  the 
Spaniards  for  23  years  ;  namely,  two 
years  in  Mexico,  one  year  in  the  con- 
traction-house in  Seville,  another  in 
the  Inquisition  house  in  Triana,  twelve 
years  in  the  galleys,  four  years  (with 
the  cross  of  St.  Andrew  on  his  back) 
in  the  Everlasting-Prison,  and  three 
years  a  drudge  to  Hernando  de  Soria. 
The  vessel  on  which  he  was  confined 
was  taken  by  an  English  ship,  and  he 
was  landed  at  Portsmoutli,  December 
2,  1.500."  In  1591  he  publislied  an 
account  of  his  "Travailes,"  which  he 
dedicated  to  Queen  Elizabeth. 

Hoskins,   John,   esquire,  3.     Sub. 

£37  10s.  pd. .      Youngest  son  of 

John  Hoskins,  M.  P.  for  Hereford  ; 
was  born  about  1566;  was  of  the  Mid- 
dle Temple  ;  M.  P.  for  Hereford, 
1604-11, 1614,  and  1628-29,    He  made 


a  noted  speech  in  the  Parliament  of 
1614,  for  which  he  was  committed  to 
the  Tower  <x\  June  8;  but  was  after- 
wards enlarged  ;  made  a  sergeant  at 
law,  and  one  of  the  judges  of  Wales. 
He  died  August  27,  1638,  aged  72. 

Houghton,  Lord.  —  John  Holies. 

Houlden,  William.     Pd.  £12  10s. 

Howard,  Charles,  Lord  High  Ad- 
miral. Son  of  William  Lord  Howard 
and  grandson  of  Thomas,  second  Diike 
of  Norfolk  ;  was  born  in  1536  ;  am- 
bassador to  France,  1559;  in  1569  was 
general  of  the  horse  under  the  Earl  of 
Warwick  in  the  army  sent  against 
"  the  Rising  in  the  North ;  "  succeeded 
his  father  as  Lord  Howard  of  Effing- 
ham in  1573  ;  subscriber  to  Frobish- 
er's  voyages,  1576-78.  Bourne's  "  In- 
ventions and  Devises  "  and  Hellowes's 
"  Art  of  Navigation,"  etc.,  were  dedi- 
cated to  him  in  1578.  In  1582  he 
was  a  subscriber  to  Fenton's  voyage; 
lord  high  admiral  of  England  in  1585. 
Tanners's  "  Safety  for  Sayler  ,"  etc., 
dedicated  to  him  in  1587.  Defeated 
the  Spanish  Armada  in  1588.  An- 
thony Ashley's  account  of  his  exploits 
in  1588.  Daunce's  Discourse  dedi- 
cated to  him  in  1.590;  commander-in- 
chief  at  sea  in  the  expedition  against 
Cadiz  in  1596,  distinguished  himself 
there,  and  is  advanced  to  the  dignity 
of  Earl  of  Nottingliam.  The  first  vol- 
ume of  Hakluyt's  "Principal  Naviga- 
tions "  dedicated  to  him  in  1598.  Lieu- 
tenant-general of  England  in  1599,  in 
which  year  Edward  Wright's  "  Haven 
finding  art  "  was  dedicated  to  him.  In 
1605  he  was  sent  ambassador  to  Spain 
to  take  the  oath  of  Philip  HI.  to  the 
treaty  of  August  18,  1604,  which  was 
done  at  Valladolid,  June  15, 1605,  and 
Cervantes  wrote  an  account  of  the 
festivities  on  the  occasion.  Of  the  N. 
W.  P.  Co.,  1612.  He  retired  from 
service  in  1618,  and  died  December 
14,  1624,  aged  88.  He  married,  first, 
Katherine,  daughter  of  Henry  Carey, 
first  Lord  Hunsdon,and  secondly,  Lady 
Margaret  Stewart,  daughter  of  James, 
Earl  of  Moray. 

Hovrard,  Henry,  Earl  of  North- 
ampton. Second  son  of  Henry  How- 
ard, the  celebrated  Earl  of  Surrey, 
beheaded  on  Tower  Hill  January  19, 
1547.  He  was  born  at  Shottisham  in 
Norfolk  in  1539  ;  educated  at  Cam- 
bridge; restored  in  blood  by  the  first 


HOWARD 


927 


Parliament  of  Queen  Elizabeth,  1559. 
In  1583  he  printed  at  the  Earl  of  Arnn- 
del's  press,  "  A  Defensative  against 
the  Poyson  of  supposed  Prophesies, 
etc,"  a  very  large  work.  Lodge  says, 
"  he  was  all  but  a  declared  Papist,  and 
was  strongly  suspecited  of  favoring 
the  cause  of  the  Queen  of  Scots." 
On  January  G,  IGOl,  King  James  made 
him  constable  of  Dover  and  warden  of 
the  Cinque  Ports,  and  on  March  13 
following,  created  liim  Baron  Howard 
of  Marnliill  and  Earl  of  Northamp- 
ton ;  a  pensioner  of  Spain  ;  Knight  of 
the  Garter,  February  -4,  1G05  ;  lord 
privy  seal,  April  28,  1G08  ;  was  Clian- 
cellor  of  the  University  of  Cambridge, 
and  liigh  steward  of  Oxford.  George 
Abbot,  Archbishop  of  Canterbury,  is 
said  to  have  secured  a  letter  from  the 
earl  to  Cardinal  Bellarmine,  in  which 
he  declared  "  that,  notwithstanding 
the  temper  of  the  times  com])elled  him 
to  dissemble,  and  the  king  himself 
urged  him  to  turn  Protestant,  his  heart 
was  still  with  the  Catholics,  and  he 
should  be  ready  to  aid  them  in  any 
attempt."  (Aiken's  "  Court  of  James 
I."  vol.  i.  p.  442.) 

Of  N.  W.  P.  Co.  in  1G12.  After  an 
illness  of  about  four  months,  he  died 
at  his  mansion  at  Charing  Cross,  June 
15,  1G14,  and  was  buried  in  the  cliurch 
of  Dover  Castle.  He  left  no  children; 
his  nephew,  Thomas  Howard,  Earl  of 
Suffolk,  was  his  heir.  He  founded 
three  hospitals:  at  Greenwich,  at  Clun 
in  Shropshire,  and  at  Castlerising  in 
Norfolk. 

Howard,  John,  clerk.  See  Hai- 
ward. 

Howard,  Theophilus,  Lord  How- 
ard  of    Walden,   2.     Sub.  ;    pd. 

£137  10s.  Eldest  son  of  Thomas 
Howard,  Earl  of  Suffolk,  by  his  sec- 
ond wife,  Catherine,  daughter  of  Sir 
Henry  Knevet,  and  widow  of  the 
Hon.  Richard  Rich,  eldest  son  of  Lord 
Rich.  He  was,  in  his  father's  lifetime, 
summoned  to  the  House  of  Peers, 
during  the  whole  reign  of  James  I. 
(1603-1625)  by  the  title  of  Lord  How- 
ard of  Walden. 

M.  C.  for  Va.  Co.,  May  23,  1609. 
He  was  an  orncer  in  the  expedition 
sent  under  Sir  Edward  Cecil  to  the 
siege  of  Juliers  in  1610,  where  he 
had  a  noted  quarrel  with  the  notorious 
Edward,   Lord  Herbert  of  Cherbury. 


He  was  a  member  of  the  N.  W.  P.  and 
E.  I.  companies  ;  was  made  governor 
of  the  Isle  of  Jersey  and  castle  cornet 
for  life  in  1621 ;  succeeded  his  father 
as  Earl  of  Suffolk,  May  28,  162G;  in- 
stalled at  Windsor  one  of  the  Knigiits 
of  the  Garter  Septendjer  24,  1628, 
being  then  lord  warden,  chancellor, 
and  admiral  of  the  Cinque  Ports,  and 
the  members  thereof  ;  constable  of 
Dover  Castle  ;  captain  of  the  Honor- 
able Band  of  Pensioners,  and  one  of 
the  lords  of  the  Privy  Council.  He 
married  Elizabeth,  daughter  of  George 
Hume,  Earl  of  Dunbar.  He  died 
June  3,  1640. 

Howard,  Thomas,  Earl  of  Surrey, 
temp.  Henrv  VIII.  Only  son  of 
"  Jockey  of  Norfolk."  He  defeated  the 
Scots  at  Flodden  September  9,  1513; 
died  May  21,  1524.  By  his  second 
wife  he  was  grandfather  of  Charles, 
lord  high  admiral.  By  his  first  wife  he 
was  great-grandfather  of  Henrj',  Earl 
of  Northampton  ;  great-great-grand- 
father of  Thomas,  Earl  of  Suffolk; 
and  great-great-great-grandfather  of 
Thomas,  Earl  of  Arundel,  and  of  The- 
ophilus, Lord  Howard  of  Walden. 

Howard,  Thomas,  Earl  of  Arundel. 

Sub.    ;    pd.   .      (In  reading 

the  Virginia  Records,  Thomas  Lord 
Arundell  of  Wardour  has  been  some- 
times confused  with  this  Earl  of  Arun- 
del.) Son  of  Philip,  first  Earl  of 
Arundel,  the  half-brother  to  Thomas 
Howard,  Earl  of  Suffolk  ;  was  born 
1585-86  ;  restored  in  blood  by  act  of 
Parliament,  1603  ;  married  Alathea, 
daugliter  of  (xilbert  Talbot,  Earl  of 
Shrewsburv;  sworn  of  the  Privv  Coun- 
cil, 1607;  'traveled,  1609-11  ;*K.  G., 
May  13,  1611  ;  of  tlie  N.  W.  P.  Co., 
1612;  accompanied  Elector  Pal.atine  to 
Heidelberg,  1613;  visited  Italy,  1613- 
14  ;  joined  the  Church  of  England, 
1614  ;  conducted  Gondomar  to  his  first 
public  audience  ;  of  the  Va.  Co.  of 
London,  IMarch  2,  1620;  of  the  New 
England  Council,  November  3,  1620  ; 
e.arl  marshal  of  Phigland,  1621  ;  am- 
bassador to  States  (icneral,  1633  ;  to 
Emperor  Ferdinand  II.,  1636  (his  son, 
Henry,  Lord  Maltravers,  was  granted 
the  county  of  Norfolk,  in  Virginia, 
April  11,  1637)  ;  went  abroad,  July, 
1641  ;  created  Earl  of  Norfolk,  June, 
1644  ;  died  at  Padua,  Italy,  October 
4,  1646,  in  his  61st  year.     The  cele- 


928 


HOWARD  _  HOWES 


brated  patron  of  fine  arts  ;  the  col- 
lector of  the  Arundel  niurbles,  and 
other  treasures  of  antiquity. 

Howard,  Thomas,  Earl  of  Suffolk, 

2.     Sub. ;    pd.    £200.      Son    of 

Thomas  Howard,  fourth  Duke  of  Nor- 
folk, by  his  second  wife,  Margaret, 
daughter  and  heir  of  Thomas,  Lord 
Audley  of  Walden;  was  born  in  1561. 
In  1572  his  father,  the  Duke  of  Nor- 
folk, was  beheaded  on  account  of  his 
efforts  in  behalf  of  Mary  Queen  of 
Scots. 

He  was  restored  in  blood  by  act  of 
Parliament  in  1585  ;  knighted  at  sea 
for  gallant  service  against  the  Spanish 
Armada  by  the  lord  admiral  in  1588  ; 
commanded  the  fleet  cruising  near  the 
Azores  in  1591,  which  was  attacked 
by  an  overwhelming  fleet  of  Spanish 
ships,  when  the  bravery  of  Howard 
and  of  Sir  Richard  Grenville  was  so 
conspicuously  displayed;  distinguished 
himself  at  the  capture  of  Cadiz  in  1596, 
and  on  his  return  to  England  was 
summoned  to  Parliament  as  Baron 
Howard  of  Walden.  One  of  the 
commanders  in  the  noted  voyage  to 
the  Azores  in  1597;  made  a  Knight  of 
the  Garter  May  24,  1597,  and  soon 
after  constable  of  the  Tower  ;  sat  on 
the  trial  of  the  Earls  of  Essex  and 
Southampton  iu  1601. 

The  house  of  Howard  had  suffered 
much  on  account  of  their  sympathy 
for  Queen  Mary,  the  mother  of  King 
James,  and  King  James  did  not  for- 
get the  Howards.  Lord  Howard  was 
sworn  of  the  Privy  Council  in  May, 
1603  ;  was  created  Earl  of  Suffolk 
July  2,  1603;  sat  on  the  trial  of  Ra- 
legh ;  made  lord  chamberlain;  he  was 
a  joint  commissioner  for  the  office  of 
earl  marshal,  February  4,  1604;  a  dis- 
coverer of  the  Gunpowder  Plot,  and 
active  in  the  incidents  connected  there- 
witli,  1605. 

"  He  refused  to  become  a  pensioner 
of  Spain,  but  his  wife.  Lady  Suffolk, 
fell  an  easy  victim  ;  "  one  of  those  who 
sent  out  Henry  Hudson  to  discover  a 
Northwest  passage  in  1610,  and  an  in- 
corporator of  the  N.  W.  P.  Co.,  July 
i'-G,  1612  ;  Chancellor  of  Cambridge 
University,  1613  ;  lord  higli  treasurer 
of  England,  July  11,  1614;  one  of  the 
commissioners  for  executing  tlie  oftice 
of  earl  marslial  in  1615,  and  again  in 
1617;  charged  with  embezzlement  and 


dismissed  from  office,  July  19,  1618  ; 
accused,  with  his  lady,  in  the  Star 
Chamber,  October  20,1619;  both  sent 
to  the  Tower,  November  20  ;  the  earl 
was  liberated  November  29,  1619,  his 
lady  was  regarded  as  really  the  guilty 
one.  The  earl  was  restored  to  royal 
favor  in  January,  1620;  was  earl  mar- 
shal, August  29,  1621.  He  died  May 
28,  1626,  at  his  house  near  Charing 
Cross,  in  London,  and  was  buried  at 
Walden  in  Essex. 

Lodge  says,  ' '  He  was  singularly 
unfortunate  in  his  wife  and  in  two  of 
his  children,  for  they  were  not  only 
culprits  of  different  casts,  but  their 
faults  were  such  as  made  it  necessary 
to  expose  them  by  public  investiga- 
tion ;  and  these  domestic  calamities 
fell  the  heavier  on  him,  because  he 
was  a  most  kind  father  and  husband, 
and  because,  perhaps,  they  might  be 
traced  to  a  monstrous  and  perverted 
effect  of  his  own  indulgence. 

"  He  was  twice  married,  but  by  his 
first  lady,  Mary,  daughter  and  co-heir 
of  Thomas  Lord  Dacre  of  Gillesland, 
he  had  no  children.  His  second 
countess,  of  whom  so  much  has  been 
said,  was  Catherine,  daughter  and  co- 
heir of  Sir  Henry  Knevet,  of  Charlton 
in  Vf  ilts,  and  widow  of  Richard,  eldest 
son  of  Robert  Lord  Rich,  one  of  the 
most  celebrated  beauties  of  her  time. 
By  her  he  had  a  numerous  issue." 
Their  oldest  son,  Theophilus  Lord 
Howard  of  Walden,  was  M.  C.  for  Va. 
One  of  tiie  daughters,  Elizabeth,  mar- 
ried, first,  William  Knollys,  Earl  of 
Banbury  (an  uncle  to  Lord  De  la 
Warr,  governor  of  Virginia),  and, 
secondlj'.  Lord  Vaux,  '•  from  which 
marriages  arose  the  long  agitated 
question  as  to  the  legitimacy  of  her 
reputed  issue  by  the  first  husband  ;  " 
another  daughter  was  Frances,  "  whose 
divorce,  from  Robert  Devereux,  Earl 
of  Essex,  and  subsequent  marriage  to 
Carr,  of  Somerset,  disfigure  the  history 
of  the  reign  in  which  they  occurred." 

Howes,  Edmund.  Of  the  N.  W. 
P.  Co.  He  published  "  The  Abridge- 
ment of  the  English  Chronicles," 
editions  1607,  1610,  1611,  and  1018  ; 
also  "  Stow's  Annales  continued  by 
Edniond  Howes,"  editions  1615  and 
1031.  Stith,  in  his  "  History  of  Vir- 
ginia," p.  229,  mentions  that  the  com- 
pany paid  him  twelve  pounds  of  to- 


HOWELL  —  IDIAQUES 


929 


bacco,  as  a  pension  for  the  year  ir>22, 
for  inserting  passages  concerning  Vir- 
ginia in  his  book,  and  adds,  "  But  he 
either  never  performed  the  service,  or 
is  at  least  a  writer  of  that  obscurity 
and  insignificancy  that  I  neither  know, 
nor  can  find  anything  of  him." 

Ho-well  —  Ho-wle,  Richard,  2. 
Sub. ;  pd.  £12  10s. 

Hudson  —  Hodsdon  —  Hoddes- 
ton,  etc.,  Christopher.  Second  son 
of  Simon  Hodsdon,  of  Hodsdon  and  of 
Edgeworth  in  Com.  ^liddlesex,  by  liis 
wife  Joane,  daughter  of  John  Ether- 
edge.  He  was  agent  and  factor  of 
the  Merchant  Adventurers  in  Russia 
for  25  years,  from  about  lo53  to  1570. 
In  1578  he  was  a  leading  citizen  and 
haberdasher  of  London  ;  interested  in 
Frobisher's  Northwest  voyages  ;  with 
others  he  sent  a  trading  vessel  to 
Brazil  in  1580  ;  consulted  about  the 
colony  to  the  southwest  of  Cape  Breton 
in  1583  ;  interested  in  Davys' s  Nortli- 
west  voyages  ;  governor  of  Merchant 
Adventurers  of  Antwerp,  1582  to  IGOl. 
The  date  of  his  death  is  not  known  to 
me.  I  take  him  to  be  the  Christopher 
Hodson  who  was  knighted  at  White  liall 
July  23, 1003,  before  the  coronation  of 
the  king.  He  married  Alice,  daugh- 
ter of  Alexander  Carleill,  and  sister  of 
Capt.  Christopher  Carleill  (see  Sir 
George  Barnes,  the  elder).  His  "sole 
daughter  and  heyre,"  Ursula,  married 
Sir  John  Lee,  son  of  Sir  Thomas  Leigh 
of  Stoneleigh. 

Hudson  (see  Hodgeson),  John,  2. 

Sub.  ;  pd.  £25.     Member  of  E. 

I.  Co.  "June  7,  1019,  John  Hodgson 
transferred  to  Francis  Whitner  two 
shares  in  Virginia,  which  he  passed  to 
Mr.  Xicholas  Ferrar. " 

Hughes,  Rev.  Levvis  (of  Bermudas 
Islands),  married  in  1025,  Anne, 
relict  of  John  Smith,  citizen  and 
draper  of  Loudon  at  St.  George,  Bo- 
tolph  Lane. 


^C^^L^h^'^o 


i?< 


C7^^^- 


Humble,     Richard,     esquire,     2. 

Sub. ;  pd.  £100.     Of  Southwark, 

Vintner,   and  of    Goosehayes,  County 


Essex,  esquire,  A  member  of  the  E. 
I.  Co.,  and  an  alderman  of  London. 
He  died  in  April,  1010,  "  and  lies 
buryed  in  St.  Mary  Overy's  Church 
under  a  fayre  monument."  His  son, 
Peter  Humble,  gent.,  transferi-ed  ten 
shares  in  Virginia  to  John  Burgh  on 
May  14,  1023.  Richard  Humble, 
Esq.,  was  an  ancestor  of  the  present 
Earl  of  Du.lley. 

Hungerford,  Sir  Ed"ward.  M.  C. 
for  Va.,  March  9,  1007,  at  which  date 
there  were  two  knights  of  tlie  name  ; 
but  I  think  this  was  the  son  of  Sir 
Anthony  Hungerford,  by  his  Avife 
Sarah,  daughter  of  Giles  Crouch,  of 
Cornhill  ward,  London,  because  his 
mother's  sister,  Jane  Crouch,  mar- 
ried John  Bargrave,  of  Bifrons,  in  the 
Parish  of  Patricksborn  in  Kent,  who 
claimed  to  have  been  the  first  person 
to  establish  a  private  plantation  in 
Virginia. 

Hungerford,    Sir  John,  3.     Sub. 

£37  10s.  ;  pd.  .     Of   Down   Am- 

prev,  Gloucester  ;  knighted  in  1590  ; 
M.  ^  P.  County  Gloucester,  1597-98  ; 
and  for  Cricklade,  IGOJ— 11. 

Huusdon,  Lord.  —  Heury  Carey  or 
Gary. 

Hunt,  Rev.  Robert.  Probably 
Robert  Hunt,  A.  M.,  who  was  ap- 
pointed to  the  vicarage  of  Reculver, 
Kent,  January  18,  1594,  and  resigned 
in  1002.     (See  Richard  Bancroft.) 

Huntington,  Earl  of.  —  Henry 
Hastings. 

Huntley,  Sir  George,  3.  Sub. 
£75  ;  pd.  £25.  Son  of  John  Huntley, 
Esq.  He  was  lord  of  the  manor  of 
Woodchester,  Gloucestershire  ;  died 
in  1022  ;  married  a  daughter  of  Sir 
William  Wintour  of  Lydney. 

Huntley,  John,  2.     Sub.  ;  pd. 

£25.  Probably  the  father  of  Sir 
George  aforesaid. 

Hunton.     See  Hinton. 

Hyde.     See  Hide. 

Idiaques,  Don  Juan  de.     He  was 

chief  secretary  of  state  and  of  war  to 
Philip  II.  of  Spain,  and  one  of  his  con- 
fidential advisors  in  the  aft'airs  of  the 
great  Armada  of  1588.  Motley,  writ- 
ing of  him,  under  1007,  says,  "  But 
Don  John  of  Idiaquez,  who  had  really 
been  the  most  efficient  of  the  old  ad- 
ministration, still  remained  in  the 
council   [of   Pliilip   III.].  .   .  .  There 


930 


INFANTADO  —  IRBY 


was  no  disposition  on  the  part  of  the 
ancient  minister  to  oppose  the  new 
order  of  things.  A  cautious,  caustic, 
dry  okl  functionary,  talking  more  with 
his  shoulders  than  with  liis  tongue, 
determined  never  to  commit  himself, 
or  to  risk  shipwreck  by  venturing 
again  into  deeper  waters  than  those  of 
the  harbor  in  which  he  now  hoped  for 
repose,  Idiaquez  knew  that  his  day  of 
action  was  past."  (Motley's  "  United 
Netherlands,"  iv.  353,  354.) 

Infantado,  Duke  de.  Don  Rod- 
eric  Dias  de  Vivar  de  Hurtado  de 
Mendoza  Sandoval  de  la  Vega  et 
Luna,  seventh  Duke  of  Infantado,  who 
died  in  1657  without  issue. 

Ingrain,  Arthur,  esquire,  tallow- 
chandler,  3.  Sub.  £75;  pd.  £75.  Son 
of  Hugh  Ingram,  of  London,  mer- 
chant, by  his  wife,  Anne  Galthrope. 
His  parents  were  married  in  St.  Mary 
Woolnoth  Church,  London,  May  25, 
156'2,  and  he  was  probably  born  about 
1565-70.  He  became  a  member  of  the 
Tallowchandlers'  Guild,  and  an  active 
man  of  affairs;  comptroller  of  the  cus- 
toms for  London,  1608,  and  after ; 
M.  P.  for  Stafford,  1609-11  ;  M.  C. 
for  Va.  Co.,  1612  ;  member  E.  I  Co.; 
knighted  at  Theobald's,  July  9,  1613. 
He  married,  first,  Susan,  daughter  of 
Richard  Brown,  of  London,  by  whom, 
with  other  issue,  he  had  Arthur  (Sir), 
his  heir,  of  the  same  name,  knighted 
July  16,  1621,  with  whom  he  is  fre- 
quently confused.  His  first  wife  died 
prior  to  1613,  and  Chamberlaine  says 
he  married  (secondly),  early  in  Septem- 
ber, 1613,  "  a  young  widow,  Holyday, 
a  proper  woman,  worth  £3,000.  She 
had  withstood  an  army  of  wooers,  and 
I  think  now  lighted  on  the  worst." 
Burke  gives  her  maiden  name  as 
"Alice  Ferrers."  She  bore  her  hus- 
band  one    son,  and    died   in   October, 

1614.  Sir  Arthur  Ingram  was  chosen 
sheriff  of  London,  June  27,  1614,  but 
refused  to  serve  ;  was  sworn  cofferer 
to  the  king's  household,  February  25, 

1615,  and  displaced  in  Jidy  following. 
There  was  some  trouble  about  the 
office.  Chamberlaine  wrote  July  20, 
1615,  "He  means,  they  say,  to  retire 
to  his  place  at  York,  and  hath  con- 
tracted to  give  Sir  Edward  (ireville 
£22,000  for  the  best  of  his  lands,  and 
to  marrji  one  of  his  danr/kleis  and  heirs." 
He  had  made  extensive  purchases  in 


the  County  of  York,  including  the 
manor  of  Temple  Newsom  (from  the 
Duke  of  Lennox),  where  Lord  Darnley, 
the  king's  father,  was  born  ;  and  he 
was  also  interested  in  the  alum  mines 
in  that  county.  He  married,  thirdlj^, 
Mary,  daughter  of  Sir  Edward  Gre- 
ville.  He  was  sheriff  of  York,  1619  ; 
M.  P.  for  Appleby,  1621-22,  and  for 
York,  1624-25,  1625,  1626,  and 
1628-29.  He  died  in  1642,  and  was 
succeeded  by  his  son.  Sir  Arthur,  who 
died  in  1655,  whose  son,  Henry  In- 
gram, was  created  Viscount  Irvine  and 
Baron  Ingram,  May  23,  1661;  an  an- 
cestor of  the  IMarquis  of  Hertford. 

Ingram,  David.  Of  Barking,  Essex, 
and  aged  about  fifty  in  1582  ;  was  put 
ashore  by  Hawkins,  October  8,  1568, 
north  of  the  Bay  of  Tampico,  Mexico  ; 
traveled  northward,  and  within  twelve 
months  reached  the  Atlantic  coast 
"  about  50  leagues  from  Cape  Brittou," 
where  he  found  a  French  vessel,  which 
carried  him  and  his  two  comrades 
(Richard  Brown  and  Richard  Twide) 
to  England,  "  anno  1569."  He  was  ex- 
amined by  Walsingham  and  others  as 
to  America  to  the  southwest  of  "  Cape 
Britton,"  in  August,  1582,  and  the 
same  year  published  "The  Relation" 
of  his  travels  in  America  ;  which  was 
afterwards  used  by  Hakluj't  in  his 
edition  of  1589  ;  but  omitted  from  the 
edition  of  1599,  probably  because 
Ingram  had  evidently  drawn,  for  some 
of  his  descriptions,  on  Sir  Thomas 
Moi-e's  "  Utopia." 

Ingram,  Captain  John.  Member 
of  the  N.  W.  P.  Co.,  July  26,  1612. 
The  charter  "grants  to  Thos.  Button, 
captain  of  the  Resolution,  and  John 
Ingram,  master  of  the  Discovery,  and 
to  the  mariners  and  companies  of 
those  ships  who  set  to  sea  in  April, 
1612,  for  discovery  of  the  said  passage, 
and  to  their  executors  all  customs  from 
December  15,  1616,  to  December  15, 
1617."  I  take  him  to  be  John  Ingram, 
of  Milborne,  County  Cornwall,  who 
was  granted  a  pardon  for  piracy  De- 
cember 13,  1611. 

Ipswick,  BailiSes  of,  3.  Sub. 
;  pd.  £100. 

Ii'by,  Anthony,  esquire,  3.  Sub. 
£37  10s.  ;  pd.  £37  10s.  Of  Whap- 
load.  County  Lincoln  ;  was  bred  to  the 
law;  M.  P.  for  Boston,  1588-89; 
"  one  of  the  Masters  of  the  Bench  of 


ANNE 
^ucen  ol  Janiis  r 


IRBY  —  JAMES 


931 


the  Hon.  Society  of  Lincoln's-inn,  Lon- 
don, in  32  Eliz.  and  the  following-  year 
Autumn  Reader  to  the  Society.  His 
arms  were  depicted  in  the  third  win- 
dow of  the  chapel,  towards  the  north." 
(Collins.)  He  purchased  the  manors 
of  Moulton,  etc.,  38  Elizabeth  ;  was 
M.  P.  for  Boston,  1597-98,  IGOl, 
1G04-11,  1614,  and  1G21-22.  He  was 
also  au  alderman  and  the  recorder  of 
Boston.  May  23,  1G20,  he  transferred 
two  of  his  shares  in  Vii'ginia  to 
Sir  Nicholas  Tufton  ;  was  buried  in 
Whapload  Church,  October  G,  1G23. 
Richard  Bellingham  (afterwards  gov- 
ernor of  Ma.ssaclui.setts)  succeeded 
bim  as  recorder  of  Boston.  His  sou 
Anthony,  knighted  June  2,  1G24  (the 
ancestor  of  the  Lords  Boston),  married 
Elizabeth,  daughter  of  Sir  John  Pey- 
ton, Bart.,  of  Iselham,  County  Cam- 
bridge. 

Ironsides,  Richard,  leather-seller, 

2.     Sub. ;  pd.  £75.     Member   of 

the  Rus.,  E.  L,  and  N.  W.  P.  com- 
panies. He  died  in  1627,  and  lies  under 
"  A  fair  monument  on  the  Northside 
of  the  clianeel  of  St.  Faith's  in  Fariug- 
don  Ward  Within,  London." 

Isaacksoii,  Powell,  3.     Sub. ; 

pd. .     Son  of  William  Isaacson,  of 

Sheffield  in  County  Yorke,  by  Ellen, 
daughter  ot  Thomas  Waplade  of  Ban- 
bury, Com.  Oxford. 

Isham  George,  ironmonger,  2.  Sub. 

;  pd.   £37  lUs.     Also  of   N.  W. 

P.  Co. 

Jackson  (see  Juxon)  Henry,  2. 
Sub. ;  pd.  £25. 

Jacobson,  Peter,  of  Antwerp, 
merchant,  2.     Sub. ;  pd.  £50. 

Jacobson,  Philip,  of  Antwerp,  jew- 
eler, 2.  Sub.  £37  10s.  ;  pd.  £62  "lOs. 
Of  St.  Margarets  Parish,  in  Billings- 
gate ward,  Loudon  ;  one  of  the  king's 
jewelers  ;  was  the  sou  of  Jacob  Jacob- 
son  de  Antwerp.  March  18,  1614,  he 
bought  the  great  diamond  of  the  E.  I. 
Co.,  paying  £535  therefore. 

Jacques,  Gabriel.     Pd.  £25. 

Jadwine,  Thomas,  cutler.  Sub. 
£37  10s.  ;  pd.  £75.  Son  of  Will-am 
Jadwyn,  of  Barwick,  escpiire;  married 
Lucy,  daughter  and  heir  of  Sir  John 
Skillicorne,  of  Preshall,  in  County 
Lancaster,  knight.  I  tliink  the  above 
correct  ;  but  when  he  died,  in  1627,  his 
then  wife   (possibly  secoud  wife)  was 


named  Elizabeth.  (See  his  Will  in 
"New  Eag.  Reg.,"  October,  1888, 
p.  393.) 


^//M^%^ 


James  I.     See  Stuart. 

James,  Edward,  merchant-tailor, 
3.  Sub.  £37  10s.  ;  pd.  £1.  Of  E.  I. 
and  N.  W.  P.  companies. 

James,  Thomas,  1.  Of  Bristol, 
merchant.  William  James,  from  St. 
John's  Brecknock  and  afterwards  of 
WoUastou  and  Tidenham,  married 
Margaret  Warren.  Their  son,  Thomas 
James,  of  whom  I  write,  was  "  born  at 
Wollaston  and  married  at  Almonds- 
bury,  to  which  parish  he  left  a  small  leg- 
acy;" aided  in  sending  out  the  Mary- 
Howre  and  other  vessels  to  prey  upon 
the  shipping  of  Spain  in  1585  and  after. 
He  was  sheriff  of  Bristol  in  1591,  in 
which  year,  on  September  14,  he  wrote 
a  letter  to  Cecil  i-egarding  the  discov- 
ery of  the  Island  of  Ramea  near  New 
Foundland.  "  He  was  made  au  al- 
derman of  Bristol  in  1604,  was  mayor 
in  1605  and  1614,  and  represented  the 
city  in  three  Parliaments,  namely, 
1597-98,  1604-11,  and  1614."  M.  C. 
for  Va.,  November  20,  1606;  had  a 
dispute  with  John  Whitson  in  1016-17. 
"  He  died  in  January,  1619,  possessed 
of  considerable  property,  and  was  car- 
ried to  his  tomb  in  St.  Mark's  Chapel 
by  the  four  mayor's  Serjeants.  His 
effigy,  kneeling  in  prayer  with  an  open 
Bible  upon  his  desk,  may  yet  be  seen 
in  the  south  end  of  the  aisle  of  the 
Church  of  St.  Mark." 

He  left  four  sons  and  five  daugh- 
ters. The  eldest  son,  Thomas  James, 
chose  the  hgal  profession,  and  "be- 
came a  ricli  barrister  at  law  of  the 
Inner  Temple,  possessed  of  all  that 
was  calculated  to  make  life  easy  and 
happy  ;  w.as  interested  in  tiie  sup- 
posed North  West  Passage,  left  the 
(juietude  of  his  chambers,  and  adven- 
tured his  substance  and  his  life  in  a 
noble  attempt  to  solve  that  problem." 
He  made  his  voyage  in  tlie  Henrietta 
Maria,  of  70  tons,  from  May  2,  1631, 
to  October  22,  1632;  saw  sea  service 
before  and  after  thisj  died  m  1665. 


932 


JAMES  —  JONES 


Capt.  Thomas  James  wrote  an  ac- 
count of  his  "  Strange  and  Dangerous 
Voyage  in  his  intended  Discovery  of 
the  Northwest  Passage  into  the  South 
Sea,"  which  was  published  in  1633. 
"His  Map  is  a  singularly  correct  de- 
lineation of  the  high  latitudes  for  that 
time." 

James,  "William,  Lord  Byshopp  of 

Duresme,  3.    Sub. ;  pd. .    He 

was  chaplain  to  Robert  Dudley,  Earl 
of  Leicester,  and  was  the  last  of  his 
coat  that  was  with  him  in  his  sickness. 
Dean  of  Durham,  1596  ;  bishop,  1606; 
died  May  12,  1617. 

Jermyii,  Sir  Thomas,  3.  Sub. 
£37  10s. ;  pd.  £12  10s.  Of  Rushbrooke 
in  Suffolk;  M.  P.  Sudbury,  1588-89; 
knighted  by  the  Earl  of  Essex  before 
Rouen  in  1591;  M.  P.  Andover,  1604- 
11;  Bury  St.  Edmunds,  1021-22, 
1624-25,  1625,  1626,  1628-29,  1640, 
etc.;  was  comptroller  of  the  household 
to  King  Charles  I.,  and  father  of  the 
first  Earl  of  St.  Albans. 

Jewell,  James.     Pd.  £25. 

Jobson,  Humfiey,  gent.,  3.  Sub. 
;  pd.  £12  10s. 

Jobson,  Walter.     Pd.  £25. 

Jobson,  William.     Pd.  £25. 

Johnson,  Edward,  esquire.  Of  the 
Inner  Temple  ;  an  eminent  lawyer  ; 
patented  lands  in  Virginia  in  1(322  ; 
one  of  the  commissioners  for  the 
Caribbee  Islands  in  1637;  still  living 
in  1642. 

Johnson,  Humfrey,  gent.  Sub. 
£37  10s.;   pd. . 

Johnson,  Robert,  merchant- tailor. 
Pd.  £60. 

Johnson,  Robert,  grocer,  2.  Sub. 
£60 ;  pd.  £241.  He  was  a  brother  to 
John  Johnson,  of  Abbot's  Anne  in 
Hampshire,  Archdeacon  of  Worcester; 
sworn  a  free  brother  of  the  Grocers, 
January  15,  1586,  an  incorporator  of 
the  E.  L  Co.  in  1600  ;  a  director  of 
that  company  in  1606,  and  frequently 
thereafter;  an  incorporator  of  the  N. 
W.  P.  Co.,  and  one  of  the  purchasers 
of  the  Bermudas  Islands  in  1612.  On 
the  Court  of  Assistants  of  the  Grocers' 
Company,  1613;  an  incorporator  of  the 
B.  I.  Co.  in  1615.  He  was  "  Director 
of  The  Magazine,"  Deputy  Treasurer, 
and  M.  C.  for  Va.  Co.,  and  renter  of 
the  Grocers'  Company  in  1616;  sheriff 
of  London,  1617;  junior  warden  of  the 
Grocers  and  alderman  from  Cornhill 


ward  in  1618;  a  defeated  candidate  for 
treasurer  and  deputy  of  the  Va.  Co. 
in  1619  ;  recommended  to  that  com- 
pany as  a  lit  person  for  treasurer  b}' 
King  James  in  1620.  A  witness  in 
Bacon's  case,  1621.  On  October  22, 
1622,  the  New  England  Council  con- 
sulted Mr.  John  Selden  and  Mr.  Robert 
Johnson,  "  concerning  the  heads  of  ye 
new  Grand  Patteut."  He  was  a  mem- 
ber of  the  Smythe  faction  in  1623;  on 
the  commission  of  July  15,  1624,  for 
the  V^a.  Co.  affairs  ;  governor  of  the 
B.  I.  Co.  in  1625,  and  in  1626  he  is 
mentioned  as  then  "alderman  of  Lon- 
don, governor  of  Virginia  and  Bermu- 
das companies,"  etc.  He  had  a  house 
at  Bow,  and  Capt.  John  Bargrave  says, 
"  The  idea  of  taking  away  of  the  Pat- 
ent from  the  Virginia  Company  was 
hatched  at  Alderman  Johnson's  house 
at  Bow  at  the  King's  being  there." 

He  was  probably  the  author  of 
"Nova  Britannia"  (LXVIII.)  and  of 
"New  Life  of  Virginia"  (CCX.)  and 
as  these  show  a  knowledge  of  history, 
he  was  possibly  the  Robert  Johnson 
who  translated  from  Botero  "An  His- 
torical description  of  the  most  famous 
Kingdomes  and  Common-Weales  in 
the  Worlde,"  which  was  published  in 
1601,  and  again  with  additions  in  1603. 

He  left  an  only  daughter  and  sole 
heir,  Martha  Johnson,  who  married 
Timothy,  seventh  son  of  Sir  Thomas 
Middleton,  Lord  Mayor. 


r^s^^F^^^/ 


Johnson,    Sir    Robert,    2.     Sub. 

;  pd.  £56.    M.  P.  Monmouth,  1597 

and  1601;  clerk  of  the  Deliveries  of 
the  Ordnance  ;  knighted  at  White- 
hall, Jidy  10,  1604;  M.  P.  Monmouth, 
1604-11  and  1614. 

Johnson,  Thomas,  fishmonger,  2. 

Sub. ;    pd.    £62    10s.+£2.      A 

member  of  N.  W.  P.  Co. 

Johnson,  Thomas,  merchant-tailor. 
Pd.  £l+£25. 

Johnson,  William,  2.     Sub. ; 

pd.  £37  10s.  This  name  is  given  as 
Johnson  by  Stith;  but  I  take  it  to  be 
the  William  Janson  or  Jonson  who 
paid  £37  10s. 

Jones,  Francis,  esquire,  haber- 
dasher, 3.     Sub.  £37  10s.;    pd.  £37 


JONES— JUXON 


933 


lOs.  Sou  of  John  Jones,  of  Claverley 
in  the  County  of  Salop;  sheriff  of  Lou- 
don, 1610-11  ;  alderman  of  Aldgate 
ward  from  July  18,  1010;  N.  W.  P. 
Co.,  1612;  was  a  farmer  of  the  cus- 
toms; knighted  March  12,  1617;  lord 
mayor,  1620,  and  resigned  January  22, 
1621;  resided  at  Welford  and  had  a 
town-house  in  the  city  in  the  parish  of 
St.  Andrew's  Uudershaft;  died  at  Wel- 
ford in  1022. 

Jones,  Inigo.  The  great  architect; 
born  about  1.j73;  died  in  1652. 

Jones,  Zachary,  esquire,  2.  Sub. 
;  pd.  £10. 

Jousou  (Johnson),  Ben.  One  of 
the  most  celebrated  English  poets  ; 
poet  laureate  to  James  I.,  1619;  M. 
A.,  Oxford,  July  19,  1(520  ;  chronol- 
oger  of  London,  September  2,  1628; 
died  August  6,  1637,  and  was  buried 
in  Westminster  Abbey  under  a  tomb 
whose  only  inscription  was,  "  O  !  rare 
Ben  Johnson." 

Jordan  (Jourdan),  Samuel, 
emigrated  to  Virginia  at  an  early 
date;  was  a  member  of  the  first  Legis- 
lature in  America  "  convented  att 
James  city  in  Virginia  July  ye  30th, 
1619,"  as  a  representative  or  Burgess 
for  Charles  Citj',  and  served  on  an 
important  committee.  His  plantation, 
"  Jordan's  Jorney,"  was  one  of  the 
alliterative  names  which  soon  became 
the  fashion  in  the  colony,  e.  g. :  Pace's 
Pains,  Cawsey's  Care,  Chaplain's 
Choice,  etc.,  and  his  residence,  'Beg- 
gar's Bush,"  was  possibly  the  first  in 
the  colony  to  receive  a  name. 

"  December  10, 1620,  he  was  granted 
by  patent  450  acres  in  the  Territory 
of  Greate  Weyonoke,  Charles  Cittie." 
After  the  massacre  of  March  21,  102|, 
"Master  Samuel  Jorden  gathered  to- 
gether but  a  few  of  the  stragglers 
about  him  at  Beggar's  Bush,  where  he 
fortified  and  lived  in  despight  of  the 
enemy."  Governor  Francis  Wyatt 
wi'ote  from  Virginia  in  April,  1622, 
"  that  he  thought  fit  to  hold  a  few  out- 
lying places  including  the  Plantaeion 
of  Mr.  Samuel  Jourdans;  but  to  aban- 
don others  and  concentrate  the  Colo- 
nists at  Jamestown."  July  3,  1622, 
Mrs.  Mary  Tue  assigned  100  acres  of 
land  lying  in  Diggs  his  hundred  to 
Samuell  Jordan  of  Charles  Hundred, 
gentleman.  He  died  prior  to  April, 
1623,  leaving  a  wife,  Cicely  (born  in 


1600,  came  to  Virginia  in  the  Swan 
in  August,  1611)  and  at  least  two  chil- 
dren, Mary  and  Margaret  Jordan, 
both  born  in  Virginia. 

Three  or  four  days  after  Mr.  Jor- 
dan's death,  the  Rev.  Greville  Pooley 
courted  his  widow  and  thought  he  was 
accepted  ;  but  some  time  thereafter 
she  contracted  herself  to  Mr.  William 
Ferrar  before  the  governor  and  coun- 
cil, and  disavowed  the  former  contract. 
Parson  Pooley,  however,  was  not  will- 
ing to  be  passed  over,  and  laid  his 
claims  before  the  governor  and  coun- 
cil, "June  4,  1623,  they  examined 
Capt.  Isaac  and  j\Iary  Maddison  and 
Serj.  John  Harris  touching  the  sup- 
posed contract  of  marriage  between 
Mr.  Greville  Pooley  and  Mrs.  Cicely 
Jordan  3  or  4  days  after  her  hus- 
band's death."  It  was  too  knotty  a 
question  for  the  Virginia  court,  and 
they  referred  it  to  the  Council  in 
London,  and  on  April  24,  1624,  the 
depositions  in  the  case  wei-e  laid  on 
their  table,  and  after  reading  same, 
the  court  "  entreated  the  Rev.  Samuel 
Purchas  to  confer  with  some  civilians, 
and  advise  what  answer  was  fit  to  be 
returned  in  such  a  ease."  I  suppose 
this  was  the  first  breach  of  promise 
case  in  our  annals. 

I  am  greatly  tempted  to  discourse 
on  the  old  founder,  Samuel  Jordan  ; 
but  brevity  is  the  rule,  and  I  must  re- 
sist this  temptation.  He  was  probably 
married  more  than  once,  and  many 
very  good  people,  now  upholding  the 
country  in  letters  and  affairs,  claim 
descent  from  him. 

Joseph,  Captain  Benjamin.  He 
was  killed  in  a  fight  with  the  Portu- 
guese in  the  East  Indies  in  INIarch, 
1617,  while  captain  of  the  Globe  in 
the  service  of  the  E.  I.  Co.  He  is 
spoken  of  as  a  man  of  extraordinary 
note  and  respect. 

Joshua,  John,  gent.,  2.     Sub. ; 

pd.  £12  10s. 

Joy,  M.  "  Afterwards  gentleman 
of  the  King's  chappel." 

Juxon,  Thomas,  Sr.,  merchant- 
tailor,  2.      Sub. ;  pd.  £25.     Son 

of  John  Juxon,  of  London,  and  uncle 
of  William  Juxcm,  Bishop  of  London. 
He  was  of  the  N.  Fid.,  E.  I.,  and  X. 
W.  P.  comjianies  ;  died  in  1620.  (See 
Will  in  "N.  E.  Register,"  July,  1889, 
p.    304.)       Bishop    Juxon     attended 


934 


KEILE  —  KILLIGREW 


Charles  I.  on  the  scaffold,  and  to  him 
the  king  addressed  his  last  mysterious 
word,  "Remember." 

Keile,  Sir   John,   3.      Sub. ; 

pd.  £25. 

Kelke,  Sir  Charles,  2.     Sub. ; 

pd.  £25.  Of  Lincolnshire  ;  knighted 
at  Whitehall,  July  23,  1603. 

Kendall,  Master  Abraham.  Was 
on  Drake's  voyage  to  America,  1585— 
86  ;  proposal  to  leave  him  at  Roanoke, 
June  8,  1586  ;  on  Dudley's  voyage  to 
the  West  Indies,  1594—95.  He  died 
at  Porto  Bello  in  Central  America  in 
1597,  leaving  the  plans  and  papers  of 
which  Sir  Robert  Dudley  made  good 
use.  Dudley  said  that  John  Davis 
and  Abraham  Kendall  were  the  best 
and  most  expert  mariners  that  Eng- 
land ever  had. 

Kendall,  Captain  George.  Went 
to  Virginia  in  the  first  expedition  of 
1606-07,  and  was  executed  there  in 
the  fall  of  1607.  I  believe  that  he 
was  a  cousin  to  Sir  Edwin  Sandys. 
At  a  little  later  date  we  find  Edwin 
and  Miles  Kendall,  cousins  of  Sir 
Edwin  Sandys,  in  the  Bermudas,  and 
I  believe  all  these  Kendalls  to  belong 
to  the  same  family.  George,  Edwin, 
and  Miles  were  favorite  names  in  the 
Sandys  family.  Sir  Edwin  Sandys  of 
the  Ya.  Co.  had  a  first  cousin  of  the 
same  name  living  at  Latimers,  whose 
daughter  Dorothy  married  a  Mr. 
Kendall,  whose  pedigree  I  have  not 
found  ;  but  I  believe  Capt.  George 
Kendall  to  be  one  of  this  family. 

Keneridgebury,   Richard,    gent., 

2.     Sub. ;  pd.  £12  10s.     (So  in 

Stith  ;  but  the  correct  name  is  "  Rich- 
ard Knaresborough.") 

Kensington,  Lord.  —  Henry  Rich. 

Kent,  Henry.  Pd.  £25.  Probably 
Henry  Kent,  of  London,  haberdasher, 
or  his  son,  Henry  Kent,  Master  of 
Arts  and  fellow  of  King's  College  in 
Cambridge. 

Keth  (or  Keith),  Rev.  George. 
He  came  to  Virginia  in  1617  ^vitll  his 
wife  and  son.  His  wife  died  in  1624. 
He  held  a  patent  in  Elizabeth  City  in 
1626. 

Ketley  (or  Keightley),  Thomas, 

2.     Sub ;  pd. .     Was  one  of 

the  committee  of  directors  of  the  Va. 
Co.,  April  28,  1619  ;  an  active  mem- 
ber of  the  Sandys  party  ;  had  a  dif- 


ficulty with  William  Canning  in  1623 
over  the  voting  on  the  surrender  of 
the  Virginia  charter.  He  married 
"  Rose,  daughter  of  Thomas  Evelynge, 
of  Long  Ditton  in  Surrey,  Esq." 

Kettleby,  John,  gent.,  2.  Sub. 
;  pd.  £25. 

Keymis  —  Kemys,  Captain  La'w- 
rence.  Committed  suicide  while  in 
Guiana  with  Ralegh,  1617-18. 

Killigrew,  Sir  Robert,  2.  Sub. 
£75  ;  pd.  £110.  Of  Hauworth  and 
Lothburg  ;  eldest  sou  of  Sir  William 
Killigrew,  and  brother  to  Elizabeth 
Killigrew,  who  married  Sir  Maurice 
Berkelev  ;  M.  P.  for  St.  Mawes  in 
1601  ;  knighted  at  Hanworth,  July  23, 
1603  ;  M.  P.  for  Newport,  1604-11  ; 
M.  C.  for  Va.,  1607  ;  M.  C.  for  Va. 
Co.,  1609  ;  "  committed  to  the  Fleet 
prison  from  the  council  table  for  hav- 
ing some  little  speech  with  Sir  Thomas 
Overbury,  who  called  to  him  as  he 
passed  by  his  window,  as  he  came  from 
visiting  Sir  Walter  Ralegh  in  May, 
1613  ; "  M.  P.  for  Helston  in  1614  ; 
keeper  of  Pendennis  Castle  for  life, 
July  7,  1614  ;  granted  the  office  of 
prothonotary  of  chancerv,  etc.,  for  life, 
October  31,  1618  ;  M.  P.  for  Newport, 
1621-22  ;  succeeded  to  his  father's 
estate  in  November,  1622  ;  a  member 
of  the  commission  for  winding  up  the 
affairs  of  the  Va.  Co.  of  London,  July 
15,  1624.  According  to  the  "  Life  of 
Mr.  Nicholas  Ferrar,"  written  by  his 
brother,  John  Ferrar,  and  edited  by 
Dr.  Peckard  in  1790,  the  attested 
copies  of  the  MSS.  Records  of  the 
Va.  Co.  of  London  (1619-24),  now 
preserved  in  the  library  of  Congress 
at  Washington,  were  copied  for  Mr. 
Nicholas  Ferrar,  and  by  him  presented 
to  the  Earl  of  Southampton,  "  who 
was  afterwards  advised  not  to  keep 
them  in  his  own  house,  lest  search 
should  be  made  there  for  them  ;  but 
rather  to  place  them  in  the  hands,  and 
entrust  tliem  to  the  care,  of  some  par- 
ticular friend.  Which  advice,  as  the 
times  then  stood,  he  thought  proper  to 
follow.  He  therefore  delivered  them 
into  the  custody  of  Sir  Robert  Killi- 
grew, who  kept  them  safely  till  he 
died.  He  left  and  recommended  them 
to  the  care  of  Sir  Edward  Sackville, 
late  Earl  of  Dorset,  who  died  in  May, 
1652."  The  latter  part  of  this  state- 
ment must  be  an  error,  because  Killi- 


KILLIGREW  —  LAKE 


935 


grew  was  really  a  member  of  the  com- 
mission from  which  those  copies  were 
to  be  especially  concealed,  and  because, 
it  seems,  they  were  really  bought  by 
Colonel  Byrd  directly  from  the  bouth- 
ampton  estate. 

In  June,  1625,  Sir  Robert  Killi- 
grew  was  one  of  "  the  special  commis- 
sioners for  the  affairs  of  Virginia." 
M.  P.  for  Penryn,  1024-25;  for 
Cornwall,  1G25  ;  for  Tregony,  IGllG  ; 
and  for  Bodmin,  1027-28  ;  "  a  mem- 
ber of  the  special  commission  ap- 
pointed June  27,  1031,  for  the  better 
plantation  of  Virginia."  He  died  in 
JMay,  1033,  and  left  by  his  wife  jSIary, 
daughter  of  Sir  Henry  AVodehouse  of 
Xorfolk,  quite  a  large  family,  amongst 
whom,  Hcnrj',  Thomas,  and  Sir  Wil- 
liam Killigrew,  the  authors.  His  wife 
was  a  niece  to  Lord  Bacon,  and  he 
was  an  uncle  to  Sir  William  Berkeley, 
who  was  so  long  the  governor  of  Vir- 
ginia. 

Killviltagh,  Viscount. — Edward 
Conway. 

King,  John,  Bishop  of  London. 
Was  born  about  1559  ;  was  chaplain 
to  Queen  Elizabeth  ;  Archdeacon  of 
Xottingham  and  Dean  of  Christ 
Church  ;  consecrated  Bishop  of  Lon- 
don, September  8,  1011  ;  entertained 
Pocahontas  in  1010  ;  collected  £1,000 
towards  the  proposed  college  at  Hen- 
rico, Va.  ;  was  admitted  to  the  Va. 
Co.,  May  17,  1020,  and  chosen  one  of 
His  Majesty's  Council  for  Va.  Co. 
Died  March  30,  1021,  and  was  buried 
in  St.  Paul's. 

King,  Captain  John,  3.     Sub.  £37 

10s.  ;    pd.    .      Master    of    Prince 

Henry's  ship  about  1010.  (Possibly 
one  of  the  Captains  King  of  the  Vo.. 
Co.  went  with  Ralegh  to  Guiana  in 
1617.  The  only  one  of  his  officers 
who  remained  faithful  to  the  last, 
assisting  Ralegh  in  his  attempt  to 
escape.) 

King,  Ralph,  2.  Sub.  £37  10s.  ; 
pd.  £02  10s.  There  were  two  leading 
merchants  of  this  name  in  London  at 
tliis  time.  One,  a  vintner,  was  church- 
warden of  St.  Mary  Woolnoth,  and 
related  to  John  King,  Bishop  of  Lon- 
don. Tlie  other,  a  grocer,  wlio  got 
himself  into  trouble  with  the  English 
l.ast  India  Company  by  making  an 
adventure  to  the  East  Indies  in  a  ship 
of  Brest. 


Kingslynne,  Towne  of,  3.  Sub. 
• — —  ;  pd.  £75. 

Kirkham,  Walter,  esquire,  3. 
Sub. ;  pd.  £10. 

Kirrill.     See  Carvil. 

Kirrill,   Richard,   2.     Sub.  ; 

pd.  £37  10s.  (Kirrell,  Kerell,  Carril, 
C'arryll,  Caryll,  etc.  The  correct 
spelling  is  probably  Caryll.) 

Kaiaresborough.  See  Keneridge- 
bury. 

Knightley,  Richard,  esquire.  Eld- 
est son  of  Thomas  Knightley,  Esq.,  of 
Burghall,  Stafford  ;  born  about  1593; 
acquired  Fawsley  on  death  of  his  rela- 
tive. Sir  Valentine  (next),  in  1018  ; 
was  M.  P.  Xorthamptonshire,  1021- 
22, 1024-25, 1025,  and  1027-28;  sheriff 
of  that  shire  in  1026.  Died  November 
1,  1039. 

Knightley,  Sir  Valentine,  3. 
Sub.  £37  10s.  ;  pd.  £37  10s.  Son  of 
Richard  Knightley  of  Northampton  ; 
was  M.  P.  for  Tavistock,  1584r-85, 
1580-87  ;  for  Northampton,  1593,  and 
for  Countv  of  Northampton,  1004-11; 
knighted  May  11,  1003;  N.  W.  P.  Co., 
1012.      Died 'December  9,  1018. 

Knollys,  Captain  Francis.  After- 
wards knighted  in  Holland  ;  was  the 
elder  brother  of  AVilliam  Lord  Knol- 
lys ;  was  M.  P.  for  city  of  Oxford, 
1575  to  1589,  and  for  Berkshire,  1597 
and  1000-11. 

Knollys,  "William  Lord,  3.     Sub. 

;   pd.  .     Second  son  of   Sir 

Francis  Knollys  by  his  wife,  Catharine 
Cary  (first  cousin  to  Queen  Elizabeth). 
He  was  M.  P.  for  Tregony,  1572-83  ; 
County  Oxford,  1584-85,  1593,  1597- 
98,  and  1001  ;  was  knighted  about 
1590-92  ;  created  Baron  Knollys,  May 
13,  1003,  Viscount  Wallingford,  1016, 
and  Earl  of  Banbury,  1020  ;  was  suc- 
cessively comptroller  of  the  household, 
1590  ;  treasurer  of  the  household, 
1001;  master  of  wards,  1016;  Knight 
of  the  Garter,  1015.  Died  Ma}'  25, 
1032,  aged  88.  (  Vide  Burke,  "  Extinct 
Peerage.")  He  was  an  uncle  to  Lord 
De  la  Warr,  the  first  lord  governor  of 
Virginia. 

Lake,  Sir  Thomas.  He  was  first 
employed  by  Sir  Francis  Walsingham 
as  an  amanuensis.  By  his  recom- 
mendation Queen  Elizabeth  appointed 
him  clerk  of  the  signet.  He  was 
knighted   by  King  James   at   Green- 


936 


LANCASTER  —  LAWRENCE 


wich,  May  20,  1603  ;  of  N.  W.  P.  Co., 
1612  ;  made  a  privy  councilor  in  1614, 
and  joined  principal  secretary  of  state 
with  Sir  Ralph  Winwood  in  January, 
1616,  at  which  time  he  was  a  pensioner 
of  Spain.  His  daughter  married  Wil- 
liam Cecil,  Lord  Roos,  and  he  became 
involved  in  the  family  troubles  with 
the  Countess  of  Exeter  of  1618-19, 
which  resulted  in  the  loss  of  his  sec- 
retaryship. He  died  September  17, 
1630,  and  was  buried  October  19,  fol- 
lowing at  Stanmore  Parva,  Middlesex. 
He  is  one  of  Fuller's  Worthies  of 
Hampshire. 

Lancaster,  Sir  James.  Of  the  E. 
I.  and  N.  W.  P.  companies  ;  the  cele- 
brated navigator  ;  a  native  of  Bish- 
opstoke  in  Hampshire  ;  sailed  on  a 
voyage  to  the  East  Indies  in  1591  ; 
returning,  was  wrecked  on  the  island  of 
Moua  in  the  West  Indies,  1592;  was 
an  incorporator  and  director  of  the 
first  E.  I.  Co.,  December  31,  1600  ; 
sailed  for  the  East  Indies  on  the  first 
voyage  of  the  E.  I.  Co.  in  1601,  and 
after  his  return  was  knighted  at  Win- 
chester in  October,  1603  ;  "  possessed 
of  some  wealth,  lived  in  his  house  in 
St.  Mary  Axe,  and  actively  promoted 
all  voyages  of  discovery.  He  died  in 
1618." 

Landman,  Christopher.  Sub.  £37 
10s.;  pd.  £50.  Clerk  of  the  robes 
and  wardrobe  to  Henry,  Prince  of 
Wales.  He  was  one  of  the  book- 
keepers of  the  E.  I.  Co.  in  1614,  when 
be  was  applauded  as  one  of  the  most 
perfect  and  sufficient  accountants  in 
London. 

Landman,  John.     Pd.  £25. 

Lane,  Captain  Ralph.  "Second 
son  of  Sir  Ralph  Lane,  of  Orlingbury, 
and  his  wife  Maud,  daughter  of  Wil- 
liam Lord  Parr,  uncle  of  Queen 
Katherine  Parr.  He  was  born  in 
Northamptonshire  about  1530;  entered 
the  queen's  service  in  1563  ;  was  an 
equerry  in  her  court  ;  served  with 
credit  against  the  rebellion  of  1569. 
Stow  describes  him  as  "  a  projecting 
man,"  "  a  great  projector  in  those 
times;"  in  1574-75  he  had  a  project 
for  raising  trooj)S  in  Kn<rlaiid  to  serve 
against  the  Turks;  in  1576  he  "  would 
have  monopolized  to  himself  the  com- 
mission for  the  restoration  of  archerj'," 
etc.,  and  had  several  other  projects  ; 
was  interested  in  Frobisher's  voyages. 


1576-78  ;  proposed  sundry  projects 
against  the  Spaniards,  the  kings  of 
Fez  and  Algiers,  etc.,  1577-82  ;  in 
1584  he  proposed  to  the  lord  treasurer 
to  execute  certain  laws  against  "  the 
strangers "  forced  to  England  "  by 
reason  of  the  civil  wars  in  the  Parts 
beyond  seas; "  in  1584  he  has  certain 
schemes  for  Lreland  ;  February  8, 
1585,  the  queen  relieved  him  from  his 
government  of  Kerry  and  Clan  Morris, 
"  in  consideration  of  his  ready  under- 
taking the  Voyage  to  Virginia  for  Sir 
Walter  Ralegh  at  her  Majesty's  com- 
mandment." On  the  expedition  to 
Roanoke,  1585-86  ;  member  of  the 
council  of  war,  preparing  the  defense 
of  England  against  the  Spaniard,  No- 
vember, 1587  ;  February  14,  1588,  he 
presented  Burleigh  with  a  project  for 
raising  troops  of  horse  ;  in  1589  he 
was  a  colonel  in  the  expedition  of 
Drake  and  Norris  to  Portugal.  Late 
in  1589  he  had  a  project  about  a  silver 
mine  at  Penrhyn  (Penduis  ?)  "  dis- 
closed to  him  by  a  mineral  man  named 
Hugo  Cant  of  Prague." 

He  was  evidently  a  "  projecting 
man,"  and  continued  to  present  Bur- 
leigh with  projects  and  proposals  of 
various  kinds  as  long  as  he  lived. 
"  He  was  made  muster-naaster  general 
in  Ireland,  where  he  was  dangerously 
wounded  ;  was  knighted  by  Lord 
Dejjuty  Fitzwilliam  in  1593,  and  died 
in  1604  or  1605. 

Langham  —  Langam,  Captaine 
George.  "  Of  London,  merchant,  one 
of  the  Captaines  of  the  city  of  Lon- 
don." Was  still  living  at  the  Herald's 
Visitation  of  London,  1634,  when  he 
records  his  pedigree. 

Langton  —  Laughton,    Thomas, 

fishmonger,  2.     Sub.  ;   pd.   £62 

10s.  "Son  of  Thomas  Langton,  of 
London,  who  came  out  of  Lincoln- 
shire." Churchwarden  of  St.  Stephen's 
in  Wallbrooke,  London,  in  1613. 

(The  names  Langton,  Langston, 
Longton,  Longston,  Langhton,  etc.,  all 
seem  to  be  used  for  the  same  per- 
son.) 

Latham,  Peter,  gent.,  2.  Sub. 
;    pd.  £12  10s. 

Lawrence,  William.  Pd.  £12 10s. 
He  was  probably  a  brother  of  Mr. 
John  Lawrence,  who  bought  a  share  in 
Virginia  from  Sir  Thomas  Gates  June 
23,  1620. 


LAWSON  —  LEMOS 


937 


Lawson,    Captain     Thomas,     2. 

Sub.  ;    pd.    £1'J    10s.     Came   to 

Virginia. 

La^ATsoD.     See  Lewson. 

Leate  (or  Leake),  Nicholas,  iron- 
monger, 3.  Sub.  £37  10s.;  pd.  £25. 
In  1.j83  he  was  on  the  committee  of 
the  Mus.  Co.  appointed  to  confer  with 
Mr.  Carleill  upon  his  intended  dis- 
covery, etc.,  in  North  America.  In 
1597,  Gerarde  says,  "  He  was  greatly 
in  love  with  rare  and  fair  flowers,  for 
which  he  doth  carefully  send  into 
Syria,  and  many  other  countries." 
An  incorporator  of  the  E.  I.  Co.  in 
IGOO;  a  director  in  1607,  and  fre- 
quently thereafter  ;  a  member  of  the 
committee  concerning  the  plantation 
in  Ulster,  January  28,  1609  ;  one  of 
those  who  sent  out  Hudson  to  the 
Northwest  in  1610  ;  an  incorporator 
and  director  of  the  N.  W.  P.  Co.  in 
1612  ;  master  of  the  Ironmongers  in 
1616.  "  On  the  24th  March,  1616,  a 
commission  was  granted  to  him  and 
John  Dike,  to  tit  out  a  ship  to  take 
pirates  and  sea-rovers  ;  his  services 
were  very  valuable  in  securing  the  re- 
demption of  captives  from  the  Turks, 
the  Dey  of  Algiers,  &c."  He  was  rec- 
ommended to  the  Va.  Co.  by  the  king 
in  1622,  as  a  fit  person  for  deputy  ;  on 
the  Virginia  Commission  of  July  15, 
1624  ;  master  of  the  Ironmongers  in 
1626  and  1627.  He  died  June  10, 
1631,  and  his  portrait  (supposed  to  be 
by  Daniel  Mytens),  was  presented  to 
the  company  b}'  his  sons  and  execu- 
tors, Richard  and  Huet  Leate,  and  it  is 
now  in  the  Ironmongers'  Hall.  He 
was  captain  of  one  of  the  city  trained 
bands,  "  a  very  grave,  wise,  and  well- 
affected  cittizen  ;  who  toke  very  great 
paynes  "  in  many  public  improvements 
about  Loudon,  as  well  as  in  horticul- 
tural pursuits. 

Leavet.     See  Lever. 

Lee  (Leigh,  etc.),  Sir  Francis,  3. 
Sub.  £37  10s.;  pd.  £33  6s.  8d.  He 
was  the  grandson  of  Sir  Thomas  Lee, 
the  Lord  Mayor  of  London  in  1558, 
and  the  son  of  Sir  William,  of  King's 
Newenham  in  County  Warwick,  by 
his  wife  Frances,  daughter  of  Sir 
James  Harington,  of  Exton.  He  was 
made  a  Knight  of  the  Bath  at  the 
coronation  of  James  I.;  was  M.  P.  for 
Oxford,  1601  and  1604-11. 

He  married  the  Hon.  Mary  Egerton, 


daughter  of  Thomas  Lord  EUesraere, 
lord  chancellor  of  England.  Their 
son,  Francis  Leigh,  was  created  Earl 
of  Chichester. 

Lee   (or  Leigh),  Henry,  gent.,  2. 

Sub. ;    j)d.    £12    10s.     Came    to 

Virginia  in  1608,  and  died  there  in 
1609. 

Lee,  Hugh.  "  November  8,  1611, 
grant  to  Hugh  Lee  of  the  office  of 
consul  for  the  merchants  trading  to 
Lisbon  and  Portugal." 

Leedes,    Sir    Thomas,    3.       Sub. 

£37     10s.;     pd.  .      Of    Suffolk; 

made  a  Knight  of  the  Bath  at  the 
coi'onation  of  James  I.,  July  25, 1603. 

Legate,  John,  gent.,  3.     Sub.  £37 

10s.;  pd. .     "Clerk  of  the  check 

at  Cliatliani." 

Leicester,  Earl  of.  —  Robert  Dud- 
ley and  Robert  Sidney. 

Leigh  —  Lee,  Captain  Charles. 
"  Son  of  John  Leigh,  Esq.,  of  Adding- 
ton  in  Surrey,  by  his  wife  Joane, 
daughter  and  heir  of  .John  Oliph,  of 
Foxgrave  in  Kent,  gentleman,  and  al- 
derman of  London."  Charles  Leigh's 
grandmother,  Ann  Carew,  was  sister 
to  Sir  Nicholas  Carew,  the  grandfather 
of  Sir  Walter  Ralegh's  wife.  He  was 
on  a  voyage  to  Ramea,  in  the  Gulf  of 
St.  Lawrence,  in  1597  ;  on  the  West 
India  voyage  of  the  Earl  of  Cumber- 
land in  1598,  "  on  the  4th  of  May  he 
left  the  fleet,  and  in  his  owne  Barke, 
called  the  Blacke  Lee,  runne  himselfe 
alone  for  the  River  of  Orenoque."  He 
sailed  to  plant  a  colony  in  Guiana  on 
March  21,  1604  ;  died  there  March 
20,  1605,  and  tlie  colony  was  aban- 
doned. 

Leigh  —  Lee,  Sir  Olive  (or  Ol- 
iph). Of  Addington;  born  November 
24,  1559  ;  the  elder  brother  of  Capt. 
Charles  Leigh.  The  vessel  which  he 
sent  (April  14,  1605)  to  the  relief  of 
his  brother's  colony  never  reached 
there.  Sir  Oliph  Leigh  died  March 
14,  1612.  (Sir  Thomas  Leigh  (1639- 
77),  a  great-grandson  of  Sir  Oliph 
Leigh,  married  Hannah  Rolfe,  who  is 
said  to  have  been  a  descendant  from 
John  Rolfe  and  Pocahontas  of  Vir- 
ginia.) 

Lemos,  Count.  "  Pedro  Juan, 
Count  de  Lemos,  born  1564;  president 
of  Council  of  the  Indies,  1603  ;  distin- 
guishes himself  at  siege  of  Ostend, 
1604  ;  captain-general,  1604  ;  viceroy 


938 


LENNARD  — LODGE 


of  Naples,  1612  ;  died  at  Valladolid 
December,  1634."     (Cates.) 

Lennard,  Sir  Samuel,  3.  Sub. 
£37  10s.;  pd.  £62  10s.  Of  West 
Wickham  in  Kent ;  born  in  1553  ; 
knighted  Jnly  23,  1603  ;  benefactor  of 
Hayes  ;  buried  April  15,  1618.  He 
married  Elizabeth,  daughter  of  Sir 
Stephen  Slany,  alderman  of  London. 

Lenox,  Duke  of. —  Ludovic  Stuart. 

Leppington,  Lord.  —  Robert  Carey 
or  Gary. 

Lerma,  Duke  of.  Francisco  de 
Roxas  de  Sandoval,  Duke  of  Lerma, 
born  about  1545-50.  As  Marquis  of 
Denia  he  was  the  chamberlain  to  Don 
Philip,  who,  when  he  succeeded  to  the 
Spanish  throne,  in  1598,  as  Philip  III., 
created  his  faithful  chamberlain,  Duke 
of  Lerma,  prime  minister  of  Spain,  etc. 
He  became  the  wealthiest  and  most 
powerful  man  in  Spain,  "  the  power 
behind  the  throne,  greater  than  the 
throne  itself."  In  1599  he  equipped 
a  fleet  against  England  ;  1602,  sent  a 
fleet  to  assistance  of  the  Irish,  which 
was  dispersed  by  a  storm  ;  1604,  con- 
cluded peace  with  England.  He  en- 
gaged Cervantes  to  write  an  account 
of  the  festivities  and  bull-fights  with 
which  the  Earl  of  Nottingham,  am- 
bassador of  King  James  of  England, 
was  received  at  Valladolid  in  1605, 
Vv^hen  the  treaty  of  August  18,  1604, 
was  ratified  on  June  15,  1605;  in  1608 
negotiated  a  truce  with  the  Dutch; 
September  11,  1609,  procured  decree 
for  proscription  of  the  Moors.  No- 
vember, l6l6,  Carew  wrote,  "  The 
Duke  of  Lerma  holds  his  greatness  : 
yet  [it  is]  somewhat  diminished  by 
reason  of  a  distraction  betweene  him 
and  his  son  the  Duke  of  Uzeda." 
January,  1617,  welcomed  Lord  Roos  as 
English  ambassador  to  Spain  ;  1618, 
supplanted  by  his  soti,  the  Duke  of 
Uzeda,  and,  apprehending  a  storm, 
took  shelter  under  a  cardinal's  hat  ; 
created  a  cardinal  by  Paul  V.,  he  re- 
tired to  Valladolid,  whei'e  he  took  part 
in  the  services  of  the  church,  passing 
his  old  age  in  devotion  and  exercises 
of  piety.     He  died  in  1625. 

Lever,  Thomas,  2.  Sub.  £37  10s. ; 
pd.  £62  10s.  (This  name  occurs  as 
Lever,  Leavat,  and  Leverat.)  He  was 
a  member  of  the  E.  I.  and  N.  W.  P. 
companies  also. 

Leveson,  Sir  John,  3.     Sub.  £37 


10s.;  pd.  £37  10s.  Of  Haling,  Kent, 
and  LilleshuU,  Salop  ;  M.  P.  for  Bos- 
siney,  1584  ;  knighted  befoi-e  1597  ; 
M.  P.  for  Maidstone,  1597-98  and 
1601,  and  for  Kent,  1604-11.  He  died 
about  December,  1613. 

Leveson,  Richard,  esquire.  Second 
son  of  the  foregoing  Sir  John  Leve- 
son. M.  P.  for  Newcastle-under- 
Lyne,  1024-25;  made  a  Knight  of  the 
Bath  at  the  coronation  of  Charles  L; 
M.  P.  for  Salop  in  1626,  and  for  New- 
castle-nnder-Ljaie,  1640-44  ;  Even- 
tually inherited  the  LilleshuU  estate. 
Died  in  1661,  without  issue,  the  last 
male  of  the  Levesous  of  LilleshuU. 

Levett,  John,  merchant,  2.     Sub. 

;  pd.  £25.     (The  names.  Lever, 

Leavat,  Leverat,  Levet,  Levette,  Lev- 
erette,  etc.,  are  very  confusing  in  the 
old  records.)  Mr.  Christopher  Levette 
patented  lands  in  Virginia,  and  was  a 
member  of  the  New  England  Coun- 
cil. 

Lewellin,   Morris,  2.     Sub. ; 

pd.  £37  10s.     Of  the  E.  I.  Co. 

Lewis,  Edward,  grocer,  2.     Sub. 

;    pd.    £37    10s.     Sworn   to   the 

freedom  in  June,  1593  ;  still  on  the 
Grocers'  books  in  1620. 

Lewson   (or  Law^son),  William, 

mercer,  2.     Sub. ;  pd.   £37  10s. 

Admitted  to  the  Mercers  by  patri- 
mony in  1605. 

Lichfield,    Nicholas,    esquire,    3. 

Sub. ;  pd.  £6  5s.     (See  John  Mid- 

dleton.) 

Lincoln,  Earl  of.  —  Henry  Clinton. 

Lindesey,  Captain  Richard,  2. 
Sub. ;  pd.  £25. 

Lisle,  Viscount.  —  Robert  Sidney. 

Litton  (or  Lytton),  "William,  es- 
quire, 3.     Sub. ;  pd.  £37  10s.     Of 

Knebworth,  Herts  ;  eldest  son  of  Sir 
Rowland  Lytton;  November  13,  1620, 
lie  transferred  his  three  shares  in  Vir- 
ginia to  Captain  Harvey.  He  was 
knighted  July  23, 1624;  was  M.  P.  for 
County  Herts,  1624-25, 1628-1  9,  1640, 
and  1640,  till  secluded  in  1648;  mar- 
ried Anne,  daughter  of  Stephen  Slaney, 
Esq.;  died  August  14,  1660,  aged  71, 
and  was  buried  at  Knebworth.  An- 
cestor of  Lord  Lytton. 

Lodge,  Francis.     Pd.  £25. 

Lodge,   Luke,  2.     Sub. ;   pd. 

£25. 

Lodge,  Peter.  Pd.  "  in  stockins," 
£12  10s. 


LODGE  —  LOVELACE 


939 


Lodge,  Sir  Thomas,  grocer.  Al- 
derman of  Loudon,  1554:  ;  sheriff, 
1559;  lord  mayor  and  knight,  15G2; 
a  leading  man  in  the  Merchant  Ad- 
venturers, traded  to  Russia,  etc.;  was 
interested  in  the  Hawkins  voyages, 
l')G'2-G9.  During  his  mayoralty 
(15G2)  he  had  a  terriole  scrape  vvitii 
Queen  Elizabeth  over  half  a  dozen 
capons;  died  in  1583;  was  the  father 
of  the  poet. 

Lodge,  Thomas.  The  poet;  sou  of 
Sir  Thomas  Lodge  ;  "  a  servitor  of 
Trinity  College,  Oxford  ;  "  "  studied 
law  at  Lincoln's  Inn;  but  afterwards 
practised  medicine; "  took  the  degree 
of  M.  D.  at  Avignon;  first  a^ipeared 
as  an  author  in  1579;  as  "  T.  Lodge; " 
from  1584  to  1595,  inclusive,  as  "  T. 
Lodge  of  Lincolne's  Inne,  gentleman;" 
and  during  this  period  most  of  his 
poetical  works  appeared.  In  1602 
"  Tho.  Lodge,  Doctor  in  Physicke  " 
translated  Josephus.  In  1603,  under 
the  same  address,  he  publi.slied  "  A 
Treatise  of  the  Plague,"  and  although 
he  gives  certain  cures  for  the  same, 
he  died  of  the  plague  in  September, 
1605. 

Lok  or  Lock,  Michael.  Son  of 
Sir  William  Lock,  alderman,  etc.;  was 
born  in  1532;  left  school.  1545;  "trav- 
eled 32  years  (1545-77)  through  al- 
most all  the  countries  of  Ciiristianity; " 
was  captain  of  a  ship  for  three  years 
in  divers  voyages  in  the  Levant;  had 
knowledge  in  languages  and  in  all 
matters  appertaining  to  the  traffic  of 
merchants.  Hakluyt  used  some  of  his 
MSS.  and  maps;  a  Merchant  Adven- 
turer; intei'ested  in  Frobisher's  voy- 
ages, 1576-78  ;  still  living  in  1612, 
when  he  published  his  English  trans- 
lation of  Peter  Martyr's  "  Eight  Dec- 
ades of  the  History  of  the  West  In- 
dies," dedicated  to  his  son-in-law.  Sir 
Julius  Cresar.  He  married,  first,  Joane 
Wilkinson,  and,  secondly,  the  widow 
of  Dr.  Csesar,  the  motlier  of  Sir  Ju- 
lius. Jolin  Locke,  the  philosopher,  de- 
scended from  him,  (In  Queen  Mary's 
reigti  his  sister  Rose  and  her  Inisband 
Anthony  Hickman  "  sheltred  manie  of 
the  godlie  Preachers  (Fox,  Hooper, 
Knox,  etc.)  in  theirc  house.") 

Londonderry,  Earl  of. ^Thomas 
Ridgeway. 

Lore.     See  Van  Lore. 

Lorkin,  Rev.  Thomas.     He  seems 


to  have  been  a  traveling  tutor  to 
Thomas  Puckering  about  1611,  and 
after  to  a  son  of  tho  Earl  of  Mon- 
mouth. He  was  secretary  to  the  em- 
bassy at  Paris  at  the  end  of  the  reign 
of  King  James  and  the  beginning  of 
King  Charles,  and  is  thought  to  have 
perislied  in  a  storm  at  sea  in  Novem- 
ber, 1625,  when  bringing  dispatches 
from  Paris  to  England. 

Love,  Thomas.  Of  Plymouth  ; 
member  of  the  African  Company  in 
1618.  I  take  him  to  be  the  Capt. 
Thomas  Love,  afterwards  of  the  New 
England  Company  and  Council.  lu 
the  Algiers  voyage  of  1620  (see  Mau- 
sell).  Knighted  at  Plymouth,  Sep- 
tember 23,  1625. 

Lovelace,  Sir  Richard,  3.     Sub. 

;    pd.    £25.      Seated    at    Hurley, 

Berks  ;  knighted  August  5,  1599; 
M.  P.  Berks,  1601,  Abingdon,  1604- 
11,  Windsor,  1614,  and  Berks  again, 
1621-22;  sheriff  of  Berkshire  in  1611; 
created  Lord  Lovelace  of  Hurley,  May 
30,  1627;  died  in  1634.  Fuller  says, 
"  He  had  the  success  to  light  on  the 
Ku)g  of  Spain's  West  Indian  fleet  ; 
where  with  he  and  his  posterity  are 
the  warmer  to  this  day."  ("  Worthies 
of  Berkshire.") 

Lovelace,  Captain  William,  2. 
Sub. ;  pd. . 

Lovelace,  Sir  William,  3.  Sub. 
;  pd. .  Sir  William  Love- 
lace, of  Bethersden  in  Kent,  who,  I 
think,  was  knighted  in  Ireland  in  1599; 
married  Elizabeth,  sister  of  Anthony 
Aucher,  Esq.,  and  died  in  1629,  leav- 
ing with  other  issue  a  son.  Sir  Wil- 
liam Lovelace,  of  Woolwich,  Kent 
(whom  I  take  to  be  the  Capt.  Wil- 
liam of  the  Virginia  charter.  May, 
1609).  He  was  knighted  at  Theo- 
bald's, September  20,  1(:09;  M.  P.  for 
Canterbury,  1614.  "  February  12, 
1617,  Captain  Argall  and  his  asso- 
ciates, here  under  named,  allowed  sev- 
erall  Bills  of  Adventure  for  transport 
of  24  persons,  at  their  charge  to  Va. 
viz.  :  Sir  William  Lovelace,  1  Bill  of 
£25  ;  Sir  Antlio.  Ancher,  1  Bill  of 
£50;  Mabell  Lady  Cullamore,  1  Bill 
of  £50  ;  John  Argall,  Esq.,  1  Bill  of 
£50;  John  Tredescant,  1  Bill  of  £.5; 
Capt.  Sam.  Argall,  1  Bill  of  £100." 
(Va.  Records.)  Sir  William  of  Wool- 
wicli  married  Anne,  daughter  of  Sir 
William  Barzies,  and  was  the  father, 


940 


LOWER  —  MANNERING 


I  think,  of  Mabell  Lady  Cnllamore 
and  of  Richard  Lovelace,  the  poet. 
He  was  of  an  elder  branch  of  the 
Barons  Lovelace.  Col.  Francis  Love- 
lace, probably  a  brother  to  the  poet, 
came  to  Virginia  about  1650. 

LoAver,  Sir  William,  3.  Sub. 
£37  10s.;  pd.  £37  10s.  Was  of  Tre- 
venty.  County  Carmarthen,  son  of 
Thomas  Lower,  Esq.,  of  St.  Winnow, 
Cornwall  ;  sheriff  of  Cornwall,  1578  ; 
M.  P.  Bodmin,  1601,  and  for  Lost- 
withiel,  1604-11;  knighted  March  11, 
1603  ;  married  Benelope,  daughter  of 
Sir  Thomas  Parrott,  and  died  in  Wales, 
April  12,  1615.  His  widow,  in  1619, 
married  Sir  Robert  Naunton. 

Lukin  (Le-wkin,  etc.),  Mr.  Ed- 
ward, gent.  Sub.  £37  10s,;  pd.  £87 
10s.  "  December  23,  1618.  Mr.  Ed- 
ward Lukin  renouncing  his  Prizes  in 
ye  Lotteries  is  to  have  a  Bill  of  Ad- 
venture of  £25."     (Va.  Records.) 

Lulls,  Arnold,  goldsmith  or  jew- 
eler, 2.     Sub. ;  pd.  £50.     Also  of 

the  E.  I.  and  N.  W.  P.  companies. 
(Mr.  Stith  has  this  name  as  "  Hulls.") 

Maddison,  Captain  Isaac.  He 
came  to  Virginia  in  1608,  where  he  was 
employed  in  discovering  the  covmtry, 
probably  in  making  maps  of  the  rivers, 
etc.,  which  possibly  accounts  for  the 
fact  tliPt  his  name  is  not  given  in  the 
Smith  lists  of  arrivals  for  that  year. 
He  went  to   England  on  business  in 

1620,  and  while  there,  in  recognition 
of  his  services  in  Virginia,  on  July  10, 

1621,  he  was  granted  two  shares  of 
land.  He  was  a  leading  man  in  Vir- 
ginia, and  after  the  massacre  of  March, 

1622,  was  actively  employed  against 
the  Indians.  In  February,  1624,  him- 
self and  his  wife  were  living  at  West 
and  Sherley  Hundred  ;  but  he  died 
before  January,  1625,  leaving  250 
acres  of  land,  planted  in  the  corpora- 
tion of  Charles  City.  President  James 
Madison  is  said  to  have  been  a  mem- 
ber of  the  same  family. 

Maddox,  Thomas.  Pd.  £25.  He 
sold  his  two  shares  in  Virginia  to  Mr. 
Stubbs,  November  13,  1620. 

Maguel,  Francis.  Probably  the 
same  person  mentioned  in  the  fol- 
lowing abstract  froni  "  English  State 
Papers,  Domestic,"  vol.  viii.  No. 
79:  — 

"  December  16, 1610.     Examination 


of  Francis  Maguer,  sailor  of  Ratcliffe, 
near  London.  His  meeting  with  Father 
Patrick,  who  tried  to  persuade  him  to 
join  some  troops  to  be  sent  by  the 
King  of  Spain,  to  persuade  the  Irish 
to  rebel.  Plots  to  seize  Dublin  Castle 
and  to  send  the  Irish  regiment  from 
Flanders  to  Ireland.  Met  the  Earl 
of  Tyrone  and  Sir  William  Stanley  at 
the  Spanish  court." 

Francis  Maguel,  Maguer,  or  Ma- 
guire  (?)  was  probably  an  adventurer 
or  a  spy.  Tyrone  and  Stanley  were 
both  regarded  in  P^ngland  as  traitors 
(one  Irish,  the  other  English)  to  Eng- 
land at  the  court  of  Spain,  and  both 
were  kept  informed  I'egarding  affaii'S 
in  England  by  correspondents. 

Maile  (or  Moyle),  Thomas,  gent., 
2.     Sub. ;  pd.  £37  10s. 

Main^waring.     See  Mannering. 

Mallet,  Sir  John.  Of  Enmore, 
County  Somerset  ;  married  Mary, 
daughter  of  Sir  John  Popham,  chief 
justice  of  the  King's  Bench  ;  was 
made  a  Knight  of  the  Bath  at  the 
coronation  of  King  James,  July  25, 
1603  ;  M.  C.  for  Va.,  March  9,  1607  ; 
was  living  in  1614,  but  probably  died 
before  1620. 

Mallory,  Sir  John,  2.     Sub. ; 

pd. .     Of  Studley,  County  York, 

son  of  Sir  William  Mallory,  by  Ursula, 
daughter  of  George  Gale  ;  M.  P.  for 
Thirsk,  1601,  and  Ripon,  1604-11  ; 
knighted  April  17,  1603  ;  married 
Anne,  daughter  of  William  Lord 
Eure. 

Manchester,  Earl  of.  —  Henry 
Montague. 

Mandeville,  Viscount.  —  Henry 
Montague. 

Manhood.     See  Manwood. 

Mannering  —  Mainv^aring,  Sir 
Arthur,  3.  Sub.  £75 ;  pd.  £25. 
Knighted  at  Charterhouse  May  11, 
1603;  was  the  carver  to  Prince  Charles, 
with  whom  Mrs.  Anne  Turner  (exe- 
cuted for  the  poisoning  of  Overburv) 
fell  in  love  ;  of  the  N.  W.  P.  Co., 
1612;  M.  P.  for  Huntingdon,  1624-25, 
1625,  and  1626. 

Mannering  —  Mainwaring,  Sir 
Henry.  June  10,  1611,  granted  the 
ofHce  of  captain  of  St.  Andrew's 
Castle,  after  the  surrender  of  Robert 
Gosnold.  He  was  a  famous  sea  cap- 
tain ;  ranged  our  coast  from  the  West 
Indies   to   Newfoundland  ;    sometime 


CHARLES    STUART 
Prince  of  Wales,  aflcrvards  Cliarles  i. 


MANNERING  —  MANSELL 


941 


called  "  Maynwaring  the  Pirate  ;  " 
was  pardoned  by  the  king ;  became 
lieutenant  of  Dover  Castle  ;  received 
Gondoinar,  when  he  landed  there 
Marcli  5,  IGIO,  with  compliments,  to 
which  the  ambassador  "replied  by 
telling  him  that  he  would  repay  hira 
for  his  courtesy  by  forgiving  him 
twelve  crowns  out  of  the  million  which 
he  had  taken  from  the  subjects  of  the 
King  of  Spain,  if  only  lie  would  prom- 
ise to  make  good  the  rest."  He  com- 
posed and  presented  to  Buckingham, 
then  lord  liigh  adniirid  of  England, 
about  1619,  ''The  Seaman's  Diction- 
ary :  or  An  Exposition  and  Demon- 
stration of  all  the  Parts  and  Things 
belonging  to  a  Sliippe  :  Together  with 
an  Explanation  of  all  the  Termes  and 
Phrases  used  in  the  Practique  of  Navi- 
gation." (Captain  Smith  goes  over 
much  the  same  ground  in  his  "Acci- 
dence "  of  IGJG.) 

He  was  kniglited  at  Wolling,  March 
20,  1618,  at  which  time  he  was  pre- 
paring to  enter  the  service  of  Venice. 
May  15,  1620,  the  Earl  of  Dorset 
transferred  to  him  ten  shares  in  Vir- 
ginia ;  and  on  the  23d  following  he 
transferred  five  shares  to  Sir  Edward 
Sackville.  His  brother  Thomas  and 
himself  both  held  lands  in  Virginia. 
Early  in  1630  Sir  Arthur  Mannering, 
Capt.  Will.  King,  and  himself  peti- 
tioned Charles  I.  for  a  grant  of  the 
uninhabited  island,  Fernando  de  No- 
ronha,  in  about  4°  south  latitude,  and 
the  king  was  pleased  to  grant  the 
request  of  the  petitioners. 

Mansell — Mansfield,  Sir  Robert, 
3.  Sub.  £7.5;  pd.  £97  10s.  The  third 
son  of  Sir  P^dward  Mansell,  by  his  wife. 
Lady  Jane  Somerset,  youngest  daugh- 
ter of  Henry,  Earl  of  Worcester  ;  was 
born  about  1565.  He  was  probably 
the  "  Capt.  Mansfield  "  who  was  rang- 
ing the  seas  for  Spanish  prizes  as  early 
as  1592.  He  was  knighted  by  the  Earl 
of  Essex  for  gallantry  at  the  taking 
of  Calais,  in  1596  ;  and  was  captain  of 
the  admiral's  ship  in  the  fleet  under 
the  said  earl,  sent  to  the  Azores  in 
1597  ;  vice-admiral  of  Norfolk  in 
Elizabeth's  reign  ;  M.  P.  for  King's 
Lynn  in  1601.  In  1602  he  destroyed, 
near  Dover,  several  Spanish  sliips  from 
Cezimbra,  and  soon  after  published 
"  A  True  Report  of  the  Service  done 
upon  certaiue  Gallies  passing  through 


the  Narrow  Seas."  In  1603  he  took  a 
carrack  freighted  with  pepper,  etc.  ;  in 
December,  1603,  carried  a  letter  from 
Ralegh  to  Cecil  ;  in  April  or  May, 
1601,  he  was  appointed  treasurer  of 
tlie  navy  for  life,  succeeding  Sir  Fulke 
Greville  ;  M.  P,  for  Carmarthen 
County,  1604-11  ;  January  11,  1606, 
Sir  John  Trevor  and  himself  recom- 
mended Capt.  Christopher  Newport 
to  Lord  Admiral  Nottingliam  for  the 
reversion  of  the  office  of  one  of  the 
principal  masters  of  the  navy.  Au- 
gust 12,  1606,  Mr.  John  Pory  wrote 
to  Sir  Robert  Cotton,  "  to  attend  the 
King  of  Deimiark  on  his  way  home- 
ward Sir  Robert  Mansell  is  appointed 
with  the  Vanguard  and  the  Moon." 

M.  C.  for  Va.,  March  9,  1607  ;  M. 
C.  for  Va.  Co.,  May  23,  1609.  The 
court  of  the  E.  I.  Co.  resolve  to  admit 
him  "  as  a  free  brother,  without  any 
fine,"  October  6,  1609  ;  for  many 
years  he  was  one  of  the  directors  of 
the  E.  I.  Co.  As  treasurer  of  the 
navy  he  was  a  constant  assistant  in 
advancing  the  interest  of  the  E.  I., 
the  Mus.  and  other  companies.  He 
was  one  of  those  who  sent  out  Henry 
Hudson  to  the  Northwest  in  April, 
1610,  and  also  one  of  those  who  espe- 
cially aided  in  sending  out  Sir  Thomas 
Gates  to  Virginia  in  June,  1611.  His 
ship,  the  John  and  Francis,  made  sev- 
eral voyages  to  Virginia.  He  was  an 
incorporator  and  one  of  the  first  di- 
rectors of  the  N.  W.  P.  Co.,  July  26, 
1612  ;  M.  P.  for  Carmarthen  County 
in  1614  ;  member  of  tlie  S.  I.  or  B.  1. 
Co.,  June  29, 1615 ;  and  in  the  division 
of  the  islands  one  of  the  tribes  was 
named  for  him,  Mansell's  Tribe  ;  but 
he  sold  out  his  interest  in  the  island, 
and  his  division  was  afterwards  called 
Warwick's  Tribe.  March  15,  1617, 
Chamberlain  wrote  to  Carleton  :  "On 
Tuesday  Sir  Robert  Mansell  married 
his  old  Mistress  Roper,  one  of  the 
queen's  ancient  maids  of  honour  ;  the 
wedding  was  kept  at  Denmark  House 
at  the  Queen's  charge,  wlio  gave  them 
a  fair  cupboard  of  Plate,  besides  many 
good  and  rich  presents  from  other 
friends." 

As  early  as  June  1,  1615,  he  was  in- 
terested in  the  glass  business,  and  some 
time  prior  to  May,  1618,  the  Earl  of 
Pembroke,  himself,  and  some  others 
"  had  got  the  sole  patent  of  making  all 


942 


MANSELL  —  MARLER 


sorts  of  glass  with  pit-eoal."  Just 
prior  to  May,  1618,  "«ir  Wm.  Russell 
bought  the  treasurership  of  the  navy 
from  Sir  Robert  Mansell,  who  is  to  be 
made  vice-admiral  of  England;  "  "  May 
14,  1618,  grant  to  Sir  Robert  Mansell 
of  the  Lieutenancy  of  the  Admiralty, 
&c.  for  life."  Member  of  the  Guinea 
and  Binney  Company,  November  16, 
1618.  "July  20,  16^0,  he  was  ap- 
pointed vice-admiral  [admiral  ?]  for 
tbe  repression  of  pirates."  The  fleet 
under  his  command  sailed  from  Plym- 
outh October  12,  1620  ;  there  is  some 
doubt  about  the  date  of  its  return  to 
England  from  the  Mediterranean.  Sir 
George  Calvert,  writing  to  Lord  Cran- 
field,  September  12,  1621,  says,  "The 
king  had  been  about  to  recall  Mansell 
from  the  Straits,  but  all  is  set  right, 
and  two  of  the  king's  ships  and  ten  of 
the  merchants'  ships  are  to  stay  there," 
etc.  However,  he  returned  some  time 
before  March  25,  1622,  and  J.  B.  pub- 
lished an  account  of  the  "  Algiers 
Voyage  in  A  Journall  ;  .  .  .  the  fleet 
consisting  of  18  sayle,  viz.,  sixe  of  his 
Maiesties  Ships,  Ten  Marchants'  ships. 
Two  Pinnaces,  Under  the  Command  of 
Sir  Robert  Mansei  Knight,  Vice-Admi- 
rall  of  England,  and  Admirall  of  that 
fleet  :  and  a  Councell  of  Warre  ap- 
pointed by  his  Majestic,"  etc.  The 
"  Councell  of  Warre  "  were  Sir  Rob- 
ert Mansell,  Sir  Richard  Hawkins,  Sir 
Thomas  Button,  Sir  Henry  Palmer, 
Capt.  Arthur  Manwaring,  Capt. 
Thomas  Love,  Capt.  Samuel  Argall, 
and  Edward  Gierke,  esquire  and  sec- 
retary. 

November  3,  1620,  Sir  Robert  was 
appointed  M.  C.  for  N.  E.  Co.,  being 
then  a  member  of  each  one  of  his 
majesty's  colonial  councils.  In  1622 
we  find  him  attending  the  meetings 
of  the  N.  E.  Council,  and  some  time 
in  this  year  "  Capt.  Squibb  took  pos- 
session of  Mount  Mansell  [Mount  Des- 
ert], in  New  England,  for  8ir  Robert's 
use,"  and  in  the  proposed  division  of 
that  colony  on  "  Sondaie,"  June  29, 
1623,  Sir  Samuel  Argall  drew  for  Sir 
Robert  lot  15,  being  the  next  lot  to 
the  northward  of  Sagadahock.  M.  P. 
for  Glamorgan  in  1624-2.5,  and  in 
1625  ;  for  Lostwithiel  in  1626,  and  for 
Glamorgan  again  in  1627-28. 

April  25,  1635,  he  was  one  of  those 
who  voted  to  resign  the  Great  Char- 


ter of  the  N.  E.  Co.  to  the  crown. 
In  1638,  although  advanced  in  age, 
he  was  present  at  the  launching  of  a 
ship.  "  He  was  continued  as  vice- 
admiral  of  England  by  Charles  I., 
lived  to  a  very  old  age,  much 
esteemed  for  his  great  integrity,  per- 
sonal courage,  and  experience  in  mari- 
time afi'airs."  The  date  of  his  death 
is  not  known  to  me  ;  but  he  was  liv- 
ing and  defending  his  glass  monop- 
oly in  May,  1642.  He  is  one  of  the 
heroes  of  Scot's  "  Duellum  Britanni- 
cum." 

Mansell,  Sir  Thomas,  3.  Sub. 
£75  ;  pd.  £50.  Of  Margam  in  Gla- 
morganshire, was  the  eldest  son  of  Sir 
Edward  Mansell,  and  brother  of  Sir 
Robert  aforesaid.  He  married,  first, 
on  July  30,  1582,  Mary,  daughter  of 
Lewis  Lord  Mordant ;  she  bore  him 
three  sons  ;  after  her  death  he  married, 
secondly,  Jane,  daughter  of  Thomas 
Pole,  Esq.     M.  P.  Glamorgan,  1614. 

He  was  created  a  baronet  May  22, 
1611.     Died  December  20,  1631. 

Man-wood — Manhood,  Sir  Peter, 
2.  Sub.  £37  10s.  ;  pd.  £50.  "  Eldest 
son  of  the  most  Reverend,  excellent, 
and  Learned  Judge,  Sir  Roger  Man- 
wood,  Lord  Chief  Baron  of  the  Ex- 
chequer." He  was  M.  P.  for  Sand- 
wich, 1588-89,  1592-93,  1597-98,  and 
1601  ;  made  a  Knight  of  the  Bath  at 
the  coronation  of  King  James  I.,  July 
25, 1603  ;  M.  P.  for  Saltash,  1604-11  ; 
M.  C.  for  Va.  Co.,  May  23,  1609  ;  M. 
P.  for  the  County  of  Kent,  1614,  and 
for  New  Romney,  1621-22.  He  was 
living  in  October,  1622.  The  date  of 
his  death  is  not  known  to  me. 

Mapes,    Francis,    2.     Sub. ; 

pd.  £12  10s. 

Maplesden,  Richard,  grocer,  2. 
Sub.  £37  10s.  ;  pd.  £50.  Of  St.  Bar- 
tholomew, near  the  Exchange,  Lon- 
don ;  married  in  1.593,  Frances,  relict 
of  Edmund  Dawson,  of  St.  Benet  Fink, 
London  ;  also  of  E.  I.  and  N.  W.  P. 
companies. 

March.     See  Marsh. 

Marler,  Walter.  Son  of  Walter 
Marler,  the  elder,  and  his  wife,  Mary 
Date  (or  Dale).  His  mother  was  a 
"very  good  friend  to  Rev.  John  Brad- 
ford, the  martyr,  and  made  him  a 
clean  shirt  for  his  burning,  which  he 
alluded  to  in  his  last  prayer  as  his 
wedding   garment."    Walter   Marler, 


MARTIN 


94i 


the  younger,  Salter,  married  in  1584, 
Anne,  ilaugliter  of  Sir  George  Barnes. 

Martin,  Christopher.  i\l.  £25. 
"  Of  Billerike  in  Essex  ;  "  was  a  part- 
ner in  Ralph  Haiuor's  plantation,  Jan- 
uary 15,  1017  ;  purchased  four  shares 
in  Virginia  of  Capt.  George  Percy, 
May  15,  1020  ;  sailed  for  Virginia  in 
the  Mayflower  in  the  suniuier  of 
1020;  landed  in  New  P^ngland,  "  where 
he  and  all  his  dyed  in  the  first  infection 
not  long  after  the  arrival."  The  May- 
flower was  sent  out  by  the  Va.  Co.  of 
London.  The  patent  must  have  been 
for  lands  along  James  River,  as  no 
other  lands  were  tiien  being  taken  up. 
This  company  had  no  right  to  convey 
lands  north  of  40°  north  latitude. 

Martin,    Captain  John,   2.     Sub. 

;  pd.  £05.     Son  of    Sir  Richard 

Martin ;  was  born  about  1500-05. 
In  1584-85  the  Court  of  Aldermen  of 
London  granted  him  the  next  rever- 
sion of  several  places,  on  condition 
that  he  should  apply  himself  to  the 
study  of  the  common  law.  Before  he 
took  his  degree  in  law  he  betook  him- 
self to  martial  affairs.  He  com- 
manded the  Benjamin  in  Drake's  voy- 
age of  1585-80,  which  passed  along 
our  coast.  He  continued  in  "  martial 
affairs  ;  "  but  I  have  few  particulars  of 
him  until  he  engaged  in  the  Virginia 
enterprise,  to  which  he  devoted  his  life 
from  IBOO  to  his  death.  His  biog- 
raphy during  this  period  is  embraced 
in  our  history,  and  it  will  only  be  nec- 
essary to  give  a  brief  outline  here. 
His  lirst  voyage  to  Virginia,  1000-03  ; 
returned  to  England  in  July,  1008  ; 
but  went  back  to  Virginia  in  May, 
1009,  and  remained  there  until  late  iu 
1015,  or  probably  until  1010,  when  he 
was  in  England  for  a  time,  and  while 
tliere  he  attempted  to  obtain  (under 
his  grant  of  reversion  of  1584-85)  the 
office  of  "  Reader  of  the  Middle  Tem- 
ple," which  had  become  vacant  during 
his  absence  in  Virginia  ;  but,  on  tiie 
ground  that  he  had  devoted  himself 
"  to  martial  affairs,"  instead  of  to  the 
law,  as  he  had  been  required  to  do, 
he  failed  to  secure  the  office,  although 
King  James  himself,  on  November  23, 
lOlT),  wrote  an  urgent  and  flattering 
letter  to  the  lord  mayor  (Sir  John 
Lemon)  in  his  behalf. 

November  8,  1010,  the  Va.  Co. 
"  allowed  Captain   Martin  in  reward 


ten  shares  of  land  in  Virginia."  He 
left  England  in  April,  1017,  iu  a  pin- 
nace (the  Edwin,  Capt.  George  Bar- 
grave  ?),  and  after  a  live  weeks'  pas- 
sage arrived  in  Virginia  about  the 
LOlh  of  May,  probably  the  quickest 
passage  then  on  record.  He  located 
his  gnuit  at  Martin's  Brandon,  on  the 
James  ;  his  patent  was  very  broad: 
"  he  was  to  enjoye  his  laudes  in  as 
larJge  and  ample  manner,  to  all  in- 
tentes  and  purposes,  as  any  Lord  of 
any  Manours  in  England  dothe  holde 
his  grounde,"  etc.  This  patent  was 
complained  of,  and  was  the  cause  of 
the  first  contest  iu  America  on  charter- 
rights  between  "  The  First  House  of 
Burgesses"  (July  30,  1010)  and  their 
"  very  loving  friend.  Captain  John 
Martin,  Esquire,  Master  of  the  Ordi- 
nance." It  was  for  some  years  "  a 
bone  of  contention  "  in  the  colony  and 
in  the  company,  and  forced  him  to 
make  several  trips  to  England.  In 
January,  1022,  William  Herbert,  Earl 
of  Pembroke,  Robert  Rich,  Earl  of 
Warwick,  Robert  Sydney,  Earl  of 
Leicester,  PJiilip  Herbert,  Earl  of 
Montgomery,  Edmund  Lord  Sheffield, 
Sir  Robert  Mausell,  Sir  Thomas 
Smythe,  Francis  West,  William  St. 
Jolm,  Robert  Johnson,  Samviel  Argall, 
aiul  William  Canning  gave  him  a 
very  strong  certificate  iu  support  of 
his  patent  ;  among  other  things  they 
certify  that  "Jolm  Martin  had  been 
a  long  and  faithful  servant  of  the 
Colony  in  Virginia  ;  a  member  of  the 
First  Council  of  Virginia  ;  appointed 
Master  of  the  Ordinance,  fairly  in 
open  court  ;  that  he  had  endured  all 
the  miseries  and  calamities  of  forepast 
Times,  with  the  loss  of  his  Blood,  the 
death  of  his  only  son  .  .  .  [in  the 
undertaking  ;  in  consideration  of  which 
things]  .  .  .  The  Company  and  Coun- 
cil for  his  Majesty  i-esident  in  Eng- 
land had  formerly  by  charter  under 
their  Create  Scale  granted  him  special 
priviledges  in  his  patent,  and  asking 
that  said  Patent  should  remain  in 
force,"  etc. 

Martin  was  not  a  member  of  the 
party  then  in  control  of  affairs,  and 
notwithstanding  tliis  strong  certificate 
they  took  his  old  patent  from  him  ; 
offering  him  a  new  one,  abridging  his 
privileges,  etc.,  which  he  refused  at 
flrst ;  but,  at  last,  finding  he  could  do 


944 


MARTIN 


no  better,  he  took  the  new  patent  ; 
"  which  favour  he  accordingly  re- 
quited," says  Stith,  "  by  propagating 
and  spreading  through  the  Country  all 
the  Falshoods  and  Calumnies  against 
them  [the  then  officers  of  the  com- 
pany] that  he  could  invent  or  utter." 
Very  few  people  would  regard  an 
abridgment  of  their  privileges  and  of 
their  property  as  a  "  favour." 

October  20,  1623,  he  was  one  of 
those  who  voted  to  surrender  the  char- 
ter of  the  Va.  Co.  to  the  crown.  The 
old  members  who  voted  generally  cast 
their  votes  in  favor  of  the  surrender  ; 
the  new  members  voted  against  it. 
The  differences  between  the  company 
and  Martin  were  finally  composed,  and 
on  February  2,  1624,  the  council  gave 
him  a  very  favorable  letter  to  the  gov- 
ernor of  Virgiuia,  which  was  signed  by 
William  Herbert,  Earl  of  Pembroke, 
Philip  Herbert,  Earl  of  Montgomery, 
William  Lord  Padgett,  William  Lord 
Cavend'ih,  Sir  Robert  Killigrew,  Sir 
John  r^nvers,  Sir  Humphrey  May, 
John  \\liite,  and  Nicholas  Farrar,  dep- 
uty. He  returned  to  Virginia  in  the 
Swan,  in  1624  ;  was  appointed  to  the 
council  there  by  royal  commission, 
August  26,  1624.  He  was  residing  in 
Elizabeth  City,  and  owned  Martin's 
Brandon  "  by  Patent  out  of  England 
(planted)  "  in  1625. 

The  date  of  his  death  is  not  known 
to  me  ;  he  was  living  in  Virginia 
March  8,  162  f,  on  which  day  he  wrote 
to  his  brother-in-law,  Sir  Julius  Ctesar; 
he  was  then  over  sixty  years  old. 

The  accounts  of  him,  like  the  ac- 
counts of  many  of  our  founders,  have 
been  based  on  unfriendly  evidence  ; 
but  justice  does  not  permit  us  to  con- 
demn him  without  giving  him  a  hear- 
ing, and  although  we  have  nothing  that 
he  wrote  in  his  own  defense,  we 
know  that  he  devoted  his  life  to  the 
colony,  and  this  fact  speaks  much  bet- 
ter for  him  than  if  he  had  devoted  this 
time  to  untrustworthy  volumes  of  self- 
praise.  Captain  Smith  has  given  us  his 
opinion  of  Martin,  and  we  can  very 
well  imagine  what  Martin  thought  of 
Smith. 
vr  He  fills  an  unknown   grave,   prob- 

ably at  Brandon,  on  the  James.  His 
dust  aids  in  making  the  soil  of  tlie 
Old  Dominion  sacred,  and  we  will  not 
forget  that  he  was  the  only  man  to 


protest  against  the  abandonment  of 
Virginia  on  the  memorable  morning 
of  June  7,  1610. 

Martin,  John,  gent.,  2.     Sub. ; 

pd.  £li5.  Was  the  only  son  of  Capt. 
John  Martin,  aforesaid.  He  died  at 
Jamestown,  in  Virginia,  August  18, 
1607. 

Martin,  Richard,  goldsmith.  Son 
of  Thomas  Martin,  of  Saffron  Walden, 
in  Essex  ;  was  born  early  in  the  six- 
teenth century.  The  churchwardens 
of  St.  Mary  Woolclmreh  Hawe,  Lon- 
don, bought  a  "Comniunyon  Cuppe  " 
from  him  in  1560.  Queen  Elizabeth 
farmed  out  her  mint  to  him  early  in 
her  reign  ;  warden  of  the  mint  before 
1572  ;  interested  in  Frobisher's  voy- 
ages, 1576-78  ;  alderman  of  Farring- 
don  Within,  1578  ;  sheriff"  of  London, 
1581-82  ;  lord  mayor,  1589,  "  when  he 
gave  up  to  the  lord  treasurer  an  account 
of  the  debts  owing  to  him,"  etc.  :  — 

Due  by  the  Jewel-House £1,300 

By  Pearls  for  her  Majesty 50 

The  Lady  Leicester 2,500 

Lent  to  the  Earl  of  Leicester  upon  the 

Manor  of  Denbigh 550 

Due  from  Mr.  Huddleston 1,826 

Due  by  tlie  Earl  of  Derby  and  his  Sou       1,200 
For    The   Adventure    with   Sir    Francis 
Drake  in  his  1st  voyage  when  l.e  went 

about  the  world 2,000 

Ventured  also  with  Sir  Francis,  since 
that,  to  Carthagena  (1585-SG),  also  with 
Fenton  and  Wm.  Hawkins,  together 
with  Divers  other  Sums 16,600 

Making  a  total  of  over  £26,000,  a 
very  large  sum  at  that  time  ;  presi- 
dent of  Christ's  Hosjiital,  1593  to 
1002;  again  lord  mayor,  1594;  advised 
Essex  to  submit  himself  to  the  queen, 
February  8,  1601  ;  displaced  from  his 
offices  August  31,  1602,  the  reasons 
assigned  were  his  poverty  and  debt ; 
the  real  reasons  were  the  debts  due 
him  by  the  court  party.  In  Novem- 
ber, 1604,  James  I.  made  him  master 
of  the  mint  again  ;  -was  the  oldest 
alderman  then  living  in  1005.  On 
September  11,  1610,  a  warrant  was 
issued  to  pay  him  £410  due  to  him  by 
the  late  queen  ;  December  10,  1611, 
he  was  paid  £160  for  sundry  models, 
tools,  and  engines  for  improvement  of 
the  coin.  He  was  buried  in  Totten- 
ham Church,  July  30,  1617.  Cham- 
berlain says,  "He  was  held  near  a 
hundred  years  old."  His  wife  Dor- 
cas was  buried  in  the  same  church, 
September  2,  1599,  and  his  son  Rich- 
ard;  May   28,    1616.      His   daughter 


MARTIN  —  MAUNSELL 


945 


Dorcas,  the  wife  of  Sir  Julius  Caesar, 
died  June  15,  1595,  and  was  buried  in 
the  Temple  Church,  London.  His 
son,  Capt.  Jolin  Martin,  tills  an  un- 
known j^rave  in  Virj^inia. 

Martin,  Richard,  esquire,  2.  Sub. 
£31  lUs.  ;  pd.  £75.  Granger  says  he 
was  "born  at  Otterton,  in  Devimshire 
[others  say  'son  and  heir  of  William 
Martin  of  Exeter'];  studied  at  Ox- 
ford, and  afterwards  at  the  Temple 
[admitted  to  the  Middle  Temple,  No- 
vember 7,  1587].  His  learning,  po- 
liteness, and  wit  were  the  delight  and 
admiration  of  all  his  acquaintance. 
He  understood  and  practiced  the  grace 
of  conversation,  and  was  equally  es- 
teemed and  caressed  by  Selden  and 
Ben  Jonson.  His  person  and  manners 
qualified  liira  to  adorn  the  court,  and 
his  eloquence  to  iniiuenc-e  tlie  senate." 

He  was  a  member  of  the  celebrated 
club  of  intellectual  men  who  met  the 
first  Friday  of  every  mouth,  at  the  Mer- 
maid in  Bread  Street,  "  an  association 
certainly  unrivaled  in  any  preceding 
time,  unequaled  by  any  subsequent  as- 
semblage, and  in  all  probability  not 
likely  to  be  witnessed  in  our  own  days." 
Old  Fuller  says,  "  He  had  an  excellent 
pen,"  and  "  was  accounted  one  of  the 
highest  wits  of  our  age  and  his  nation." 
John  Uavies  (afterwards  Sir  John,  at- 
torney-general for  Ireland,  author  of 
"Nosce  Teipsum,"  etc.)  dedicated 
"  Orchestra  "  to  him  in  1594  or  1596  ; 
but  soon  after  fell  out  with  him,  and 
was  expelled  the  Temjjle  in  February, 
1598,  "  for  thrashing  his  friend,  an- 
other roysterer  of  the  day,  Mr.  Richard 
Martin,  in  the  Middle  Temple  Hall. 
.  .  .  Martin  (whose  monument  is  now 
hoarded  up  in  the  Triforium  of  the 
Temple)  also  became  a  learned  lawyer 
and  a  friend  of  Selden,  and  was  the 
person  to  whom  Ben  Jonson  dedicated 
his  bitter  i)lay, '  The  Poetaster '  [1(502]. 
In  the  dedication  the  poet  says,  '  For 
whose  innocence  as  for  the  author's 
you  were  once  a  noble  and  kindly 
undertaker  :  signed,  your  true  lover, 
Ben  Jonson.'  "  (Thornbury's  "  Old 
and  New  London.") 

He  was  frequently  a  member  of  Par- 
liament, and  in  the  Parliament  of 
IGOl  spoke  most  eloquently  against 
the  monopolists  ;  M.  P.  for  Barnstaple, 
1601.  On  May  7,  160.3,  he  was  se- 
lected   to   welcome    King    James    to 


London,  and  in  the  name  of  the  sher- 
iffs of  London  and  Middlesex  made 
a  most  learned  and  eloquent  oration 
before  the  king ;  M.  P.  for  Christ 
Church,  1601-11  ;  M.  C.  for  Va.  Co., 
1612.  From  1611  he  took  an  active 
interest  in  the  Bermudas  Islands,  and 
in  1615  was  an  incorporator  of  the 
B.  I.  Co. 

In  May,  1614,  he  made  his  noted 
speech  in  behalf  of  tlie  Virginia  Col- 
ony, before  Parliament  ;  was  Lent 
Reader  at  the  Middle  Temple  in  1615. 
On  the  death  of  Sir  Anthony  Benn, 
September  1.9,  1618,  King  James  rec- 
ommended Martin  to  the  city  of  Lon- 
don for  their  recorder,  and  he  was 
chosen  to  the  position,  but  died  about 
a  month  after,  of  the  small-pox,  ou 
Sunday  morning  (November  2  ?), 
1618,  and  was  buried  in  the  Temple 
Church,  London. 

"  Anglorum  alumnus,  prieco  Vir- 
giniiB  ac  parens.'.'  Martin's  Hundred, 
containing  some  80,000  acres,  about 
seven  miles  below  Jamestown,  on  the 
nortli  side  of  James  River,  was  named 
for  him. 

Martin,  Thomas,  gent.,  3.  Sub. 
;  pd.  £37  10s.     M.  P.  1614. 

Mason,    Captain,   2.      Sub. ; 

pd. .     (I  believe  this  to  be  Capt. 

John  Llason,  of  King's  Lynn,  the 
founder  of  New  Hampshire,  in  New 
England,  who  died  in  Loudon  in 
1635.) 

Mason,  Gteorge.     Pd.  £12  10s. 

Masse,  Father  Ennemond.  Came 
to  America  with  Father  Biard  in  1611; 
went  to  Canada  in  1633,  and  died 
there  at  the  house  of  Saint  Joseph  de 
Sillery  in  1646,  aged  72. 

Matthew,  Tobias,  Archbishop  of 
York.  Son  of  John  Matthew,  a  mer- 
chant of  Bristol  ;  Avas  successively 
Archdeacon  of  Bath,  Prebendary  of 
Sarum,  Dean  of  Christ  Church,  Dean 
and  Bishop  of  Durham,  whence  he 
was  translated  to  York,  September  11, 
1606.  Died  March  29,  1628,  and  was 
buried  in  York  Cathedral.  He  mar- 
ried Frances,  daughter  of  William 
Barlow,  Bishop  of  Chichester,  who 
brought  him  three  sons,  one  of  whom, 
named  for  his  father,  went  over  to  the 
Cluirch  of  Rome. 

Maude  (or  Mande),  Josias,  2. 
Sub.  ;  pd.  £12  10s. 

Mauusell,    Peter,    2.     Sub.     £37 


946 


MAUNSELL  —  MENENDEZ 


10s.  ;  pd.  £75.  Born  in  Dorset  ;  en- 
tered Brasenose  College,  Oxford,  1587 ; 
B.  A.,  1591  ;  M.  A.,  1591  ;  puisued 
the  study  of  physic,  1595-99  ;  trav- 
eled abroad  at  Faris,  Padua,  etc., 
1600-01  ;  afterwards  followed  his 
studies  at  Oxford  and  Gresham  Col- 
leo-e  in  Kngland  ;  made  a  second  tour 
abroad,  visitiug  the  universities  of 
Basil  and  Strasburg  ;  was  at  Leyden 
in  1607,  prior  to  which  time  he  took 
the  degree  of  Doctor  of  Physic; 
chosen  to  succeed  Dr.  Gwynne  in  his 
professorship  in  Gresham  College  in 
September,  1607 ;  remained  there 
until  his  death.  He  was  buried  in 
St.  Helen's,  Bishopsgate,  October  18, 
1615.  "  Reader  of  the  Phisick  Lec- 
ture in  Gresham  College." 

Maurice,  Count.  Of  Nassau  ; 
Prince  of  Orange  ;  born  1567  ;  died 
1625. 

Mawdet,  Otho,  merchant  -  tailor, 
2.  Sub.  ;  pd.  £62  10s.  ^  Mar- 
ried Elizabeth,  daughter  of  William 
Dowues  by  his  wife,  Elizabeth  Rolfe  ; 
left  a  sum  of  money  to  pay  a  fee  to 
the  preacher  at  St.  Dunstan's  in  the 
West,  Loudon,  for  a  sermon  to  be 
delivered  on  the  28th  of  October  an- 
nually. 

May,  Humfrey,   esquire,  3.     Sub. 

;   pd.   £37  10s.     Fourth   son   of 

Richard  May,  of  Rawmere,  County 
Sussex  ;  M.  P.  for  Beeralston,  1604- 
11  ;  knighted  at  New  Market  in  Jan- 
uary, 1613  ;  M.  P.  for  Westminster, 
1614  ;  chancellor  of  the  Duchy  of 
Lancaster,  1618  ;  treasurer,  1618-22  ; 
M.    P.    for    Lancaster,    1621-22   and 

1625  ;    and    for    Leicester,    1624-25, 

1626  and  1628-29  ;  elected  to  the  Vir- 
ginia council  in  May,  1623  ;  on  the 
commission  for  Virginia,  July  15, 
1624  ;  one  of  the  executors  of  Bacon's 
will ;  on  the  Canada  commission  about 
the  goods  taken  by  Captain  Kirke, 
1630  ;  master  of  the  rolls,  and  sworn 
a  privv  councilor  in  1629;  died  June 
9,  1630. 

Maycott,  Sir  Cavaliero.  2.  Sub. 
£175  ;  pd.  £175.  Knighted  at  the 
Tower,  ^larch  14,  1604  ;  granted  li- 
cense to  travel  for  three  years.  May 
18,  1004;  M.  C.  for  Va.  Co.,  1612; 
living  in  1624.  The  date  of  his  death 
is  not  known  to  me.  He  was  proba- 
bly of  the  same  family  as  Capt.  Samuel 
Macock,   Esq.,  a  Cambridge  scholar. 


a  gentleman  of  birth,  virtue,  and  in- 
dustry, and  a  member  of  the  govern- 
or's council  in  Virginia,  who  was  killed 
by  the  Indians,  March  21,  1622,  at 
Master  Macock's  Dividend  in  the  Ter- 
ritory of  Great  Weyonoke. 

Mayuard,  Sir  William,  3.  Sub. 
;  pd.  £37  10s.  Of  Estains,  Es- 
sex ;  was  knighted  March  7,  1609  ; 
M.  P.  for  Penryn,  1610-11  ;  created  a 
baronet,  June  )!{),  1011  ;  N.  W.  P.  Co., 
1612  ;  M.  P.  for  Chippenham,  1614  ; 
created  Baron  Maynard  in  Ireland, 
May  30,  lOiO,  and  in  England,  March 
14,  1628  ;  elected  to  the  Council  of 
Virginia,  February  5,  1623.  March 
17,  1638,  he  wrote  to  Archbishop  Laud 
about  the  exodus  to  New  England  : 
"  Hears  daily  of  incredible  number  of 
persons  of  very  good  abilities,  who 
Lave  sold  their  lands  and  are  upon 
their  departure  thence."  He  died 
December  18,  1639. 

Meadovi/^s  —  Meddus  —  Med- 
hurst  —  Medust,    Dr.    James,    2. 

Sub.   . ;    pd.    £15.      Chaplain   to 

King   James  ;   also  interested  in  the 
Bermudas  and  Newfoundland. 

Mease  (or  Mays),  Rev.  Mr.  Wil- 
liam. He  was  in  England  in  1623,  at 
which  time  he  had  lived  ten  years  in 
Virginia.  Whether  he  returned  to 
Virginia  or  not,  I  know  not. 

Medici,  Mary  de,  queen  of  France. 
Born  1573;  married  Henry  IV.,  1600; 
crowned  May  13,  1610,  and  left  a 
widow  the  next  day;  regent  of  France 
to  October,  1614  ;  died  in  1642. 


Menendez  de  Aviles,  Pedro. 
A  native  of  Avilds  in  Asturias  ;  was 
born  about  1519.  His  adventures  be- 
gan when  he  was  only  eight  years  of 
age.  Before  he  reached  the  age  of 
manhood,  he  had  distinguished  him- 
self in  cruises  against  the  Barbary 
corsairs  and  the  French,  and  soon 
thereafter  he  made  a  successful  voy- 
age to  tlie  New  World.  In  1557  he 
was  captain-general  of  the  fleet  which 


MENENDEZ 


947 


conveyed  Spanish  troops  to  St.  Quen- 
tin,  where  he  shared  in  the  honors  of 
the  victory  of  August  10.  In  lood  he 
commanded  the  Armada  which  carried 
Philip  II.  hack  to  Spain.  In  15(i0  he 
was  general  of  the  ileet  to  New  Spain, 
and  was  instructed  hy  his  king  to  ex- 
amine, on  his  return  voyage,  the 
Atlantic  coast  north  of  Port  Royal 
(South  Carolina) ;  and  the  royal  order 
of  September  23,  I.jGI,  cites  tliat  he 
had  done  so,  and  had  made  his  report 
thereon  to  the  king.  About  this  time 
charges  were  brought  against  him,  and 
he  was  imprisoned  and  lined.  Return- 
ing from  one  of  his  voyages  to  the 
West  Indies,  about  ^lay,  1563  (see 
Froude's  "  England,"  vol.  viii.  pp. 
450,  451),  he  found  five  brigs  from 
Bristol  and  Barnstable,  at  the  Azoi"es, 
which  he  took  and  carried  to  Spain, 
because  they  not  only  neglected  to 
salute  the  Spanish  flag,  hut  continued 
to  carry  the  cross  of  St.  George  at  the 
main. 

In  1564  "  he  was  required  to  make 
a  thorough  coast-survey  of  Spanish 
Florida  so  as  to  prepare  charts  that 
would  prevent  the  wrecks  which  had 
arisen  from  ignorance  of  the  real  char- 
acter of  the  sea  line."  He  wished  to 
conquer  and  to  settle  Florida,  and  on 
March  20,  1565,  Philip  II.  granted 
him  a  patent  for  that  purpose,  with 
the  title  of  governor  and  captain-gen- 
eral of  Florida.  He  reached  that 
coast  August  28,  and  massacred  the 
Huguenots  at  Fort  Caroline  Septem- 
ber 21-23,  1565.  On  October  15,  fol- 
lowing, he  wrote  Philip  II.,  proposing 
to  colonize  and  hold  the  country  by 
means  of  a- series  of  forts,  at  the 
Chesapeake  Bay,  Port  Royal,  the 
Martyrs,  and  the  Bay  of  Juan  Ponce 
de  Leon.  He  went  to  the  West  Indies 
in  December,  1565,  but  returned  to 
St.  Augustine  in  March,  1566  ;  in 
Spain  in  1567;  sailed  from  San  Lucar, 
March  13,  1568  ;  arrived  in  Florida  to 
find  that  his  colony  had  been  recently 
destroyed  by  Dominic  de  Gourges, 
and  from  CCCLX.  it  seems  that  he 
was  in  command  of  the  Spanish  fleet 
which  made  the  attack  on  Hawkins  in 
the  bay  of  Mexico  on  September  23, 
1568,  just  three  years  after  his  mas- 
sacre of  the  Huguenots,  and  less  than 
five  months  after  the  massacre  of  the 
Spaniards  by  De  Gourges.     Thus  one 


event  begets  another  :  the  murder  of 
the  Huguenots,  —  the  murder  of  the 
Spaniards,  —  the  betrayal  of  the  Eng- 
lish,—  the  Drakes,  the  Hawkinses,  the 
avengers,  and  the  final  wresting  from 
Spain  of  a  large  part  of  her  American 
possessions. 

Meneudez  had  been  appointed  gov- 
ernor of  Cuba,  and  he  was  variously 
engaged  in  the  West  Indies  and  in 
Florida  during  1568-70.  In  1570  he 
had  a  mission  established  at  Axacan  in 
the  Chesapeake  Bay,  probably  on  the 
Rappahannock  River,  where  the  party 
was  massacred  by  the  Indians  Feb- 
rnai-y  8,  1571.  He  was  in  Spain  in 
1571,  returned  to  Florida  in  1572,  and 
sailed  to  the  Chesapeake  Bay  himself, 
where  he  captured  eight  Indians 
known  to  have  taken  part  in  the  mur- 
der of  tlie  Jesuits  (February  8,  1571), 
and  hanged  them  at  the  yard-arm  of 
his  vessel.  On  his  return  to  Spain  he 
was  appointed  to  command  the  great 
Armada  which  Philip  II.  was  collecting 
for  an  expedition  against  England  and 
Flanders  ;  but  before  it  was  ready  to 
sail  Menendez  died  quite  suddenly  at 
Santander,  September  17,  1574,  aged 
55. 

Parkraan  says,  "  It  was  he  who 
crushed  French  Protestantism  in 
America."  x\nd  yet  it  seems  that  he 
took  ijart  in  kindling  the  spark  at  the 
City  of  the  True  Cro^s  (September, 
1568)  which  had  a  wonderful  influence 
on  the  final  plantation  of  English  Prot- 
estant colonies  in  this  country. 

He  was  a  celebrated  admiral,  a  com- 
mander of  the  order  of  Santiago,  and 
was  styled  "  conqueror  of  Florida." 
The  Spaniards  regarded  him  as  "  a 
great  hero,  and  the  greatest  mariner 
known  in  his  time."  He  had  much  of 
the  country  which  now  is  Virginia, 
North  and  South  Carolina,  Georgia, 
and  Florida  explored,  and  is  said  to 
have  made  "  more  than  fifty  exploring 
voyages  to  and  in  the  West  Indies  by 
which  he  facilitated  the  navigation  of 
the  Atlantic,  which  before  him  was 
very  difficult  and  dangerous." 

Dr.  Shea  gives  an  account  of  Me- 
nendez in  the  "  Nar.  and  Crit.  Hist,  of 
America,"  aoI.  ii.,  and  Dr.  Parkman 
gives  his  portrait  and  a  sketch  of  his 
life  in  "  Pioneers  of  France  in  the 
New  World." 

His  only  son  was  lost  at  sea  near 


948 


MEXENDEZ  —  MICHELBORNE 


the  Bermudas  iu  1561,  and  he  was 
succeeded  as  governor  and  captain- 
general  of  Florida  by  his  nephew, 
Pedro  Menendez  de  Avil^s,  son  of  his 
brother,  Gen.  Alvaro  Sanches  de  Avi- 
l^s.  It  was  this  nephew,  I  suppose, 
who  made  the  survey,  took  the  sound- 
ings, and  wrote  the  "  exact  descrip- 
tion "  of  the  Chesapeake  Bay  iu  1573. 
The  exact  date  of  his  death  is  not 
known  ;  but  it  seems  from  CCCLX, 
that  he  was  living  when  Drake  made 
his  attack  on  St.  Augustine  in  1586. 
He  was  slain  by  the  Indians,  probably 
soon  after. 

I  infer  from  the  will  of  his  son  (of 
the  same  name)  dated  at  Valladolid, 
December  18,  1618,  that  there  had 
been  a  long  lawsuit  about  the  title  of 
governor,  and  "  the  capitulations  of 
Florida."  I  am  not  certain  who  was 
really  in  authority  there  during  the 
time  of  which  we  write  (1605-16)  ; 
but  it  is  important  to  keep  Florida  in 
mind,  while  making  a  study  of  the 
early  history  of  Virginia. 

Merrett  (or  Marriott,  Maryot, 
etc.),  Humfrey,  3.  Sub.  £37  10s.; 
pd.   £12  10s.     A  Huguenot. 

Merrick,  John,  merchant,  2.  Sub. 
£37  10s.;  pd.  £75.  Son  of  William 
Merrick,  of  Gloucester  ;  a  member  of 
the  Rus.  Co.,  he  was  for  many  years 
the  agent  of  that  company  in  Mus- 
covia,  where  he  obtained  many  trading 
privileges  for  the  English  merchants. 
He  was  also  of  the  E.  I.  Co.  In  1610 
he  aided  iu  sending  out  Hudson  ;  an 
incorporator  of  the  N.  W.  P.  Co.  iu 
1612;  knighted  at  Greenwich  June  13, 
1614,  and  sent  ambassador  from  King 
James  to  the  Emperor  of  Russia. 
June  30,  1614,  Chamberlain  writes  : 
"  Sir  John  Merricke,  my  brother 
George's  wife's  uncle,  is  gone  ambas- 
sador into  ^Muscovy.  Ho  was  knighted 
and  made  a  gentleman  of  the  privy 
chamber,  and  well  graced  by  the  king 
before  his  going.  He  carries  about 
thirty  men  in  liveries,  besides  seven 
or  eight  gentlemen,  whereof  Recher 
[afterwards  Sir  William  Becher], 
that  was  with  the  Lord  Clifford,  is  one 
])ut  to  him  by  Mr.  Secretary,  for  tliat 
there  is  some  business  to  be  done  be- 
twixt the  ^luscovito  and  the  King  of 
Sweden,  by  liis  Majesty's  mediation, 
wherein  he  may  serve  as  secretary." 
Sir  John  was  instrumental  iu  negoti- 


ating the  treaty  between  the  Emperor 
of  Russia  and  Gustavus  Adolphus  of 
Sweden,  which  was  signed  at  Stolbova 
February  27,  1617.  He  returned  to 
Loudon  in  November,  1617,  bringing 
with  him  a  Russian  ambassador,  who 
brought  the  king  presents  of  white 
hawks,  live  sables,  etc.;  again  ambas- 
sador to  Russia,  1620-22  ;  afterwards 
governor  of  the  Mus.  Co.;  M.  P.  for 
Newcastle-under-Lyme,  1640,  and  1610 
till  secluded  in  1648  ;  sergeant-major 
in  parliamentary  army,  and  president 
of  the  council  of  war  iu  1642,  and 
afterwards  general  of  the  ordnance. 
He  married,  first,  Frances,  daughter 
of  Sir  Francis  Cherry,  of  London,  for 
whom  Cherry  Island  was  named;  and, 
secondly.  Dame  Jane  Witch,  at  Put- 
ney, on  May  1,  1647,  when  he  must 
have  been  very  old. 

Merry,  Thomas,  esquire,  3.     Sub. 

;  pd.  .      "Clerk  compt'ler." 

knighted  at  Auckland  in  Durham  in 
1617.  He  was  the  cousin  and  executor 
of  John  Puntis,  vice-admiral  of  Vir- 
ginia, who  died  in  1624. 

Meteren,  Emanuel  Van.    Flemish 
historian,  born  1535  ;  died  1612. 
Mew^tis,     Captain     Thomas,     2. 

Sub. ;  pd. .     Lost  a  limb  in 

the  service;  probably  served  under  Sir 
Francis  Vere  in  the  Low  Countries  ; 
on  August  16,  1608,  Vere  wrote  to  the 
Earl  of  Salisbury  that  Captain  Mew- 
tys  had  slandered  him;  knighted  at 
Whitehall,  February  10,  1611.  Still 
living  iu  1614.  His  sister  Frances 
was  the  second  wife  to  Robert,  Earl  of 
Essex  ;  his  sister  Jane  Meautis  mar- 
ried, first.  Sir  William  Cornwallis, 
secondly.  Sir  Nicholas  Bacon,  K.  B. 
His  first  cousin,  Thomas  Mewtis  or 
Meautis,  of  Westham  in  Essex,  was  the 
father  of  Frances  Meautis,  who  mar- 
ried Sir  John  Thorogood,  the  brother 
of  Capt.  Adam  Thorogood  of  Virginia, 
whose  widow,  Sarah,  or  Susan  (Offley), 
married,  secondly,  Capt.  John  Gookin, 
and,  tliirdly,  Col.  Francis  Yeardley, 
son  of  Sir  George. 

Michelborne,     Sir    Ed-ward,    2. 

Sub. ;   pd.  £12  10s.     M.  P.  for 

Bramber,  1592-93;  captain  in  the  fleet 
at  the  Azores  under  Essex  in  1597  ; 
knighted  by  Essex  at  Dublin  August 
5,  1599  ;  "  a  citizen  and  alderman  of 
London  and  an  incorporator  of  the 
East   India   Company   in    December, 


MICHELBORXE  —  MILDMAY 


949 


1600;  but  before  the  company  was  in- 
corporated, on  October  3,  1600,  the 
lord  treasurer  wrote  a  letter  to  the 
company,  trying  to  persuade  them 
"  to  accept  of  the  employment  of  Sir 
Edward  Michelborne  on  the  proposed 
vojage  to  the  East  Indies,  as  a  prin- 
cipal commander  ; "  but  they  resolved 
not  to  employ  any  gentleman  in  any 
place  of  charge  or  command  in  the 
voyage,  and  begged  the  lord  treasurer 
"  to  give  them  leave  to  sort  their  busi- 
ness with  men  of  their  own  quality." 
Sir  Edward  evidently  did  not  submit 
gracefully  to  this  decision,  and  on  July 
6,  1001,  he  was  "  disfranchised  out  of 
the  freedom  and  priviledges  of  this 
fellowship,  and  utterly  disabled  from 
taking  any  benefit  or  profit  thereby," 
by  order  of  the  court  of  tlie  E.  I.  Co. 
However,  Sir  Edward  was  determined 
to  make  a  voyage  to  the  East  Indies, 
and  on  June  18  or  25,  1604,  he  ob- 
tained "license  to  discover  the  coun- 
tries of  Cathaia,  China,  Japan,  Corea, 
and  Cambaia,  »&;c.,  and  to  trade  with 
the  people  there,  notwithstanding  any 
grant  or  charter  to  the  contrary."  He 
sailed  from  the  Cowes  December  1, 
1601,  in  the  Tiger,  a  ship  of  240  tons, 
"  with  a  Piunasse  called  the  Tigres 
whelpe."  On  December  27,  1605, 
Capt.  John  Davis,  liis  second  in  com- 
mand, was  killed  in  a  fight  with  the 
Japanese.  Returning  to  England,  he 
came  to  an  anchor  in  "  Portsmouth 
Roade  "  July  9,  1606.  On  August  12, 
1606,  Mr.  John  Pory  wrote  to  Sir 
Robert  Cotton  that  "  Sir  Edward 
Michelbourne  hath  cleared  himself 
with  great  honour." 

M.  C.  for  Ya.,  March  9,  1607.  On 
January  26, 1608,  he  was  consulted  by 
the  E.  I.  Co.  regarding  the  fittest 
places  for  trade  in  India,  etc.,  and 
among  other  places  he  called  their 
attention  to  Mocha,  since  so  famous 
for  its  coffee.  He  was  buried  the  4th 
day  of  May,  1609,  at  Hackney,  near 
London. 

Middlesex,  Earl  of.  —  Lionell 
Cranfield. 

Middleton,  John,  esquire,  3.    Sub. 

;  pd.  iCiS  OS.     Nicholas  Lichfield 

and  himself,  as  partners,  invested  in  a 
single  share  (£12  10s.)  in  the  Virginia 
enterprise,  and  the  auditors,  in  audit- 
ing the  accounts,  divided  it,  assigning 
a  half  to  each.     (He  was  probably  the 


M.  P.  for  Horsham,  1014-29,  and  of  a 
distinct  family  from  Robert.) 

Middleton,    Robert,    skinner,    2. 

Sub  ;  pd.  £37  10s.     Also  of  E.  I. 

and  N.  W.  P.  companies;  M.  P.  Mel- 
combe,  1604-11,  and  for  London, 
1614.  Maurice  Abbott  and  liiraself 
represented  the  English  E.  I.  Co.  in 
their  negotiations  with  the  Dutch  E. 

1.  Co.  in  1614—15.  He  was  a  brother 
to  Sir  Hugh  Middleton,  founder  of 
the  New  River,  Loudon,  and  of  the 
next. 

Middleton,  Sir  Thomas,   grocer, 

2.  Sub.  £37  10s.;  pd.  £62  10s.  Son 
of  Richard  Middleton,  Esq.,  governor 
of  Denbigh  Castle,  times  Edward  VI., 
Mary,  and  Elizabeth  ;  apprenticed  to 
Ferdinaudo  Pointz  of  the  Grocers' 
Company,  London  ;  admitted  to  free- 
dom, January  14,  1582,  and  to  the 
livery,  March  21,  1592;  M.  P.  for 
Merioneth,  1597-98  ;  paid  £20  as  his 
share  of  the  loan  to  Queen  Elizabeth 
in  1598  ;  an  adventurer  in  the  East 
India  voyage  of  1599,  and  an  incorpo- 
rator of  the  E.  I.  Co.  in  1600;  elected 
alderman  for  Queenhithe  ward,  iMay 
24, 1603;  chosen  sheriff,  June  24, 1603; 
knighted  at  Whitehall,  July  26,  1603; 
alderman  for  Queenhithe  ward,  1603  to 
1613  ;  he  removed  to  Coleman  Street 
ward,  March  22,  1613,  and  was  alder- 
man for  that  ward  until  his  death  in 
1631  ;  Lord  Mayor  of  London,  1613- 
14.  The  New  River  Head  was  opened 
by  his  celebrated  brother  Hugh,  with 
great  pomp,  on  the  day  of  his  election 
to  the  mavoraltv  on  Michaelmas  Day 
(September  2^),  1613.  On  August  1, 
1621,  "yt  pleased  the  Right  Worship- 
ful Knight,  Sir  Thomas  Middleton,  to 
make  a  very  religious  speach  and  ex- 
hortation to  the  whole  assemblie  of  the 
Misterie  of  the  Grocerie  of  London." 
M.  P.  for  London  1624-25,  1625,  and 
1626;  died  August  12,  1631  ;  a  bene- 
factor of  the  Grocers'  Company. 
"  Purchased  the  manor  of  Stansted 
Montfiehet,  in  Essex,  where  he  lyes 
buried  witii  a  long  Epitaph."  A  mer- 
chant father  of  the  city  ;  had  four 
wives.  His  first  wife  was  Hester, 
daughter  of  Sir  Richard  Saltonstall. 

Mildmay,  Sir  Henry.     Sub. ; 

pd.  .     There  were  three  kniglits 

of  this  name  at  this  time.  Two  (and 
probably  all  three)  of  them  were  in- 
terested in  the   American  enterprise. 


950 


MILDMAY—  MONSON 


In  reading  the  records  of  the  time  it 
is  frequently  impossible  to  tell  the  one 
from  the  other  ;  but  the  following  ex- 
tract from  the  Mildmay  pedigree  will 
give  their  relationship  to  each  other  : 
Thomas  Mildmay,  of  Chelmsford  in 
Essex  (living  lo'J.1),  left  four  sons:  1. 
Thomas,  2.  VVilliam,  3.  Walter,  and  4. 
John. 

1.  Thomas  married  Avise,  sister  of 
Benjamin  Gonson,  and  their  son,  Sir 
Thomas,  was  the  father  of  ISir  Thomas 
(baronet)  and  of  Sir  Henry  (the  first) 
of  Woodham  Walter  ;  knighted  June 
19,  1607. 

2.  William  married  Elizabeth  Pas- 
call,  and  their  sou.  Sir  Thomas,  mar- 
ried a  daughter  of  Adam  Winthrop 
of  Groton  (grandfather  of  Gov.  John 
Winthrop  of  Massachusetts),  and  were 
the  parents  of  William  (who  married 
Margaret  Hervey,  the  cousin  of  Capt. 
Edward  Maria  Wingfield)  and  of  Sir 
Henry  (the  second),  knighted  at  Dub- 
lin Castle  May  25,  1605,  who  married 
Alice,  daughter  of  Sir  William  Harris 
and  niece  of  Sir  Thomas  Smythe. 

3.  Walter,  the  privy  councilor  and 
founder  of  Emmanuel  College,  Cam- 
bridge, married  Mary,  sister  to  Sir 
Francis  Walsingham,  and  their  son, 
Sir  Humphrey,  of  Danbury  Place,  Es- 
sex (where  Capt.  John  Smitli  some- 
time found  a  sanctuary,  and  where  he 
"  writ,"  as  he  tells  us,  his  "  Advertise- 
ments for  the  unexperienced  Planters 
of  New  England  or  any  where  "),  was 
the  father  of  Sir  Henry  (the  tliird), 
knighted  at  Kendall,  August  9,  1617. 
Master  of  the  jewel  office,  161S;  mar- 
ried, in  April,  1619,  Ann,  daughter  of 
Alderman  Halliday  (who  died  in  1623, 
and  his  widow  Susanna,  afterwards 
married  Robert  Rich,  Earl  of  War- 
wick). He  sat  on  the  trial  of  Charles 
I.  in  January,  16-49,  and  was  a  mem- 
ber of  the  Privy  Council  under  the 
commonwealth. 

4.  John,  of  Cretingham  in  Suffolk, 
was  the  father  of  Robert  Mildmay, 
grocer,  of  London. 

Mildmay,  Robert,  grocer,  2.  Sub. 
£37  10s.  ;  pd.  £37  10s.  Of  Lomber 
Streete,  London,  and  Tarling  in  Essex; 
was  ajiprenticcd  to  Henry  Stryekc- 
land,  grocer  ;  admitted  freeman, 
1587  ;  paid  £10  as  his  share  of  loan 
to  Queen  J^lizabeth  in  1598  ;  member 
of  the  Court  of  Assistants,  October  '22, 


1613  ;  made  renter  for  the  year  1616 
with  Robert  Johnson  ;  elected  alder- 
man of  Vintry  ward,  September  19, 
1626,  but  refused  to  serve,  and  was 
fined  £500  ;  member  of  the  E.  I.  and 
N.  W.  P.  companies.  He  married, 
first,  .  .  .  daughter  to  .  .  .  Cranfleld, 
and,  secondly,  Jane,  daughter  to  Sir 
Richard  Deane,  and  was  still  living  in 
1634. 

Mildmay,  Thomas,  esquire,  3. 
Sub.  £37  10s.  ;  pd.  £12  10s.  Son  of 
Sir  Thomas,  of  Moulsham,  who  was 
fii'st  cousin  to  Avis  Gonson,  the  wife 
of  Sir  John  Hawkins  ;  M.  P.  for 
Maldon,  1593;  created  a  baronet,  June 
29,  1611  ;  married  twice,  but  died  s. 
]).  February  13,  1626. 

Miller,   John,   3.     Sub." ;  pd. 

£37  10s. 

Miller,  Sir  Robert,  3.  Sub.  £37 
10s.  ;  pd.  £37  10s.  Of  Dorset ; 
knighted  at  Whitehall,  July  23,  1603. 

Millet,  William,  grocer,  3.     Sub. 

;  pd.  £37  10s.     Of  E.  I.  and  N. 

W.  P.  companies  ;  died  in  1631  ;  a 
benefactor  to  the  parish  of  Xorwood, 
etc. 

Mitchell  (or  Michell),  Sir  Bar- 
tholomeAv.  Of  Nottinghamshire  ; 
knighted  at  Whitehall,  May  12,  1604  ; 
M.  C.  for  Va.,  March  9,  1607.  (Re- 
lated to  the  Pophams?) 

Mockett,  Master  Doctor  (Rich- 
ard). Warden  of  All  Souls  College, 
Oxford  ;  author  of  "  Politia  Ecclesije 
Anglicanse,"  which  was  burned  in 
1616,  and  Mocket  is  said  to  have  died 
from  the  shock  of  the  humiliation. 

Moles,  Captain  Henry.     Pd.  £25. 

Molina,  Diego  de.  E.  L  Co. 
Records,  June  12,  1618  :  "  Letter 
read  from  Henry  Bacon,  lately  re- 
turned from  Sir  W.  Ralegh's  voyage, 
stating  that  MoUina,  who  was  prisoner 
in  Va.,  incites  the  king  of  Spain  to  send 
forces  to  suppress  Virginia,  b}'^  the 
hopes  of  a  silver  mine  there,  from 
which  he  shovs's  a  piece  to  justify  the 
truth  thereof." 

Monger,   James,   2.      Sub. : 

pd.  £25.  Of  St.  Michael  Basishaw, 
London,  gent.  ;  married,  in  1622,  Su- 
san, daughter  of  William  Hammond. 

Monmouth,  Earl  of.  —  Robert 
Carey. 

Monsell.     See  Maunsell. 

Monson,  Sir  Thomas,  2.  Sub. 
;  pd. .     Elder  brother  of  Sir 


ELIZABETH   STUART 


MONSON  —  MONTAGUE 


951 


William  (the  next);  born  about  15G6; 
knighted  in  39  Elizabeth  ;  created  a 
baronet,  IGll;  M.  F-Cnekdule,  1014  ; 
a  great  lover  of  music  ;  died  in  Mav, 
1641. 

Monson,  Sir  "William.  Third 
surviving  son  of  Sir  Jolni  Monson  ; 
born  about  15G9  ;  froiu  his  youth  in 
the  sea  service  ;  became  a  celebrated 
admiral.  In  his  naval  tracts,  he  re- 
cited the  names  of  the  ships  in  which 
he  served,  as  follows:  "  In  tlie  Charles, 
whereof  I  had  no  command  in  1-j88 
[the  year  of  the  Spanish  invasion]  ; 
in  the  Victory,  in  which  voyage  I  was 
vice-admiral  to  my  lord  of  Cumber- 
land, 1589  ;  in  the  Garland,  1591;  the 
Lion,  1593  ;  the  Rainbow,  159-5  ;  the 
Repulse,  159G  [he  was  knighted  by 
the  Earl  of  Essex  at  Cadiz  in  1.596]  ; 
the  Rainbow,  1597  [the  Island  voy- 
age] ;  the  Defiance,  1.599  ;  the  Gar- 
land, IGOO  ;  the  Nonpareille,  IGOl  ; 
the  Swiftsure,  1G02  ;  the  Mary  Rose, 
1G02  ;  the  Mere  Honour,  1G02  [his 
noted  voyage  with  Sir  Richard  Levi- 
son  to  tlie  coast  of  Spain  and  Portugal 
in  1602]  ;  the  Mere  Honour,  1603  ; 
the  Vengeance,  1604  ;  the  Rainbow, 
1605;  the  Assurance,  1G06  ;  the  Rain- 
bow, 1607  ;  tlie  Vengeance,  1609;  the 
Assurance,  1610;  the  Rainbow,  1611; 
the  Adventure,  1612  ;  the  Assurance, 
1613  ;  the  Lion,  1614  ;  and  the  Non- 
such, 1615."  He  was  a  pensioner  of 
Spain.  Early  in  1616  Sir  John  Digby 
returned  from  Spain  with  evidence, 
implicating  the  Earl  of  Somerset,  Sir 
Robert  Cotton,  and  Sir  William  Mon- 
son, the  vice-admiral,  in  certain  clan- 
destine negotiations  witli  Spain.  "  It 
was  popularly  reported  that  Sir  Wil- 
liam Monson  was  under  an  agreement 
to  carry  over  the  English  fleet  to  the 
Spaniards."  He  was  committed  close 
prisoner  to  tlie  Tower,  January  13, 
and  "sett  at  libertye,"  July  17,  1616. 
In  1620  he  patented  lands  in  Virginia 
with  certain  conditions  (see  Stith,  p. 
184).  In  1G35  he  was  viee-admiral  of 
the  fleet  sent  out  to  "  restore  the  an- 
cient sovereignty  of  the  narrow  seas 
to  the  King  of  England."  He  was 
seated  at  Kinnersley  in  Surrey  ;  died 
in  February,  1643,  and  was  buried  in 
St.  Martin's  in  the  Fields,  London. 

Montague,  Sir   Henry,    2.     Sub. 

;   pd.  .     Born  at  Boughton, 

Northamptonshire,  in  15G3.     "  In  his 


tender  years  it  was  foretold  of  him 
that  he  would  raise  himself  above  the 
rest  of  his  family."  Educaied  in 
Christ's  College  in  Cambridge  and  in 
the  Middle  Temple  in  London  ;  called 
to  the  bar  of  the  Middle  Temple  ;  M. 
P.  for  Iligham  Ferrers,  1592-93, 1597- 
98,  and  1601  ;  recorder  of  London, 
May  26,  1603,  to  November  16,  1616  ; 
knighted  at  Whitehall,  July  23,  1(503  ; 
M.  P.  for  London,  1604-11  ;  M.  C.  for 
Va.,  November  20,  1606  ;  M.  C.  for 
Va.  Co.,  May  23,  1609  ;  sergeant  at 
law,  1611  ;  M.  P.  for  London,  1614  ; 
lent  the  E.  I.  Co.  £8,000  at  8  per 
cent,  in  1615  ;  conducted  the  prose- 
cution of  the  Earl  and  Countess  of 
Somerset,  1616.  "  Upon  his  resigna- 
tion of  the  Recordership  of  London 
lie  w'as  presented  with  two  hundred 
double  sovereigns  by  the  corporation, 
as  a  thankful  renaembrance  for  his 
many  careful  endeavours  for  the  city." 
Chief  justice  of  the  King's  Bench,  No- 
vember 18,  1616,  to  December,  1620  ; 
admitted  a  free  brother  of  the  E.  I. 
Co.,  gratis,  December  16,  1617  ;  pre- 
sided on  the  trial  of  Sir  Walter 
Ralegh,  1618;  lord  treasurer,  Decem- 
ber 14,  1620,  to  1621.  "  He  was  made 
lord  treasurer  by  the  interest  of  Buck- 
ingham, but  was  pulled  down  the  next 
year  by  the  hand  that  raised  him,  as 
he  was  not  sufficiently  obsequious  to 
that  haughty  favorite."  Lilly,  the 
astrologer,  tells  us  in  the  "  Memoirs 
of  his  Own  Life,"  that  "  the  Lord  Chief 
Justice  Montague  was  on  his  trial 
found  guilty  by  a  peevish  jury  ;  but 
petitioning  King  James  by  a  Greek 
petition  (as  indeed  he  was  an  excel- 
lent Grecian),  By  mil  Saul,  said  King 
James,  this  man  shall  not  die,  I  think 
he  is  a  better  Grecian  than  any  of  my 
Bishops. ''  Raised  to  the  peerage  as 
Baron  Montague  of  Kimbolton  and 
Viscount  Mandevil,  December  19, 
1620  ;  lord  president  of  the  council, 
October,  1621.  In  1623,  while  inves- 
tigating the  affairs  of  the  Va.  Co.  of 
London,  he  became  convinced  that 
they  were  not  well  managed.  He  ex- 
amined the  letters  "  that  make  a  map 
of  the  Colony's  misery,"  and  "the 
business  appearing  very  foul,  many  at 
first  unwilling  were  now  content  to 
have  it  ripped  up  ;  "  that  "  relieved 
they  must  he,  and  that  presently,"  and 
it  was  determined  to  annul  the  charter 


952 


MONTAGUE  —  MONTMORENCIE 


and  take  the  colony  under  the  protec- 
tion of  the  crown.  June  24,  10'24,  the 
Lord  President  Mandeville  was  one  of 
the  committee  appointed  by  order  of 
the  Privy  Council  "  to  resolve  upon 
the  Well-settling  of  tlie  Colony  of 
Virginia  and  to  give  order  for  the 
Government."  July  15,  1624,  he  was 
one  of  the  royal  commission  for  wind- 
ing up  the  Va.  Co.  of  London  ;  cre- 
ated Earl  of  Manchester,  February  5, 
1G26  ;  keeper  of  the  privy  seal,  1027; 
"  one  of  the  commission  for  making 
laws  and  orders  for  government  of 
English  colonies  planted  in  foreign 
parts,  April  28,  1634." 

"  He  departed  this  life  on  Novem- 
ber 7,  1642,  and  had  sepulture  at  Kim- 
bolton,  where  a  noble  monument  is 
erected  to  his  memory." 

The  Kimbolton  Manuscripts,  Duke 
of  Manchester  Records,  contain  many 
papers  of  interest  and  of  value  rela- 
tive to  our  foundation.  I  have  copies 
of  some  of  them,  which  have  been  of 
much  service  to  me  in  compiling  this 
work,  although  they  are  generally  of 
a  later  date  than  1616. 


Montague,  James,  Lord  Bishop  of 

Bath  and  Wells,  2.      Sub.  ;    pd. 

£75.  «  Fifth  son  of  Sir  Edward  Mon- 
tague, of  Boughton,  and  grandson  of 
the  celebrated  Sir  Edward  Montagu 
(1490-1557),  the  lord  chief  justice, 
times  Henry  VIII.  and  Edward  VI., 
and  brother  to  Sir  Henry  Montague, 
the  lord  chief  justice,  time  James  I.  ; 
born  about  1568 ;  educated  at  Christ's 
College  in  Cambridge  ;  the  first  mas- 
ter (in  1598)  of  Sidney  College  in  that 
university,  to  which  he  was  a  great 
benefactor.  He  may  indeed  be  traced 
through  all  his  preferments,  by  his 
public  benefactions  and  acts  of  munif- 
icence. He  was  noted  for  his  pi'.'ty, 
Tirtue,  and  learning.  AVhcn  tiie  uni- 
versity went  to  miiet  James  I.  on  his 
coming   from    Scotland,    his   majesty 


first  took  notice  of  him  at  Hinchin- 
broke  (the  seat  of  the  loyal  Sir  Oliver 
Cromwell,  uncle  to  the  usurper),  and 
was  so  pleased  with  his  conversation 
as  a  scholar,  and  his  behavior  as  a  gen- 
tleman, that  he  first  made  him  Dean 
of  the  royal  chapel,  and  afterwards 
Dean  of  Worcester  on  the  17th  of  De- 
cember, 1604  ; "  consecrated  Bishop  of 
Bath  and  Wells,  April  17, 1608;  M.  C. 
for  Va.  Co.,  May  23,  1609. 

"In  1616  he  was  translated  to  the 
opulent  bishoprick  of  Winchester. 
Also  for  his  faithfulness,  dexterity, 
and  prudence,  King  James,  who  did 
ken  a  man  of  merit  as  well  as  any 
prince  in  Christendom,  chose  him  to 
be  one  of  his  Privy  Council,  and,  that 
he  might  be  near  him,  continued  him 
dean  of  his  chapel,  not  only  when  he 
was  Bishop  of  Bath  and  Wells,  but 
of  Winchester  likewise,  during  which 
time  he  translated  his  majesty's  works 
into  Latin.  He  was  a  nursing  father  to 
Sidney  College,  and  to  the  University 
of  Cambridge  in  general  no  small  bene- 
factor, in  bringing  running  water,  at  a 
great  expense,  into  King's  Ditch,  which 
being  at  first  made  for  its  defence,  was 
become  nauseous  to  it.  He  laid  out 
large  sums  in  repairing  and  beautify- 
ing tlie  church  and  episcopal  palace 
at  Wells,  and  in  finishing  the  church 
at  Bath,  in  which  lie  desired  to  be 
buried.  He  died  July  20,  1618,  aged 
fifty,  and  was  interred  on  August  20 
following,  on  the  north  side  of  the 
church  ;  and  over  the  grave  is  an 
altar-monument  erected  between  two 
pillars  of  the  same  church,  with  his 
effigies  in  full  proportion  painted  to 
the  life,  lying  thereon." 

He  was  a  great  admirer  of  James  I., 
and  was  a  favorite  of  that  king's. 

Monteagle,  Lord.  — William  Par- 
ker. 

Montford.     See  Mountford. 

Montgomery,  Earl  of.  —  Philip 
Herbert. 

Montmorencie,  Henry  de,  ad- 
miral of  France.  Son  of  Henry  L, 
Duke  de  Montmorency  ;  was  born  at 
Chantilly,  April  30,  1595;  became  the 
idol  of  the  French  court  ;  grand  ad- 
miral of  France,  1612  ;  succeeded  his 
father  in  tlie  Ducliy  and  as  governor 
of  Languedoc,  1614  ;  corresponded 
with  Ralegh,  1616-17;  chevalier, 
1620  ;    marshal  of  France,  December 


MOONE  — MORE 


953 


11,  1630  ;  executed  at  Toulouse,  Octo- 
ber 30,  1032.  He  attempted  in  vain 
to  resist  the  rising  power  of  Riche- 
lieu. 

Moone,  Nicholas.     Pd.  £12  10s. 

Moore,  Adrian,  2.  Sub.  £37  10s.; 
pd.  £100.  Of  the  E.  I.  Co.;  a  part- 
ner with  William  and  Ralph  Freeman 
and  John  Eldred  in  the  preemption  and 
transportation  of  tin,  1608,  and  many 
years  after.  Howes,  writing  under 
the  date  1615,  says,  "  In  the  Tyme  of 
Queene  Elizabeth  there  was  a  Lecture 
of  the  Chiefe  Mathematicall  Sciences, 
viz  :  Geometry,  Astronomie,  Geogra- 
phic, Hydrographie,  and  the  Art  of 
Navigation  read  in  the  chappell  of 
Leadenhall,  but  now  it  is  discontinued. 
But  at  this  dale  there  is  a  lecture  of 
Cosmography  read  in  the  Blackefryers 
in  the  house  of  Adriauus  Marius," 
[Adrian  Moore?]. 

He  was  seated  at  Odyam,  Hants; 
and  married  Anne,  daughter  of  Sir 
Nicholas  Parker;  after  his  death  his 
widow  married  Sir  John  Smith. 

More,  Sir  George,  2.     Sub. ; 

pd.  £150.  Son  and  heir  of  Sir  William 
More,  of  Loseley,  by  his  first  wife,  Mar- 
garet, daughter  and  co-heir  of  Ralph 
Daniel,  Esq.,  of  Swaffham  in  Norfolk; 
born  November  28,  1553  ;  educated 
at  Exeter  College,  Oxford;  M.  P.  for 
Guildford,  1584-85, 1586-87, 1588-89, 
and  1592-93  ;  guardian  of  Edward, 
afterwards  Lord  Herbert  of  Cherbury; 
knighted  at  Whitehall  on  Shrove  Tues- 
day, 1597  ;  M.  P.  for  Surrey,  1597- 
98  ;  sheriff  of  Surrey  and  Sussex  in 
1598;  succeeded  his  father,  who  died 
July  20,  1600.  He  had  a  grant  from 
the  crown,  43  Elizabeth,  of  the  lord- 
ship and  hundred  of  Godalming;  M. 
P.  for  Surrey.  1001.  In  1600  his 
daughter  Anne  (born  1584)  was  mar- 
ried against  his  wish  to  John  Donne, 
afterwards  Dean  of  St.  Paul's.  (More 
was  not  then  lieutenant  of  the  Tower 
as  sometimes  stated.)  M.  P.  for  Guild- 
ford again  in  1604-1611  ;  appointed 
receiver-general  to  Henry,  Prince  of 
Wales,  in  1604.  On  January  21, 1606, 
he  made  a  motion  in  Parliament  for 
more  severe  laws  against  popery, 
"  seconded  by  Sir  Francis  Hastings, 
and  thirdly  by  the  king's  solicitor : 
the  motion  prevailed."  In  1006  he 
had  the  honor  of  entertaining  James 
I.,  at  Loseley;  M.  C.  for  Va.,  Novem- 


ber, 1606.  February  14,  1610,  in  the 
debate  "  on  the  question  whether  Sir 
George  Somers'  seat  in  Parliament 
was  vacant  by  his  going  to  Virginia," 
Sir  George  More  said,  "  That  Sir 
George  Summers  ought  not  to  be  re- 
moved. That  it  was  no  disgrace ;  but 
a  grace  to  be  Governour  in  Virginia." 
In  1610  he  was  made  Chancellor  of 
the  Garter.  In  1012,  an  incorporator 
of  the  N.  W.  P.  Co.;  in  1614,  M.  P. 
for  Surrey.  In  November,  1615, 
he  was  appointed  lieutenant  of  the 
Tower  of  London;  received  the  war- 
rant for  Ralegh's  release,  January  30, 
1616;  sold  the  lieutenancy  to  Sir  Allen 
Apsley  for  £2,500,  and  was  succeeded 
by  him  in  that  office,  March  3,  1617; 
M.  P.  for  Guildford  in  1621-22  and 
1624-25,  and  for  Surrey  again  in  1625; 
died  October  16,  1632. 

He  married  Ann,  daughter  and  co- 
heir of  Sir  Adrian  Poynings,  Knt.,  and 

widow  of  Knight,   Esq.,   of    St. 

Denys,  Hants,  by  whom  (who  died 
November  19, 1590)  he  had  issue,  four 
sons  and  five  daughters. 

More  (or  Moore),  John,  esquii-e, 

2.     Sub. ;  pd. .     Recorder  of 

Winchester  ;  M.  P.  for  Winchester, 
1597  and  1604-11. 

More  (or  Moore),  John,  esquire, 

2.    Sub.  ;  pd. .     Recorder  of 

Lymingtonin  1606;  M.  P.  Lymington, 
1624-25,  1625,  and  1626. 

More,  Richard.  The  first  gov- 
ernor of  the  Bermudas,  1612-1615. 
He  went  with  Ralegh  to  Guiana,  and 
died  there  in  1617. 

More,  Sir  Thomas.  Born  in  Lon- 
don, 1480  ;  an  envoy  to  Charles  I., 
at  Bruges  in  October,  1514,  and  again 
in  May,  1515.  While  on  one  of  these 
embassies,  he  pretended  to  have  gotten 
the  material  for  his  "  Utopia  "  from  a 
Portuguese  who  had  "  run  the  same 
hazard  as  Americus  Vesputius  and 
bore  a  share  in  three  of  his  four  voy- 
ages that  are  now  published."  He 
may  really  have  met  with  one  of  the 
companions  of  Vespucius.  Tlie  "  Uto- 
pia" was  first  printed  at  Louvaiu  in 
1516.  The  "New  World"  probably 
made  its  first  appearance  on  the  Eng- 
lish stage  in  "  A  new  interlude  and  a 
mery  of  the  nature  of  the  iiii.  ele- 
ments." It  has  been  assigned  to  vari- 
ons  dates  from  1510  to  1520,  and  is 
thought    to    have    been    printed    by 


954 


MORE  —  MUNCKE 


More's  brother-in-law,  John  Rastel. 
One  of  the  characters  is  one  "  Expe- 
ryens  "  (Experience),  wlio  tells  of  his 
travels  in  "...  tliis  newe  lands 
founds  lately,  Ben  callyd  America,  by 
cause  only  Americus  dyd  furst  them 
fyude."  More  was  no  mean  actor, 
and  we  are  told  that  when  an  inter- 
lude was  being  performed  he  was  apt 
to  take  a  part.  Considering  the  rela- 
tionship of  Rastel  and  More,  and  the 
similar  Vespuciau  idea  of  the  "  Inter- 
lude "  and  "  Utopia,"  and  More's  taste 
for  interludes,  it  seems  probable  that 
he  was  the  author  of  this  one.  It 
also  seems  certain  that  in  England, 
as  early  as  1515,  Americus  Vespucius 
was  regarded  as  the  discoverer  of  this 
continent,  by  such  men  as  Sir  Thomas 
More,  Sir  Thomas  Eliot,  and  John 
Rastel.  Possibly  America  is  rightly 
named  after  all. 

Sir  Thomas  More  was  privy  coun- 
cilor about  1519;  speaker  of  the  House 
of  Commons,  1523  ;  lord  chancellor, 
1529-32  ;  committed  to  the  Tower, 
April  17,  1534;  beheaded  before  the 
Tower,  July  6,  1535.  The  "  Utopia  " 
should  be  esjiecially  interesting  to  us, 
as  it  is  an  idea  of  a  perfect  republic  in 
the  newly  discovered  America.  More's 
sister  Elizabeth  married  John  Rastall 
the  printer,  and  was  the  mother  of  M. 
Rastel  who  came  to  America  in  1536, 
and  this  fact  again  illustrates  the  in- 
terest taken  in  the  New  World  by  the 
family. 

Morer     (or    Moorer),    Richard, 

grocer,  3.    Sub. ;  pd.  £25.    Of  All 

Hallows  Barking  ;  a  leading  grocer  ; 
possibly  related  to  the  Rev.  Richard 
Hakluyt.  He  was  on  the  Virginia 
Commission  of  July  15,  1624,  and  on 
the  Tobacco  Commission  of  November 
9, 1624.  He  married,  in  1608,  "  Bridg- 
ett  Carliell  of  St.  Swithin,  spinster, 
daughter  of  Lawrence  Carliell  late 
citizen  and  skinner  of  London,  de- 
ceased." 

Moreton    (or    Morton),    Ralph, 

gent.,  2.     Sub. ;  pd.  £30.     Came 

to  Virginia  in  1607. 

Morgan,    Sir    Charles,    2.      Sub. 

;     pd. .    Of    Herefordshire; 

knighted  at  Whitehall,  July  23,  1603; 
served  in  the  Thirty  Years'  War;  was 
a  personal  friend  to  William  Herbert, 
E.Trl  of  Pembroke. 

Morgan,  Captain  Matthew^.  Serv- 


ing in  the  Netherlands,  1586-87; 
knighted  before  Rouen,  1591  ;  M.  P. 
Brecknock,  1593;  at  Cadiz,  1596. 

Morris,   Thomas,   2.      Sub. ; 

pd.  £87  10s. 

Morrison,  Sir  Richard,  served 
in  the  Low  Countries  and  in  Ireland; 
knighted  at  Dublin,  August  5,  1599; 
died  in  1625.  His  daughter  Letitia 
married  Lucius  Carey,  the  great  Vis- 
count Falkland. 

Morton,  Dr.  Thomas.  Born  at 
York,  March  20,  1564  ;  chaplain  to 
James  I.,  1606;  Dean  of  Gloucester, 
June  22,  1607;  Dean  of  Winchester, 
November  7,  1609;  Bishop  of  Chester 
(1615),  of  Lichfield  and  Coventry 
(1618),  and  Durham  (1632);  commit- 
ted to  the  Tower,  April,  1645  ;  died 
in  Northamptonshire,  September  22, 
1659.  His  daughter  Ann  married,  first, 
David  Yale,  and,  secondly,  Theophi- 
lus  Eaton,  the  first  governor  of  the 
colony  of  New  Haven  (Connecticut). 

Mountains    (or  Montaigne),  Dr. 

George,  3.     Sub. ;  pd.  £12  10s. 

"  Deane  of  Westminster  ; "  born  at 
Cawood  in  Y'^orkshire  ;  was  chaplain 
to  the  Earl  of  Essex,  and  attended 
him  on  his  voyage  to  Cales  ;  after- 
wards one  of  the  chaplains  to  King 
James;  Rector  of  Cheam,  1609;  Dean 
of  Westminster,  1610-17  ;  Bishop  of 
Lincoln,  1617-21,  and  of  London, 
1621-28.  He  conferred  holy  orders 
on  the  celebrated  Rev.  Hugh  Peters, 
and  was  interested  in  the  plantation  of 
Guiana,  South  America,  1628.  Arch- 
bishop of  York  in  June,  1628,  and 
died  October  24,  1628.  One  of  Ful- 
ler's "  Worthies  of  Yorkshire." 

Mountford         (or         Momford), 

Thomas,  esquire,  2.     Sub. ;  pd. 

£20.     Came  to  Virginia  in  1607. 

Mouse  (or  Mowse),  Arthur,  fish- 
monger, 2.  Sub.  £50.  ;  pd.  £37  10s. 
Second  son  of  Richard  Mowse,  of 
Wooborne  in  Com.  Bedford,  by  his  wife 
Elizabeth,  daughter  and  heir  of  John 
Scot,  of^Northfleete  in  Com.  Kent, 
esquire,  captaiue  of  the  Blockhouse  at 
Gravesend.  Arthur  was  living  at  the 
Visitation  of  1634,  and  was  alderman's 
deputy  for  the  ward  of  Walbrooke. 
Was  a  benefactor  of  the  Fishmongers. 

Mulgrave,  Earl  of.  —  Edmund 
Sheffield. 

Muncke,  Levinus.  "  A  Dutchman, 
who  came  young  into  England  ;    one 


MUNCKE  —  NEVILLE 


955 


of  the  secretaries  to  the  Earl  of  Salis- 
bury ;  one  of  the  keepers  and  regis- 
trars of  papers  and  records  concern- 
ing matters  of  state  and  council;  one 
of  the  clerkes  of  the  signet.  January 
8,  1619,  he  was  one  of  the  commis- 
sioners for  settling  differences  between 
England  and  the  United  Provinces, 
concerning  trade  into  the  East  Indies, 
and  was  afterwards  one  of  the  com- 
mittee of  the  English  E.  I.  Co. 

John  Chamberhiin,  Esq.,  wrote  to 
Sir  Dudley  Carleton  from  London  on 
June  14,  1023,  "  Leonus  Moncke  died 
lately,  very  ricli  for  a  clerk  of  the 
signet;  his  estate  falling  out,  they  say, 
toward  £40,000." 

His  daughter,  Jane  Muncke,  mar- 
ried Richard  Bennett,  of  London. 

Mundy,  Jervis,  3.  Sub.  £37  10s.; 
pd.  £12  10s. 

Munks,  Lawrence,  grocer,  2, 
Sub. ;  pd.  .  Sworn  to  free- 
dom March  7,  1597. 

Murray,  Sir  David,  3.  Sub.  £75; 
pd.  £137  10s.  One  of  the  liousehold 
of  Henry,  Prince  of  Wales  ;  came 
with  him  from  Scotland,  and  never 
quitted  him  till  his  last  breath  ;  N. 
W.  P.  Co.,  1G12.  He  wrote  "The 
Tragicall  Death  of  Sophonisba,"  pub- 
lished in  1611,  and  dedicated  to  Prince 
Henry.  He  also  wrote  "  Sonnets  to 
Coelia"  (1611),  and  "A  Paraphrase 
of  the  CIV.  Psalm,  1(315."  He  went 
in  the  train  of  Lord  Hay  to  France  in 
1616,  and  was  interested  in  the  mak- 
ing of  brimstone  and  Danish  copperas 
in  1617. 

Murray,  Sir  Jaine.5.  A  confiden- 
tial servant  to  King  James. 

Mutes  (or  Molex),  Philip.  Pd. 
£12  10s. 

Napier,  Sir  Robert,  knight  and 
baronet.     See  Robert  Sandy,  grocer. 

Nelson,  Master  Francis.  "  Prob- 
ably the  third  son  of  Tliomas  ^Nelson, 
Esq.,  of  Cheddleworth,  Berks,  by 
Mary,  daughter  of  Stephen  Duckett, 
Esq.,  of  Colne."  He  made  voyages 
to  Virginia  in  1606-07,  in  1607-08, 
and  in  1609  ;  N.  AV.  P.  Co.,  1612.  Li 
April,  1612,  he  sailed  from  England 
with  Capt.  Thomas  Button,  and  died  in 
Hudson's  Bay  in  the  winter  of  1612-13, 
at  "  Port  Nelson,"  which  was  named 
for  him,  and  he  was  buried  there, 
near    the    mouth    of   Nelson's   River 


(named  for  him),  which,  it  was  then 
hoped,  would  prove  to  be  a  ready  way 
to  the  Great  South  Sea. 

Neville,  Sir  Henry,  of  BiUingbear, 
Berkshire,  2.  Sub.  £37  10.s.;  pd. 
£37  10s.  Eldest  son  of  Sir  Henry 
Neville,  Senr.,  by  his  wife  Elizabeth, 
daughter  and  heir  of  Sir  John  Gresh- 
am.  The  celebrated  Sir  Thomas 
Gresham  left  by  his  will  to  his  neph- 
ew, Harry  Neville,  when  he  should 
attain  tlie  age  of  twenty,  the  sum  of 
one  hundred  pounds. 

M.  P.  for  Windsor  in  1584-85, 
1585-86,  and  1592-93;  sheriff  of 
Berkshire,  1594  ;  knighted  by  Essex 
for  gallantry  at  Cadiz  in  1596  ;  M.  P. 
for  Liskcard,  1597-98;  ambassador  to 
France,  April,  1599,  and  first  commis- 
sioner for  England  at  the  treaty  of 
Boulogne  in  the  summer  of  1600.  His 
correspondence  with  Ralph  Winwood, 
1599-1600,  has  been  published.  He 
returned  to  England  about  October, 
1600,  and  became  implicated  in  "  the 
Essex  insurrection,"  February,  1601, 
for  wiiich  he  was  committed  to  the 
Tower.  "  April  10,  1603,  the  Earl  of 
Southampton  and  Sir  Henry  Neville 
were  this  day  delivered  out  of  the 
Tower  by  a  warrant  from  King 
James."  M.  P.  for  Berkshire,  1604- 
11  ;  M.  C.  for  Va.,  IMarch  9,  1607. 

In  September,  1607,  he  obtained 
license  to  travel  for  three  years,  with 
his  son  and  William  Symondson,  fel- 
low of  Merton  College,  Oxford,  and 
while  on  his  travels,  in  April,  1609, 
he  was  "  arrested  for  a  pirate  by  mis- 
take." He  then  returned  to  England. 
M.  C.  for  Va.  Co.,  May  23,  1609. 

On  the  26th  of  May,%609,  Dudley 
Carleton  wrote  to  Sir  Thomas  Smith,, 
that  "  his  wife  was  brought  to  bed  on 
Ascension  Day,  and  begs  him  to  join 
with  Sir  Henry  Neville  as  sponsor,  in 
making  this  young  Cockney  a  Chris- 
tian." 

After  the  death  of  the  Earl  of  Salis- 
bury in  May,  1612,  Sir  Henry  Neville 
was  an  applicant  for  the  secretaryship. 
June  17,  1(512,  Chamberlain  wrote  to 
Carleton  that  "  Sir  Henry  Neville  has 
failed  of  the  Secretaryship  because  of 
the  flocking  of  Parliammit  men  to 
him.  The  king  says  he  will  not  have 
a  secretary  imposed  on  him  by  Parlia- 
ment." However,  Sir  Henry  contin- 
ued to  be  an  applicant  for  the  place. 


956 


NEVILLE  —  NEWPORT 


M.  P.  for  Berkshire  in  1614  ;  at  the 
head  of  the  party  called  "the  Under- 
takers." He  favored  the  project  for 
"  drawing  the  traffic  of  Persia  and  the 
inland  parts  of  the  East  Indies  up  the 
river  Hydaspes  (Jhyliim)  into  the  Oxus 
that  falls  into  the  Caspian  Sea,  whence 
the  commodities  are  to  be  brought  up 
the  Volga  to  a  strait  of  land  not  above 
forty  miles  wide,  and  so  into  the  Dwina, 
that  comes  to  St.  Nicholas  or  Arch- 
angel, the  ordinary  stations  of  English 
shipping  in  those  parts.' 

March  31,  1614,  he  was  admitted 
into  the  E.  I.  Co.,  and  adventured 
£800  in  the  next  voyage.  "  He  pub- 
lished an  edition  of  Chrysostom  in 
1614  at  a  great  cost."  February  9, 
1615,  "dangerously  ill;"  died  July 
10,  1615.  Lord  Carew  wrote  to  Sir 
Thomas  Roe,  "  Sir  Henry  Neville,  who 
would  have  been  Secretary  with  a  good 
will,  is  dead." 

He  married  Anne,  daughter  of  Sir 
Henry  Killigrew,  of  Cornwall,  and  had 
issue,  three  sons  and  six  daughters. 
The  eldest  son.  Sir  Henry  Neville,  the 
younger,  married  Elizabeth,  daughter 
of  Sir  John  Smith,  and  niece  of  Sir 
Thomas  Smith,  the  first  treasurer  of 
the  Va.  Co.  of  London.  Of  the 
daughters,  Elizabeth  married  Sir 
Henry  Berkeley,  the  brother  of  Sir 
William  Berkeley,  governor  of  Vir- 
ginia; Catherine  married  Sir  Richard" 
Brooke  ;  Mary  married  Sir  Edward 
Lukin  or  Lewknor  ;  and  Frances  mar- 
ried Sir  Richard  Worsley,  who  pa- 
.tented  lands  in  Virginia  in  1620. 

Neville,  Sir   Henry,   of  Kent,  3. 

-Sub.  £75  ;  pd. .     Possibly  son  of 

the  foregoing*  who  married  Elizabeth 
-Smith ;  was  knighted  at  Whitehall, 
JVIarch  30,  1609  ;  a  member  of  the 
African  Company  in  1618  ;  died  June 
29,  1629. 

Neville,  Sir  Henry,  of  Abergav- 
enny, 3.  Sub.  ;  pd. .  Suc- 
ceeded as  seventh  Baron  Abergavenny 
in  1622. 

Ne-wbridge,  Joseph,  smith,  2. 
Sub. ;  pd.  £20. 

Nevrce — Newse — Nuce,  George, 

gent.,   2,      Sub.  ;    pd.  £12   10s. 

Came  to  Virginia,  and  was  living  at 
Elizabeth  City  in  1024. 

Newce  —  New^se,  Henry,  2.    Sub. 

;   pd.  .     (The  origin  of  the 

name   "  Newport  News  "  in  Virginia 


is  a  mooted  question.  It  was  named 
about  the  same  time  as  Nieuw  Port 
Mey,  which  was  named  for  Cornells 
Jacobsen  Mey,  and  was  possibly  named 
New  Port  Newse,  for  one  of  the  Newce 
(or  Newse,  or  Nuce)  family.  In  ad- 
dition to  the  foregoing,  two  others  of 
this  family  emigrated  at  an  early  day, 
namely  :  Capt.  Thomas  Newse,  deputy 
for  the  company's  land  and  member 
of  the  council,  arrived  in  the  winter  of 
16110-21,  and  died  about  the  1st  of 
April,  1623,  leaving  a  widow  and  chUd, 
and  Capt.  William  Newse,  who  had 
served  in  Ireland  at  the  siege  of  Kin- 
sale  ;  in  May,  1605,  led  a  company  of 
Irish  to  enter  the  Spanish  service,  and, 
in  1606,  was  implicated  in  a  scheme 
to  deliver  Sluys,  Flushing,  and  other 
towns  to  tjie  Archduke  (see  Gardiner's 
"  Hist,  of  England,"  vol.  i.  pp.  344- 
47).  From  these  charges  he  seems  to 
have  cleared  himself,  and  was  soon 
after  again  in  Ireland.  He  was  the 
first  mayor  of  Bandon;  laid  out  a  town 
opposite  called  Newce's  Town;  offered 
to  transport  a  colony  to  Virginia,  April 
12,1621;  patented  lands  there;  chosen 
marshal  of  Virginia,  May  2,  1621 ; 
knighted  at  Theobald's,  May  31, 1621; 
added  to  the  Virginia  Council,  Jmie 
13,  1621  ;  went  over  with  Wyatt ;  ar- 
rived there  early  in  October,  1621,  and 
died  about  two  months  after.  The 
family  was  seated  at  Great  Hadham, 
Herts,  and  intermarried  with  the 
Washingtons,  Fanshawes,  etc.) 

Nevygate,  Christopher,  fishmon- 
ger. Pd.  £25  -j-  £6  5s.  Of  St. 
Lawrence,  Pountney,  London.  Mar- 
ried, in  1608,  Elizabeth,  daughter  of 
William  Tapp,  of  St.  Nicholas  Olave, 
fishmonger. 

Nev;-port,   Captain  Christopher, 

2.      Sub.  ;    pd.  .      He    was 

probably  born  between  1560  and  1570, 
and  possibly  entered  the  sea  service  at 
an  early  age.  He  is  said  to  have  made 
several  voyages  to  the  West  Indies 
before  going  to  Virginia,  but  I  have 
found  memoranda  of  only  two  of  them. 
January  25,  1592,  he  sailed  in  com- 
mand of  four  vessels;  July  28,  1592, 
contracted  with  Sir  John  Boroughs, 
and  September  7,  1592,  brought  the 
celebrated  Spanish  "  Caract,"  the 
Madre  de  Dios,  into  Dartmouth  Har- 
bor. 

The  other  voyage  was  made  in  1604- 


NEWPORT 


957 


05.  January  11,  1606,  Sir  Robert 
Mansell,  Sir  John  Trevor,  and  others, 
recoramencled  Captain  Newport  to 
Lord  Admiral  Nottingham  for  the  re- 
version of  the  office  of  one  of  the 
principal  masters  of  the  navy. 

"January  13,  1606,  the  Lord  Ad- 
miral wrote  to  Sir  Rob.  Mansell,  Sir 
Henry  Palmer,  Sir  John  Trevor,  and 
Sir  Peter  Buck,  the  principal  officers 
of  the  Royal  Navy,  that  he  granted 
to  Capt.  Chris.  Newport  the  reversion 
solicited,  after  the  placing  of  Capt, 
John  King." 

December  10,  1606,  he  was  commis- 
sioned and  given  by  the  Council  for 
Virginia  the  "  .sole  charge  and  com- 
mand of  all  the  captains,  soldiers,  and 
mariners,  and  other  persons,  that  shall 
go  in  any  the  said  ships  and  pinnace 
in  the  said  voyage  from  the  day  of  the 
date  hereof  until  such  time  as  they 
shall  fortune  to  land  upon  the  said 
coast  of  Virginia."  Thus  he  was  in 
the  "  sole  charge  and  command "  of 
the  first  expedition  of  Englishmen 
that  landed  in  James  River.  (The 
name  Christopher  is  worthy  of  re- 
mark. Columbus  bore  the  same  name. 
It  means  ''  beai'ing  Christ."  This  was 
one  of  the  ideas  of  the  expedition.) 

December  19,  1606,  to  July  29, 
1607,  his  first  vovage  to  Virginia ; 
October  8,  1607,  to  May  20,  1608,  his 
second  voyage  to  Virginia  ;  July,  1608, 
to  January,  1609,  his  third  voyage  to 
Virginia;  June  2,  1609,  to  September, 
16lO,  his  fourth  voyage  to  Virginia  ; 
March  17,1611,  to  December,  1611, 
his  fifth  voyage  to  Virginia. 

In  1612  he  was  appointed  one  of 
the  six  masters  of  the  royal  navy, 
and  employed  by  the  E.  I-  Co.  to  carry 
Sir  Robert  Sherley  to  Persia.  Jan- 
uary 7,  1613,  to  July  10, 1014,  his  first 
voyage  to  the  East  Indies  in  command 
of  the  good  ship  "the  Expedition  of 
London  of  about  260  tunnes  burthen." 
lie  landed  the  ambassador's  party  in 
"  the  River  of  Sinde,  India,  September 
26,  1613,"  and  returning  well  ladenod 
anchored  in  "The  Downes,"  »July  10, 
1614.  Sir  Robert  Sherley  wrote  a  let- 
ter to  the  E.  I.  Co.,  "  highh'  commend- 
ing the  deserts  of  Captain  Newport." 
Capt.  Walter  Peyton's  account  of  the 
voyage,  in  Purchas,  i.,  speaks  liighly  of 
Newport,  and  "  he  was  much  com- 
mended by  the   East  India  Company 


for  his  good  services,  delivering  his 
charge  safely,  discovering  unknown 
places  (in  the  Persian  Gulf  and  else- 
where) bringing  home  his  ship  well 
laden,  his  men  in  health,  and  dispatch- 
ing the  voyage  in  so  short  a  time,  and 
they  resolved  to  gratify  him  with  a 
present  of  fifty  Jacobuses." 

September  20,  1614,  the  E.  I.  Co. 
resolved  "to  entertain  Captain  New- 
port as  Admiral,"  and  he  entered  into 
the  service  of  that  great  company  ; 
January  24,  1615,  to  about  Septem- 
ber, 1616,  on  his  second  voyage  to  the 
East  Indies,  in  which  he  commanded 
the  Lion  in  the  fleet  accompanying 
"  Sir  Thomas  Roe,  Embassadour  from 
the  King  of  England  (James  I.)  to 
the  Great  Mogoll  of  India"  (Shah 
Jehan). 

Early  in  1617  he  sailed  from  Eng- 
land on  this  third  voyage  to  India 
in  command  of  the  Hope,  with  the 
Hound  as  consort.  August  15,  1617, 
the  Hope  arrived  at  Bantam  on  the 
isle  of  Java,  "commander  Cap'tain 
Newport,  who  reported  that  seven 
ships  were  sent  this  year  from  Eng- 
land to  Surat."  A  few  days  after 
(prior  to  September  1)  "there  dyed 
out  of  the  Hope,  Captaine  Newport 
that  worthy  Seaman  and  Command- 
er." The  Hope  was  loaded  at  Ban- 
tam, and  on  Tuesday,  January  20, 
1618,  sailed  thence  for  England,  ar- 
riving there  September  1,  1618,  bring- 
ing (I  suppose)  the  first  account  of 
Newport's  death. 

From  1592  to  his  death  in  1617,  we 
find  Capt.  Christopher  Newport  com- 
manding in  active  services  at  sea 
of  special  confidence  and  trust.  He 
brought  the  first  English  colonists  to 
Virginia,  and  supplied  them  for  years. 
He  carried  back  the  first  Persian  am- 
bassador (to  England)  to  Persia.  He 
was  a  commander  in  the  expedition 
which  conveyed  the  first  English  am- 
bassador to  the  Great  Mogul.  He  was 
one  of  the  first  Englishmen  to  explore 
the  Chesapeake  Ray  and  the  James 
River,  "  the  Persian  Gulf,  and  the 
river  of  Sinde."  He  ranged  the  At- 
lantic and  the  Pacific  oceans  ;  "  he 
sailed  the  wide  seas  over."  We  find 
him  commanding  in  the  waters  of  the 
West  Indies  ;  we  leave  hiu)  as  he  sinks 
to  rest  beneath  the  far-off  waters  of 
the  East  Indies.     He  was  one  of  the 


958 


NEWPORT  —  NORWOOD 


founders  of  English  colonies  and  Eng- 
lish commerce  ;  and  he  was  not  the 
least  among  those  who  laid  the  ground- 
work of  Great  Britain's  present  great- 
ness. The  admiral  of  Virginia  lived 
on  the  ocean  ;  he  died  on  the  ocean; 
the  ocean  is  his  tomb,  and  his  admir- 
able monument,  and  the  city  of  New- 
port News,  whether  named  for  him  or 
not,  will  be  his  memorial  in  America. 

November  17,  1619,  the  following 
minute  was  made  at  a  meeting  of  the 
Va.  Co.  of  London  :  "  Whereas  the 
company  hath  formerly  granted  to 
Captain  Newport  a  bill  of  Adventure 
for  four  hundred  pounds,  and  his  son 
now  desiring  order  from  court  for  the 
laying  out  of  some  part  of  same,  Mr. 
Treasurer,  was  authorized  to  write  to 
Sir  George  Yeardley  and  the  Counsell 
of  State  for  the  effecting  thereof." 

These  lands  are  supposed  to  have 
been  located  at  Newport  News  on 
James  River. 

July  10,  1621,  the  Va.  Co.  of  Lon- 
don, as  a  further  acknowledgment  of 
Captain  Newport's  services  in  the  en- 
terprise, gave  his  widow  thirty-five 
shares  of  land  (3,500  acres)  in  Vir- 
ginia. Mr.  Christopher  Newport  was 
one  of  the  patentees  of  land  in  Vir- 
ginia in  1622-23.  Edward  Newport, 
gent.,  and  Richard  Newport,  gent., 
both  died  in  Northampton  County, 
Virginia,  in  1642,  "  of  a  contagious 
disease  called  the  plague." 

Nicholas  (Nichols,  Nicols,  etc.). 

Nicholls,  Christopher,  2.  Sub. 
;  pd.  £62  10s.     Also  of  E.  I.  Co. 

Nicholls,  Oliver,  esquire,  3.     Sub. 

;  pd. .     Also  of  the  African 

Company  of  1618. 

Nicholls,  Thomas,  merchant,  2. 
Sub. ;  pd.  £62  10s.     Also  of  E. 

1.  Co. 

Nicholls,  ■William,  clothworker. 
Sub.  £37  10s.  ;  pd.  £50. 

Nornicott,  Thomas,  clothworker, 

2.  Sub.  £37  10s.  ;  pd.  £37  10s. 
July  24,  1618,  he  passed  his  three 
shares  in  Virginia  to  Mr.  Francis  Mev- 
erell.  He  was  master  of  the  Cloth- 
workers  in  1025. 

Norris,  Francis  Lord,  3.  Sub. 
;  pd.  £50.  Son  of  William  Nor- 
ris, marshal  of  Berwick,  who  was  one 
of  the  celebrated  brothers,  William, 
John,  Edward,  Henry,  Thomas,  and 
Maximilian,    so   distinguished   in   the 


wars,  times  of  Queen  Elizabeth.  He 
succeeded  his  grandfather  in  1600  as 
second  Lord  Norreys  of  Rycote  ;  sum- 
moned to  Parliament  from  October 
17,  1601,  to  April  5,  1614  ;  Knight  of 
the  Bath  at  the  creation  of  Prince 
Charles  as  Duke  of  York,  January  12, 
1606  ;  created  Viscount  Thane  and 
Earl  of  Berkshire,  January  28,  1620  ; 
died  in  1623.  He  was  of  impetuous 
temperament,  and  was  at  one  time 
committed  to  the  Fleet  prison  for  an 
assault  on  the  Lord  Scrope  in  the 
House  of  Lords  and  in  the  presence  of 
the  prince. 

North,    Dudley    Lord,   3.      Sub. 

;  pd.  £13  6s.  8d.      Son  of   Sir 

John  North  by  his  wife  Dorothy, 
daughter  of  Sir  Valentine  Dale,  doc- 
tor of  the  civil  law,  and  master  of  the 
requests  ;  born  about  1581 ;  succeeded 
his  grandfather  as  third  Lord  North. 
His  brothers.  Sir  John,  Roger  (who 
was  a  sea  commander  of  note,  and  en- 
gaged in  making  new  discoveries  for 
the  honor  of  his  country),  and  Gilbert, 
and  himself  were  all  interested  in  a 
plantation  of  Guiana  under  a  charter 
to  the  Earl  of  Warwick  (Robert  Rich), 
and  many  others  of  April  30,  1619. 
Lord  North  lived  to  be  very  old,  and 
died  January  16,  1666. 

Northampton,  Earl  of.  —  William 
Lord  Compton  and  Henry  Howard. 

Northumberland,  Earl  of.  — 
Henry  Percy. 

Norton,  John,  stationer.  Pd.  £10. 
"  Queen's  printer  in  Latin,  Greek,  and 
Hebrew  ;  "  an  alderman  of  London  in 
the  reign  of  James  I.  ;  thrice  master 
of  the  Stationers,  and  a  very  great 
benefactor  of  tliat  company. 

Norton,  Thomas.     Pd.  £13  Os.  8d. 

Nor-wich,  Earl  of.  —  Edward  Lord 
Denny  and  George  Goring. 

Nor^wrood,  Richard.  Having  been 
sent  out  by  the  B.  I.  Co.  for  the  pur- 
pose, he  made  a  map  of  the  Bermudas 
in  1616,  which  was  licensed  for  pub- 
lication, January  19,  1622,  by  the  Sta- 
tioners' Company  of  London  ;  married 
at  St.  Andrew  Hubbard.  London,  in 
May,  1622,  Rachel,  daughter  of  Fran- 
cis Boughton,  of  Sandwich,  County 
Kent.  In  May,  1621,  he  desired  to 
go  to  Virginia  to  survey  lands  ;  but 
William  Clay  borne  was  sent.  Feb- 
ruary 3,  1623,  he  bought  a  share  in 
Virginia  of   Francis  Carter,  and   the 


NOTTINGHAM  —  O'TOOLE 


959 


same  year  patented  lands  In  that  col- 
ony, but,  it  seems,  continued  to  live  in 
the  Bermudas  (where  he  was  a  school- 
master) until  his  death  in  October, 
1675,  at  the  age  of  about  85.  He  was 
one  of  the  first  who  measured  a  degree 
of  the  meridian  with  approximate  ac- 
curacy ;  made  a  second  survey  of  the 
Beruuidas  in  1662-63,  and  was  the 
author  of  several  books  on  "  Trigo- 
nometry," "The  Seaman's  Practice  on 
Fortitieations,"  etc. 

Nottingham,  Earl  of.  —  Charles 
Howard. 

Nuttall,  Jonathan,  gent.,  3.  Sub. 
;  pd.  £12  10s. 

Offley,  Robert,  merchant,  2.  Sub. 
£37  10s.  ;  pd.  £112  10s.  A  leading 
merchant  of  London,  and  of  the  E.  I., 
N.  W.  P.,  B.  1.,  and  Va.  companies. 
One  of  the  purchasers  of  the  Ber- 
mudas, November  25,  1612  ;  added  to 
the  King's  Council  for  the  Va.  Co.  be- 
tween 1616  and  1620,  and  recom- 
mended by  the  king  as  a  candidate  for 
deputy  treasurer  of  the  company,  May 
22,  1622.  There  were  two  leading 
merchants  of  the  name,  namely,  the 
son  of  William  Offley,  of  London, 
luercliant-tailor,  by  Anne,  daughter  of 
William  Beswicke,  of  London,  alder- 
man (she  married,  secondly,  Sir  Henry 
Bromley,  of  Holt)  ;  which  Robert 
Offley,  born  about  1582,  married  in 
October,  1601,  Mary,  daughter  of  Sir 
Thomas  Lowe  ;  and  was  knighted 
January  22,  161|.  But  the  Virginian 
adventurer  was  not  a  knight.  He  lies 
buried  in  the  parish  church  of  St. 
Mary  Aldermanbury,  Cripplegate 
ward,  London,  under  a  fair  monu- 
ment, with  this  inscription  :  "  Here 
lyeth  the  body  of  Master  Robert 
Offley,  gent.,  sou  of  Hugh  Offley, 
alderman  of  this  city.  Who  took  to 
wife  Elizabeth  the  daughter  of  Hum- 
frey  Street  ;  by  whom  he  had  issue 
seven  sons  and  six  daughters.  He 
dyed  at  the  age  of  64  years,  on  the  4 
day  of  November,  1631." 

Ogle,  Sir  John,  2.     Sub. ;  pd. 

Ogle,  Sir  John,  3.     Sub. ;  pd. 

.     These   names  probably  belong 

to  the  same  man,  "  Colonel  Sir  John 
Ogle,"  who  had  served  under  Sir 
Francis  Vere  in  the  Low  Countries, 
and  who  was  still  in  the  service  of  the 


States.  Greatly  distinguished  himself 
at  the  battle  of  Nieuport,  1600;  at  the 
recovery  of  Sluys,  1604  ;  resigned  his 
connnand  at  Utrecht  in  1618  rather 
than  act  against  Barnevelt.  On  Feb- 
ruary 3,  1623,  he  was  again  admitted 
into  the  Va.  Co.  ;  on  February  5  he 
was  chosen  to  be  of  the  council,  and  on 
the  19th  of  April  following.  Chamber- 
lain wrote  of  him  as  being  one  of  the 
leaders  of  the  Sandys  faction  in  the 
Va.  Co.  On  June  9,  1623,  Henry  Lord 
De  La  Warr  transferred  to  him  three 
shai'es  in  Virginia.  He  was  tiie  author 
of  the  "  Account  of  the  last  Charge  at 
Newport  Battle,  and  of  the  Parley  at 
the  Siege  of  Ostend,"  subjoined  to  the 
"  Commentaries,"  of  Sir  Francis  Vere. 
"  April  12,  1624.  Draft  of  an  Act  for 
the  naturalizing  of  the  wife,  three  sons, 
and  seven  daughters  of  Sir  John  Ogle, 
who  were  born  in  the  United  Prov- 
inces." (Calendars,  House  of  Lords. 
See  also  "  The  Fighting  Veres.") 


Oldenbarneveld,  Helias.  Knighted 
by  King  James  at  Whitehall  May  14, 
1610. 

Oldenbarneveld,  John  Van  (see 
Barnevelt.)  Grand  Pensionary  of 
Holland  ;  born  1547  or  1549  ;  ambas- 
sador to  James  I.,  1603  ;  concluded 
truce  with  Spain,  March  30,  1609 ; 
arrested  with  Grotius  and  others,  by 
States  General,  February  21,  1618  ; 
trial  commenced,  November  19,  1618  ; 
beheaded  at  The  Hague,  May  14, 1619. 

Oliver,  Francis.     Pd.  £25. 

Ortelius,  Abraham,  geographer. 
Born  at  Antwerp,  April,  4, 1527;  geog- 
raplier  to  Philip  II.  of  Spain,  1575  ; 
died  at  Antwerp,  January  28,  1598. 

Osmotherly,  Richard,  merchant- 
tailor.     Pd.  £25.     Of  E.  I.  Co. 

O'Toole,  Arthurus  Severus  None- 
such. A  character  of  the  time.  John 
Taylor,  the  Water  Poet,  wrote  an  ac- 
count of  him  in  1622,  which  Is  dedi- 
cated "To  the  unlimited  memory  of 
Arthur  O'Toole,  or  O'Toole  the  Great, 
being  the  son  and  heir  of  Brian 
O'Toole,  lord  of  Poore's  Court  and 


960 


O'TOOLE  — PANTON 


Faire  Collen,  in  the  county  of  Dublin, 
iu  the  Kiugdom  of  Ireland,  the  Mais 
and  Merciuy,  the  Agamemnon  and 
Ulysses,  both  for  wisdom  and  valour, 
in  the  Kingdoms  of  Great  Britaine  and 
Ireland." 

"  Euglands,  Scotlands,  Irelands  Min'or, 
Mars  his  fellow,  Rebels  Terror  : 
These  Imes  doe  gallop  for  their  pleasure 
Writ  with  neither  ieet  or  measure  ; 
Because  Prose,  Verse,  or  Auticke  Story, 
Cauuot  blaze  O'Toole's  great  glory." 

There  is  a  portrait  of  O'Toole  (set. 
80,  1618)  prehxed,  with  the  following 
lines  printed  thereunder  :  — 

"  Great  Mogul's  laudlord,  both  Indies  King, 
Whose  self-adiuiring  iame  doth  loudly  rmg ; 
Writes  fourscore  years,  more  Kingdoms  he  hath 

riglit  to, 
The  stars  say  so,  and  for  them  he  will  fight  too. 
And  though  this  worthless  age,  will  not  believe 

him. 
But  clatter,  spatter,  slander,  scoff  to  grieve  him  ; 
Yet  he  and  all  the  world  iu  this  agree. 
That  such  another  Toole  will  never  be." 

Oxenbridge,  ■William,  esquii-e,  2. 
Sub. ;  pd.  £112  10s. 

Paget,   William    Lord,   3.      Sub. 

;   pd.    £60.     His  father,  Tliomas 

Paget,  tliird  Baron,  a  zealous  Roman 
Catholic,  was  attainted,  "as  being  a 
well-wisher  to  the  Queen  of  Scotts," 
and  died  at  Brussels  in  1587,  leaving 
au  only  sou,  "  William  Paget,  who  was 
with  the  Earl  of  Essex  in  the  memo- 
rable attack  upon  Cadiz  in  1596,  and 
being  restored  to  the  lands  and  hon- 
ours of  his  father,  by  King  James,  was 
summoned  to  Parliament  as  [4th] 
Baron  Paget,  from  November  5, 1605, 
to  March  7, 1628."  M.  C.  for  Va.  Co., 
1612.  Interested  in  the  Bermudas 
Islands,  and  June  29, 1615,  was  one  of 
the  incorporators  named  iu  the  Ber- 
mudas charter.  In  1623  he  was 
friendly  to  the  Southampton  adminis- 
tration ;  June  24,  1624,  on  "  a  com- 
mittee to  resolve  upon  the  well-set- 
tling of  the  Colony  of  Virginia,  and  to 
give  order  for  the  government,"  etc. 
July  15,  1624,  he  was  one  of  the  com- 
missioners for  winding  up  the  Va.  Co.; 
buried  at  Drayton,  August  30,  1628. 
He  married  Lettice,  daughter  of  Henrv 
Knollys,  Esq.,  and  first  cousin  to  Lord 
De  La  Warr,  the  governor  of  Vir- 
ginia. His  daughter  Anne  married, 
tirst,  Sir  Simon  Harcourt,  Knight,  of 
Stanton  Harcourt,  and  secondly,  Sir 
William  Waller,  Knight,  the  cele- 
brated parliamentary  general. 


Palatyne,  Frederick  Prince  (the 
Palgrave).  His  grandson  was  crowned 
King  of  Great  Britain,  October  20, 
1714,  as  George  I.,  the  first  British 
monarch  of  the  House  of  Guelph,  which 
still  rules  Great  Britain. 

Palmer,  Sir  Anthony.  Son  of 
John  Palmer,  of  Clerkeuwell,  esquire 
(who  died  in  February,  1586),  by  his 
wife  Paulina,  daughter  of  Anthony 
Sondes,  of  Kent,  esquire  (and  sister  to 
Elizabeth,  second  wife  of  Sir  Maurice 
Berkeley,  standard  bearer  to  Henry 
VIIL,  Edward  VL,  and  Elizabeth)  ;  a 
Knight  of  the  Bath  at  the  coronation 
of  JameSj  July  25,  1603  ;  a  member  of 
the  E.  L  Co  ;  M.  C.  for  Va.,  March 
9,  1607  ;  mai-ried,  first,  Katherine, 
daughter  of  William  Kiugsmill,  Esq., 
who  died  in  1613  and  lies  buried  in  the 
church  at  Putney,  "  on  the  south  side 
of  the  chancel,  under  a  handsome  mon- 
ument, supported  by  Corinthian  col- 
umns of  black  marble  ; "  married,  sec- 
ondly, Margaret,  daughter  of  Thomas 
Digges,  Esq.,  and  sister  to  Sir  Dudley 
Digges  ;  she  died  in  1619,  leaving  a 
sou  and  heir,  Dudley  Palmer,  who  died 
iu  166o. 

Palmer,  Miles,  2.     Sub. ;  pd. 

£12  10s. 

Palmer,  William,  haberdasher,  2. 
Sub.  £37  10s.;  pd.  £62  10s.  A  lead- 
ing member  of  the  E.  I.,  N.  W.  P., 
B.  I.,  and  Va.  companies  ;  one  of  the 
directors  of  the  Va.  Co.  ;  governor  of 
St.  Bartholomew's  Hospital  ;  on  the 
Va.  Commission  of  July  15,  1624  ; 
married  Barbara,  daughter  of  Sir 
Thomas  Archdale,  of  London.  He 
died  in  September,  1636.  (See  his 
will  in  "  N.  E.  Register,"  January, 
1889,  p.  83.) 


g^  :li?  ^ar^KuPiA^Y^ 


'yx> 


Palmes,    Sir  Guy.  3.     Sub. ; 

pd. .     Of  Lindley,  County  York, 

and  of  Ashwell,  County  Rutland  ; 
knighted  at  the  Charterhouse,  May  11, 
1603  ;  M.  P.  Rutland,  1614,  1621-22, 
1624-25,  1625,  1628-29,  1640,  and 
1640  till  disabled  in  1644  ;  sheriff, 
York,  20  James  I.     Died  (?). 

Panton,    Sir    Thomas,    2.      Sub 

;  pd. .   Of  Denbigh;  knighted 

at    Whitehall,    March    2,    1607  ;    ap- 


HENRY    STUART 
Prince  of  Wales 


PARKER  —  PARRY 


961 


pointed  gentleman  extraordinary  of 
the  privy  chamber  to  Prince  Hemry  in 
1610. 

Parker,    Sir   Nicholas,    3.     Sub. 

;  pd.   £12   10s.     !Son  of  Thomas 

Parker,  Esq.,  of  Ratton  in  Sussex,  by 
Eleanor,  daughter  of  William  Waller; 
was  born  in  1547  ;  captain  in  Fen- 
ton's  voyage,  1582  ;  knighted  by  Lord 
W^illoughby,  in  the  Low  Countries,  in 
1588 ;  M.  P.  Sussex,  1593  ;  in  the 
voyage  to  the  Azores,  1597  ;  a  dep- 
uty lieutenant  of  Cornwall,  159S;  com- 
manded at  Plymouth,  in  the  place  of 
Gorges,  in  1603;  died  March  9,  1619, 
aged  73. 

Parker,  William,  Lord  Mont- 
eagle,  2.  Sub. ;  pd.  £50.  Ed- 
ward Parker,  Lord  Morley,  married 
Elizabeth  Stanley  (granddaughter  of 
Edward  Stanley,  Lord  Monteagle,  who 
so  greatly  distinguished  himself  at 
Flodden)  and  was  the  father,  among 
others,  of  William  (of  whom  I  write) 
and  of  Mary,  who  married  Thomas 
Habington  of  Hinlip,  Esq.,  and  be- 
came the  mother  of  William  Habing- 
ton (1605-1645),  the  poet.  William 
Parker,  in  right  of  his  mother,  J^liza- 
beth  Stanley,  was  summoned  to  Par- 
liament as  Lord  Monteagle,  during  his 
father's  life.  He  was  knighted  by  Es- 
sex at  Dublin,  Ireland,  July  12,  1599, 
and  was  imprisoned  for  a  while  in 
the  Tower,  in  February,  1601,  on  ac- 
count of  some  connection  with  the 
"  Essex  rising."  On  October  26;  1605, 
he  received  that  memorable  anony- 
mous letter  which  led  to  the  detection 
of  the  Gunpowder  Plot,  and  King 
James  made  him  a  substantial  grant 
for  having  thus  saved  the  country  from 
the  most  summary  convulsion  ever 
attempted  ;  M.  C.  for  Va.  Co.,  May 
23,  1609  ;  also  a  member  of  the  E.  I. 
and  N.  W.  P.  companies.  He  went 
with  Sir  Walter  Ralegh  on  his  fatal 
voyage  to  Guiana,  South  America,  in 
1617-18. 

In  1618,  at  the  death  of  his  father, 
he  succeeded  as  Lord  ^lorley,  and  was 
summoned  to  Parliament  as  "  Lord 
Morley  and  Monteagle,"  from  Janu- 
ary 30,  1621,  to  Xovember  4  in  the 
same  year.  He  died  in  1622.  He 
married  Elizabeth,  daughter  of  Sir 
Thomas  Tresham,  and  sister  to  Francis 
Tresham,  one  of  the  Gunpowder  con- 
spirators. 


Parker,  William,  of  Plymouth.  I 
suppose  this  was  Capt.  W  illiam  Parker 
of  Plymoutii,  who  sailed  from  that 
city  in  November,  1601,  in  command 
of  several  vessels  for  the  West  Indies, 
where  he  took  Saint  Vincent  and 
Puerto  Bello,  in  February,  1602,  At 
the  latter  place  he  took  Pedro  Me- 
lendez,  the  chief  governor  of  that 
town,  prisoner  ;  using  him  and  his  far 
otherwise  than  Pedro  Melendez,  his 
great-uncle,  used  the  Huguenots  in 
Florida.  He  returned  safely  to  Plvm- 
outh.  May  6,  1602. 

On  September  24,  1618,  Ralegh 
wrote  to  King  James,  "  If  Parker 
and  Mutton  [Mutam  ?]  tookCampeaeh 
and  other  places  in  the  Honduras 
seated  in  the  hart  of  the  Spanish 
Indies  ;  burnt  towns,  killed  the  Span- 
iards ;  and  had  nothing  sayed  to  them 
at  their  returne  ;  and  that  myselfe  for- 
bore to  looke  into  the  Indies  because  I 
would  not  offend  I  may  as  justly  say, 
O  miserable  Sir  Walter  Ralegh."  On 
the  very-  day  that  Ralegh  wrote  this 
letter,  Parker,  who  was  vice-admiral 
of  the  East  Indian  fleet,  under  Sir 
Thomas  Dale,  died  on  the  voyage.  He 
was  then  old  and  corpulent. 

Parker,  William,  merchant-tailor. 
Pd.  £5.  Still  remembered  in  London 
for  his  great  charities. 

Parkhurst,  Robert,  clothworker, 
2.  Sul).  £37  10s.;  pd.  £100.  Fourth 
son  of  Henrj'  Parkhurst,  of  Guildford 
in  Com.  Surrey  ;  sheriff  of  London  and 
njaster  of  the  Cloth  workers  in  1624; 
alderman  from  Portsoken  ward,  1624 
to  1634,  and  from  Bread  Street  ward, 
August  28,  1634,  to  his  death  in  1636 ; 
M.  P.  for  Guildford,  1626  and  1628- 
29 ;  gave  money  to  purchase  books 
for  Sion  College  Library,  1632;  Lord 
Mayor  of  London,  1634^35;  knighted 
at  Greenwich  May  24,  1635;  died  in 
1636,  and  was  buried  in  the  church  of 
the  Holy  Trinity,  Guildford,  where  a 
monument  was  erected  to  his  mem- 
ory. 

Parkins.     See  Perkins. 

Parrett.     See  Perrott. 

Parry,  Henry,  Bishop  of  Worces- 
ter,  3.     Sub. ;    pd.    £13  6s.   8d. 

Chaplain  to  Queen  Elizabeth;  was  of 
Corpus  Christi  College,  Oxford,  and 
Greek  reader  there  ;  made  Dean  of 
Chester  in  1605;  Bishop  of  Gloucester 
in  1607,  and  translated  to  the  see  of 


962 


PARSLOW  —  PAYNE 


Worcester  iu  1610.  He  died  Decem- 
ber 12,  1G16. 

Parslow,    Giles,   grocer,   2.     Sub. 

;    pd. .      Having  served    his 

apprenticeship,  was  admitted  a  free- 
man of  the  Grocers'  Company  in  1581 ; 
to  the  liverv,  March  21,  1592  ;  paid 
£15  as  his  part  of  the  £20,000  levied 
on  London  by  Queen  Elizabeth  in  1598; 
was  warden  of  the  company  in  1606; 
but  came  to  poverty  in  1616;  and  it 
was  granted  and  agreed  by  the  Court 
of  Assistants,  held  December  12, 1616, 
"  that  the  yearly  pension  of  xx".  [£20] 
per  an.  shall  be  by  Mr.  Rentors  of 
this  company  payd  unto  Giles  Parsloe, 
grocer,  by  quarterly  payments  as  of  the 
common  goodes  of  this  house.  The 
first  payment  to  beginn  at  the  feast  of 
the  birth  of  our  Lord  God  next  com- 
yng  and  to  contynue  during  his  good 
behaviour  and  the  pleasure  of  this 
Court."  (Grocers'  Records.)  Also  of 
E.  I.  Co. 


^ 


Partridge,  Richard,  2.     Sub. ; 

pd.  £25. 

Pashall  —  Pascoll  —  Peashall  — 
Piershall  —  Pershall   —  Peshall, 

etc.,  Edmond,  grocer,  2.     Sub. ; 

pd.  £25.  Admitted  to  livery,  May 
24,  1596  ;  paid  £15  as  his  share  of 
the  levy  of  1598;  warden,  1609,  when 
he  had  to  pay  the  default  of  his  brother 
warden,  Timothy  Bathurst,  to  the 
amount  of  £368  ;  was  senior  warden 
in  1616.  "  AVestminster.  March  29, 
1615.  Grant  to  Edmond  Peshall  and 
Edw.  White  of  London,  of  the  late 
imposition  of  2s.  per  lb.  on  tobacco 
imported  for  ten  years,  paving  to  the 
King  £3,.500  the  first  year  and  £7,000 
per  ann.  afterwards,  with  sole  power 
to  import  tobacco  and  to  name  persons 
for  selling  the  same,  with  a  proviso 
of  determination  at  six  months'  notice, 
if  found  prejudicial  to  the  State." 
("  Sign.  Man.'"'  vol.  v.  Nos.  3  and  4.) 

Pass  (or  De  Passe),  Simon,  en- 
graver.    Born  at  Utrecht,  1591.     He 


followed  hi8  business  in  England  from 
about  1613  to  about  1623. 

Paulson,  Richard,  merchant.  Pd. 
£37  10s.  July  22,  1618,  he  sold  four 
shares  in  Virginia  to  Robert  Hudson; 
July  18,  1620,  he  sold  two  shares  to 
Mr.  Andrews  and  Mr.  Greene.  He 
was  long  a  leading  member  of  the  S. 
I.  Co. 

Pa\vlet,  John,  esquire,  3.  Sub. 
£75  ;  pd.  £12  10s.  M.  P.  for  Somer- 
set, 1614;  he  "w^as  elevated  to  the  peer- 
age, June  23,  1627,  by  the  title  of 
Baron  Poulett  of  Hinton  St.  George; 
and  was  knighted  with  liis  eldest  son, 
John,  by  the  Earl  of  Lindsey,  on  board 
his  majesty's  ship,  the  'Mary-Honor,' 
September  27,  l635.  This  nobleman 
took  up  arms  in  the  royal  cause,  and 
was  an  active  commander  during  the 
civil  war.  He  died  March  20,  1649," 
and  was  succeeded  by  his  son,  Sir 
John,  second  Lord  Poulett  of  Hinton 
St.  George,  who  married  a  daughter  of 
Horace  Lord  Vei-e. 

Capt.  Thomas  Paulett,  brother  to 
the  first  Lord  Paulett,  born  about 
1585,  came  to  Virginia  in  the  Neptune 
in  1618  ;  represented  Argall's  Guifte 
in  our  first  Legislature,  July  30,  1619; 
and  was  living  at  West  and  Sherley 
Hundred  in  1625;  on  the  commission 
for  Charles  City  in  1632  and  after  ; 
Burgess  for  Westover  and  Flowerdieu 
Hundred  in  1633  ;  patented  2,000 
acres,  including  Westover,  January 
15, 163^  ;  was  a  member  of  the  council 
in  1641-44;  died  in  January,  164^; 
and  left  his  possessions  in  Virginia  to 
his  brother,  the  first  Lord  Paulett, 
whose  son,  the  second  lord,  on  April 
17,  1665,  sold  the  Westover  property 
of  1,200  acres  for  £170  to  Theodrick, 
son  of  John  Bland. 

Capt.  Thonms  Paulett  is  sometimes 
confused  with  Robert  Paulett,  with 
whom  the  adventurers  for  Berkeley 
Hundred  entered  into  an  agreement 
on  September  15,  1620,  to  go  as 
preacher,  physician,  and  surgeon  to 
Berkeley  in  Virginia.  He  sailed  in 
the  Supply  in  September,  1620,  and 
arrived  in  Virginia  in  January,  1621. 
He  was  appointed  to  the  Council  iu 
Virginia  by  tlie  court  of  the  Virginia 
Company  of  London  in  July,  1621  ; 
and  probably  died  in  Virginia  before 
April,  1623. 

Payne,  John,  gent.     Pd   £12  10s. 


1 


PAYNE  -  PERCIVALL 


963 


He  sold  liis  share  to  Dr.  Theodore 
Gulston,  December  15,  1G19. 

Payne  (or  Paine),  Sir  Robert,  2. 

Sub. ;  pd.  £25.     M.  P.  Hiiutiiig- 

doushire,  1(311,  16-Jl-2li,  l&M,  and 
1628-29;  knighted  at  Greenwich,  May 
22,  1G05.  Either  Robert  of  St.  Neots, 
who  married.  Elizabeth,  daughter  of 
Dr.  John  Beilby,  or  his  cousin  Robert 
of  Medloe,  who  married  Elizabeth, 
daughter  of  George  Rotherhani,  of 
Soniery,  Bedford.     Both  living  in  1(313. 

Payne,  "William,  esquire,  2.  Sub. 
£37  10s.;  pd.  £100.  Of  the  E.  I.  and 
N.  W.  P.  companies.  Probably  the 
William  Payne,  Esq.,  of  llighgate, 
who  died  in  1G28. 

Peckham,  Sir  George.  Son  of 
Sir  Edmund  Peekham,  who  died  in 
15G4,  and  brother  of  Sir  Robert  Peck- 
ham,  who,  dying  abroad  in  15(39,  caused 
his  heart  to  be  sent  into  England  and 
buried  in  his  family  vault  at  Deuliam. 
Geoi'ge  Peckham  was  knighted  in 
1570;  wished  to  discover  new  lands  in 
1574  ;  had  an  assignment  from  Gil- 
bert's patent  for  colonization  in  1580; 
a  prisoner  for  debts  to  the  queen  in 
December,  1580,  probably  contracted 
by  his  father  and  brother,  who  had 
served  the  late  Queen  Mary,  and  the 
family  estates  were  seized  by  P21iza- 
beth ;  still  interested  in  America  in 
1582;  a  partner  in  Gilbert's  voyage  in 
1583,  of  which  he  wrote  "  A  True  Re- 
porte  "  in  November,  1583,  at  which 
time  he  proposed  to  make  another 
voyage  under  Gilbert's  patent.  The 
exact  date  of  his  death  is  not  known 
to  me;  but  the  inquisition  on  his  estate 
was  held  June  21,  1608:  "heir,  his 
son  George." 

Peirscy  (Persy  —  Percy,  etc.), 
Abraham.  Pd.  £12  10s.  Cape  mer- 
chant; he  went  to  Virginia  in  the  Su- 
san in  1616;  had  200  acres  given  him 
in  Virginia  by  the  company,  Novem- 
ber 15,  1619;  was  a  Burgess  in  1622. 
His  daughters,  by  his  first  wife,  came 
to  Virginia  in  1623.  He  was  appointed 
on  the  commission  w'ith  John  Porv, 
John  Harvey,  John  Jefferson,  and 
Samuel  IMatthews  to  look  into  the 
state  of  Virginia,  October  24,  1623. 
This  commission  inspected  Virginia  in 
February,  1624.  The  report,  written 
by  Harvey,  is  printed  in  "  Mass.  Hist. 
Col."  4th  series,  vol.  ix.  pp.  60-73. 
The  "  Lists  of  the  livinge  and  dead  in 


Virginia,"  at  the  time  is  given  in  "  Colo- 
nial Records  of  Virginia,"  Richmond, 
1874,  pp.  37-60. 

Abraham  Peirsey  was  member  of  the 
Council  in  Virginia,  1624-28.  Some 
time  after  Januar}',  1625,  he  married, 
secondly,  Frances,  the  widow  of  Capt. 
Natiiaiiiel  West,  the  brother  of  Lord 
De  la  Warr.  In  1626  he  held  1150 
acres  "  uppon  Apmatucke  river."  Not 
long  before  Governor  Yeardley's 
death,  Peirsey  bought  of  him  the  lands 
of  Flowerdieu  Hundred,  being  1,000 
acres,  and  of  Weanoake  on  the  oppo- 
site side  of  the  water,  being  2,200 acres, 
and  the  sale  was  confirmed  by  widow 
Yeardle}'  and  the  court,  November  16, 
1627.  Peirsey's  will  (given  in  Neill's 
"  Virginia  Carolornm,"  pp.  404-406), 
is  dated  March  1,  1627.  He  died 
before  March,  1634.  His  daughter 
Elizabeth  married,  first,  Capt.  Rich- 
ard Stephens,  and,  secondly,  (iov. 
John  Harvey.  Her  son,  by  her  first 
husband,  Samuel  Stephens,  married 
Frances  Culpeper,  and  died  s.  p.  His 
widow  Frances,  married,  second!}-, 
Gov.  William  Berkeley,  and,  thirdly. 
Col.  Philip  Ludwell. 

Pelham,  Thomas,  esquire,  3.    Sub. 

;  pd.  &65.     Son  of  Herbert  Pel- 

hani,  Sr.,  by  his  wife,  Elizabeth  West. 
(See  West  pedigree.) 

Pembroke,  Earl  of.  —  Philip,  Wil- 
liam, and  William  Herbert. 

Pennington,     Robert,     2.       Sub. 

;  pd.  £25.     (Robert  Pennington, 

grocer  and  citizen  of  Loudon,  brother 
of  Isaac  Pennington  (lord  mayor  in 
1643),  died  in  1(345,5./).) 

Percivall,  Richard,  esquire,  2. 
Sub.  £37  10s.;  pd.  £62  10s  Burke 
says,  "The  life  of  this  ultimately  suc- 
cessful person  was  chequered  and 
eventful  in  no  ordinary  degree ; "  but 
to  go  into  the  particulars  at  all  would 
require  much  space,  and  I  must,  as 
usual,  confine  myself  to  the  briefest 
outline.  Of  a  very  ancient  family  in 
Somersetshire;  born  in  1.550;  educated 
at  St.  Paul's  School  and  Lincoln's  Inn; 
married  against  his  father's  consent 
and  was  cast  off;  went  to  Spain  and, 
after  the  deatli  of  his  wife,  returned 
to  England.  In  1586  he  deciphered 
letters  in  cipher  which  had  been  cap- 
tured and  which  conveyed  to  Eliza- 
beth the  first  certain  intelligence  of  the 
proposed  Spanish  Armada  to  be  sent 


964 


PERCY 


to  take  England.  Secretary,  remem- 
brancer, and  one  of  the  commissioners 
for  the  office  of  receiver-general  of 
the  Court  of  Wards  in  England;  reg- 
ister of  the  same  court  in  Ireland,  and 
M.  P.  for  the  borough  of  Richmond, 
in  the  county  of  York,  in  1604-11. 
He  died  in  1020.  He  was  ancestor  to 
the  Earl  of  Egmont,  Lord  Lovel,  etc. 
His  portrait  was  engraved  for  the 
"  History  of  the  House  of  Yvery,"  etc., 
1742,  now  a  rare  work. 

Percy,  Allen.     Pd.  £12  10s. 

Percy,    George,   esquire,  2.     Sub. 

;  pd.  £20.     Eighth  son  of  Henry, 

eighth  Earl  of  Northumberland,  by  his 
wife  Catherine,  eldest  daughter  and 
co-heir  of  John  Neville,  Lord  Latimer; 
was  born  September  4,  1580  ;  served 
for  a  time  in  the  Low  Countries  ; 
sailed  for  Virginia  in  the  first  expedi- 
tion, December,  1606;  governor  dur- 
ing the  terrible  time  from  Septem- 
ber, 1609,  to  the  arrival  of  Gates  in 
May,  1010.  When  Lord  De  la  Warr 
left  in  March,  1011,  in  recognition  of 
his  former  services  as  governor,  he 
was  again  ap]iointed  until  the  arrival 
of  Dale  in  May  following.  He  left 
Virginia  April  22,  1612,  and  reached 
England  in  the  following  summer. 
He  probably  never  returned  to  Vir- 
ginia again.  On  May  15,  1020,  he 
transferred  to  Christopher  Martin  four 
of  his  shares  in  Virginia. 

After  the  appearance  of  Smith's 
"General  History"  with  his  very  un- 
just account  of  the  affairs  in  Virginia 
during  the  time  of  Percy's  govern- 
ment, Captain  Percy  wrote  "  A  Trewe 
Relacyon  of  the  procedeinges  and 
ocurentes  of  momente  wliich  have  hap- 
ened  in  Virginia,  from  the  Tyme  Sir 
Thomas  Gates  w.as  sliipwrackte  uppon 
the  Bermudas  An",  1009,  untill  my 
departure  out  of  the  Country  which 
was  in  Anno.  1012."  This  "  True  Re- 
lation "  he  sent  to  his  brother  Henry, 
Earl  of  Northumberland,  with  the  fol- 
lowing letter: — 

"My  Lorde,  This  relacyon  I  have 
here  sente  your  Lord-shipp,  is  for  two 
respeeks,  the  one,  to  showe  howe 
mutche  I  honor  you,  and  desyre  to  doe 
you  service,  the  other,  in  regaid  that 
many  untruthes  concerninge  thcis  pro- 
ceedings have  bene  formerly  published, 
wherein  the  Author  hathe  not  spared 
to  ajjropriate  many  deserts  to  bimselfe 


which  he  never  performed,  and  stuffed 
his  relacyons  with  so  many  falseties, 
and  malycyous  detractyons  not  onely 
of  this  p'ts  and  tyme,  which  I  have 
selected  to  treate  of.  Butt  of  former 
oecurrentes  also:  so  that  I  could  not 
conteine  myselfe,  but  express  the 
Truth  unto  your  Lordshipp  concern- 
inge theise  affayres,  and  all  which  I 
ayme  att  is  to  manyfeste  myselfe  in  all 
my  actyons  both  now  and  alwayes  to 
be  your  Lordshipps  humble  and  faith- 
full  servante.  G.    P." 

(Mr.  Neill  has  given  some  extracts 
from  this  Relation  in  the  preface  to  his 
"  Virginia  Vetusta,"  1885.) 

Percy  again  went  to  the  Low  Coun- 
tries some  time  after  war  was  declared 
with  Spain,  jirobably  in  1025,  where, 
Collins  says,  "  he  distinguished  him- 
self; had  one  of  his  fingers  shot  off, 
was  captain  of  a  company,  A.  D. 
1627,  and  died  unmarried  in  1032," 

Percy,  Henry,  ninth  Earl  of  North- 
umberland. It  has  been  truly  written 
that  "  the  Percys  p^e  almost  without  a 
peer  even  in  the  peerage  of  Great  Brit- 
ain ;  their  nobility  dates  as  remotely 
as  the  sovereignty  of  Normandy  and 
their  renown,  coeval  with  their  nobil- 
ity, has  flourished  in  every  age,  and 
coexisted  with  every  generation  since. 
Not  more  famous  in  arms  than  dis- 
tinguished for  its  alliances,  the  family 
banner  bears  a  galaxy  of  heraldic 
honors  altogether  unparalleled." 

Henrj',  the  ninth  earl,  of  whom  I 
write,  was  born  in  April,  1504.  He 
was  the  oldest  brother  of  Capt.  George 
Percy  aforesaid;  succeeded  his  father, 
1585;  followed  Leicester  to  the  Nether- 
lands, December,  1585;  joined  the  fleet 
against  the  Armada,  1588  ;  K.  C.  G., 
159.3  ;  at  siege  of  Ostend,  1001  ; 
challenged  Sir  Francis  Vere,  1002  ; 
privy  councilor  by  James  I.,  1003  ; 
M.  A.  Oxford,  August  30,  1005  ;  sus- 
pected of  being  privy  to  Gunpowder 
Plot,  and  committed  to  the  Tower, 
November,  1005  ;  convicted  by  Star 
Chamber,  fined,  and  sentenced  to  im- 
prisonment for  life,  June  27, 1003.  He 
corresponded  with,  and  was  a  good 
friend  to,  his  brother,  Capt.  George,  in 


PERCY  — PETT 


965 


Virginia,  1G06-12.  lie  was  the  patron 
of  Hariot,  Hues,  and  Warner;  liber- 
ated from  the  Tower,  July  18.  16l*l. 

His  brother  George  sent  him  a  true 
account  of  atfairs  iu  Virginia  (1G09- 
12)  in  reply  to  the  false  account  in 
Smith's  "History"  of  1G24  ;  died  at 
Petworth  November  5,  1G32;  married 
Dorothy  Devereux  (sister  to  the  Earl 
of  Essex  who  was  hehcaded  in  IGOl), 
and  had  two  sons  and  two  daughters. 
Algernon  Fort  in  Virginia  and  Alger- 
non Sidney,  the  patriot,  were  named 
for  his  eldest  sou  Algernon,  tenth  earl. 
Dorothy,  the  eldest  daughter,  married 
Rohert  Sidney,  second  Earl  of  Leices- 
ter, and  Lucy,  the  youngest,  married 
James  Hay,  Earl  of  Carlisle. 

Perez,  Marco  Antonio,  statesman. 
Born  in  Aragon,  loll  ;  secretary  of 
state  to  Philip  XL,  15G7  ;  arrests,  tri- 
als, convictions,  etc.,  1581-91  ;  visited 
England  about  1593-95;  died  at 
Paris,  November  3,  1611. 

Perkins  (Parkins  etc.),  Aden, 
grocer,  2.  Sub. ;  pd.  £25.  Ap- 
prenticed to  Edmond  Peshall  ;  sworn 
to  freedom,  March  8,  1G08;  admitted 
to  the  livery,  1617.  He  was  also  of 
the  E.  I.  and  N.  W.  P.  companies. 

Perkins  (or  Parkins),  Sir  Chris- 
topher, 2.  Sub.  £37  10s.;  pd.  £50. 
During  1590-94  he  was  sent  several 
times  as  an  ambassador  from  Queen 
Elizabeth  to  the  rulers  in  the  East, 
Christian,  King  of  Denmark,  Sigis- 
mund  III.,  King  of  Poland,  and  Ru- 
dolph II.,  the  emperor  of  the  Romans; 
M.  P.  for  Ripon,  1597-98  and  1601; 
knighted  at  Whitehall,  July  23,  1603; 
M.  P.  for  Morpeth,  1G04-11,  being 
then  "  Dean  of  Carlisle."  In  1617  he 
married  "  Mrs.  Anne  Brett,  relict  of 
Brett,  of  Hobie,  County  Leices- 
ter, deceased,"  an  aunt  of  Bucking- 
ham's, when  he  said  he  was  "  about  GO 
years  of  age  ; "  but  Chamberlain 
says  he  was  77.  He  succeeded  Sir 
Daniel  Dun  as  master  of  requests,  and 
died  about  the  last  of  August,  1G22. 
"His  widow.  Lady  Perkins,  is  sister 
to  the  Countess  of  Buekinghani,  and 
mother  to  the  Countess  of  Middlesex. 
He  was  said  to  be  a  papist  or  Jesuit, 
a  doctor,  a  dean,  a  master  of  requests, 
a  knight,  and  what  not."  (Chamber- 
lain.) He  was  buried  in  Westminster 
Abbey,  September  1,  1622. 

Perkins,  Edward,  2.     Sub. ; 


pd.  £37  10s.  He  died  some  time  before 
1G20,  at  wiiich  time  his  widow  held  an 
additional  share  iu  Virginia. 

Perkins,  Francis.  Came  to  Vir- 
ginia with  his  son  in  1G08.  Smith 
gives  in  his  list  of  this  supply  only 
two  of  the  name,  "  Francis  Perkins, 
gent.,  and  Francis  Perkins,  labourer." 
Smith's  gentleman  and  labourer  were 
probably  father  and  son. 

Perkins  (or  Perkin),  Thomas, 
cooper,  2.     Sub. ;  pd.  £12  10s. 

Perrott,  Sir  James,  3.  Sub.  £37 
10s.;  pd.  £12  10s.  Of  Harrgldston, 
County  Pembroke.  Youngest  sou,  and 
eventually  heir,  of  Sir  John  Perrott 
(natural  son  of  Henry  VIII. ),  by  his 
second  wife,  Jane  Pollard  ;  M.  P.  for 
Haverfordwest,  1597-88  ;  kniglited  at 
Sir  William  Fleetwood's,  July  9, 1603; 
M.  P.  for  Haverfordwest,  1604-11, 
IGli,  and  1621-22,  and  for  County 
Pembroke,  162-4-25  ;  died,  s.  p.,  iu 
1611. 

Petre,  John  Lord,  2.     Sub.  ; 

pd.  £95.  Son  of  "  Sir  William  Petre, 
Knt.,  LL.  D.,  a  person  of  great  learn- 
ing, and  one  of  the  principal  secreta- 
ries of  state  in  the  reigns  of  Henry 
VIIL,  Edward  VI.,  Mary,  and  Eliza- 
beth." He  was  knighted  in  1576; 
M.  P.  for  Essex  in  1584r-S5  ;  created 
Baron  Petre,  of  Writtle,  County  Es- 
sex, July  21,  1603.  He  died  October 
11,  1613,  at  \\  est  Hornden  in  E.ssex, 
"  of  a  long,  languishing  consumption." 
His  sister  Dorothy  and  her  husband, 
Nicholas  Wadham,  "  founded,  fin- 
ished, and  endowed  Wadham  College, 
0-xford." 

Pett,  Arthur,  2.     Sub.  ;    pd. 

.  (The  same  who  made  the  voy- 
age with  Jackman  in  1580  ?) 

Pett  (see  Peate),  Peter,  2.     Sub. 

;    pd.  £12  10s.     Lived  "  on  the 

other  side  of  Depeford  in  Kent." 
Son  of  Peter  and  brother  of  the  fol- 
lowing Phineas.  (See  Le  Neve's 
"Knights.") 

Pett,  Phenice  (Phineas),  2.  Sub. 
£37  10s.;  pd.  £37  10s.  Of  Chatham, 
Kent.  Second  son  of  Mr.  Peter  Pett, 
of  Deptford-strand  in  Kent,  one  of 
the  shipwrights  of  Queen  Elizabeth, 
who  was  the  son  of  Peter  Pett,  master- 
builder  of  the  royal  navy  to  Queen 
Mary.  Born  on  the  1st  of  November 
(and  baptized  on  the  8th),  1570,  at 
Deptford  ;  educated  at  Emanuel  Col- 


966 


PETT— PHILIP 


lege  in  the  University  of  Cambridge, 
1586-90.  On  the  death  of  his  father 
in  1590,  he  apprenticed  himself  to  Mr. 
Richard  Chapman,  a  shipwright  at 
Deptford,  and  was  afterwards  made 
one  of  the  shipwrights  to  King  James ; 
a  great  favorite  of  Henry,  Prince  of 
Wales;  succeeded  his  elder  brother 
Joseph  in  1606,  as  one  of  the  master- 
shipwrights  in  the  navy.  "  He  is  said 
to  have  been  the  first  scientific  naval 
architect,  remodeled  the  navy,  abol- 
ishing the  lofty  forecastles  and  poop, 
which 'liad  made  earlier  ships  resemble 
Chinese  junks."  (Chambers.)  In  1610 
he  laid  down  the  Prince-Royal,  a  two- 
decker,  carrying  64  large  guns.  He 
was  the  first  master  of  the  Shipwrights' 
Company,  after  their  new  charter  of 
incorporation  in  1012. 

He  fitted  out  the  fleet  which  carried 
over  the  Princess  Elizabeth  and  her 
husband,  the  Palsgrave,  in  1613,  and 
went  in  the  voyage  ;  fitted  out  the  fleet 
and  sailed  with  Prince  Charles  to  Spain 
in  1623  ;  and  likewise  the  fleet  which 
brought  over  Henrietta  Maria  in  1625. 
It  was  a  safe  idea  to  make  the  ship- 
wright sail  in  his  own  vessel  on  these 
voyages.  In  1637  he  launched  at 
Woolwich  the  celebrated  Sovereign  of 
the  Seas,  the  first  three-€lecker,  and  the 
largest  ship  hitherto  constructed  on 
modern  principles. 

Pett,  Captaine  Phineas,  3.  Sub. 
;  pd.  .  Second  son  of  Phin- 
eas aforesaid,  by  his  wife  Anne,  daugh- 
ter of  Nicholls  ;  in  the  expedi- 
tion, under  Sir  R.  Mansell,  against  the 
pirates  of  Algiers  in  1620;  captaine  of 
the  Tyger  man-of-war  ;  stationed  at 
Chatham  in  1642  ;  and  was,  I  take  it, 
the  "  Phineas  Pette,  Esq.,  and  Cap- 
taine," who  was  buried  at  Chatham, 
August  21,  1647. 

Pett,  Master.  "  Lamentable  Newes, 
Shewing  the  wonderfull  deliverance 
of  Maister  Edmond  Pet,  Sayler,  and 
Maister  of  a  Ship,  dwelling  in  Seeth- 
ing Lane  in  London,  neere  Barking 
Church.  With  other  strange  things 
lately  hapned  concerning  these  great 
windes  and  tempestuous  weatlicr,  both 
at  Sea  and  Lande.  Imprinted  at  Lon- 
don by  T.  C.  for  William  I>arlev,  dwel- 
ling over  against  Grace  Church,  neere 
Algate,  1013." 

Pettus,  Sir  John,  3.     Sub. ; 

pd.    £25.      Of   Norwich  ;    M.   P.   for 


Norwich,  1601  and  1604-11;  died 
April  9,  1613.  A  benefactor  of  Nor- 
wich Cathedral. 

Peyton,  Sir  Henry,  2.  Sub.  £37 
10s. ;  pd.  £25.  Sou  of  Thomas,  of  St. 
Edmondsbury,  customer  of  Plymouth, 
by  his  wife.  Lady  Cecilia  Bourchier, 
daughter  of  John,  second  Earl  of  Bath. 
Sir  Henry  followed  long  the  wars  in 
the  Low  Countries;  was  knighted  by 
King  James  at  Royston  in  May,  1600; 
was  of  the  household  of  Henry,  Prince 
of  Wales.  He  entered  the  service  of 
the  Venetian  Republic  in  1618. 

Phellipps  (Philips,  etc.),  Sir  Ed- 

■ward,  3.     Sub.  ;   pd.  .     Of 

Montacute  in  Somerset  ;  M.  P.  Beer- 
alston,  1584-85  ;  Melcombe,  1586-87  ; 
Penryn,  1593  ;  Andover,  1597-98; 
Somerset,  1601  and  1604-11;  speaker, 
1604;  called  to  the  bar  of  Middle 
Temple  ;  Serjeant,  160.3  ;  king's  Ser- 
jeant, May,  1603,  when  kniglited;  chief 
justice  of  Lancashire,  1604;  master  of 
the  rolls,  1611  ;  N.  W.  P.  Co.,  1612; 
died  September  11,  1614. 

Phellipps  (Philips)  Sir  Robert. 
Of  Montacute,  Somerset  ;  son  of  Sir 
Edward,  aforesaid;  knighted  at  White- 
hall, July  23,  1603;  added  to  his  Maj- 
estv's  Council  for  the  Va.  Co.  about 
16i4  ;  M.  P.  for  Saltash,  1614,  and 
for  Bath,  1621-22;  committed  to  the 
Tower  for  a  time  in  January,  1622  ; 
a  distinguished  and  active  member 
of  the  popular  party  after  the  dis- 
solution of  Parliament,  February  8, 
1622;  friendlv  to  the  Sandys  party  in 
the  factions  of  the  Va.  Co.,  1622-24; 
M.  P.  for  Somerset,  1624-25, 1625,  and 
1628-29  ;  married  Bridget,  daughter 
of  Sir  Thomas  Gorges,  by  Helena,  his 
wife,  widow  of  the  Marquis  of  North- 
ampton ;  died  in  1638,  leaving  two 
sons,  both  afterwards  distinguished 
cavalier  commanders. 

Phettiplace       (or       Fettiplace), 

Michael,   gent.,  2.     Sub.  ;    pd. 

£12  10s.  Came  to  Virginia  in  1607. 
Probably  returned  to  England. 

Phettiplace  (or  Fettiplace),  "Wil- 

liam,  gent.,  2.     Sub.  ;    pd.  £10. 

Came  to  Virginia  in  1607.  Probably 
returned  to  England. 

Philip  n.,  of  Spain.  Born  1527; 
King  of  Naples,  1554;  married  Mary, 
Queen  of  England,  July  25,  1554;  his 
father,  Charles  V.,  abdicated  to  him 
the  crown  of   Spain  and  the  Sixinish 


PHILIP  —  POCAHONTAS 


967 


possessions  iu  America,  February  5, 
1550;  the  council  of  the  Indies  advised 
him  to  contide  the  conquest  of  Florida 
to  Don  Luis  de  Velasco,  who  sailed 
for  that  purpose  in  Septembei",  1558; 
Queen  Mary  died  November  17, 1558, 
and  Philip  proposed  to  Elizabeth  in 
-January,  155'J,  but  was  refused;  i-evolt 
of  the  Netherlands,  1505;  October  15, 
1505,  Meuendez  wrote  to  him,  "un- 
folding his  plan  for  colonizing  and 
holding  Florida  by  means  of  a  series 
of  forts  at  the  Chesapeake  Bay,  Port 
Koyal,  the  Martyrs,  and  the  Bay  of 
Juan  Ponce  de  Leon."  His  treasure 
stayed  in  England  on  account  of  the 
Hawkins  trouble  in  1508  ;  King  of 
Portugal,  1580;  at  open  war  with  Eng- 
land, 1585;  sent  the  Armada  against 
England,  1588  ;  intrigued  in  France 
against  Henry  of  Navarre,  1585-93  ; 
his  ministers  attempt  assassination  of 
Queen  Elizabeth,  1593-94;  died  at  the 
Escurial,  September  13, 1598,  and  was 
succeeded  by  his  son  as  Philip  III. 

Philip  III,  of  Spain.  Son  of  Phil- 
ip II.  by  his  fourth  wife,  Anna  of 
Austria,  whose  mother  was  sister  to 
Philip  II.  Born  at  Madrid,  April  14, 
1578  ;  succeeded  his  father,  Septem- 
ber 13,  1598;  made  Duke  of  Lermaliis 
first  minister  ;  married  Margaret  of 
Austria,  April  18, 1599;  continued  war 
in  the  Netherlands  ;  sent  embassy  to 
James  I.  of  England  in  1003;  con- 
cluded treaty  of  peace  with  England, 
August  18,  1004,  and  signed  the  same 
at  Valladolid,  June  15,  1005  ;  con- 
cluded truce  for  12  years,  and  rec- 
ognized independence  of  the  United 
Provinces,  April  9,  1009  (N.  S.);  ex- 
pelled all  Moors  from  Spain,  January 
10,  1010  ;  lost  his  queen,  October  3, 
1011  ;  proposed  marriage  to  the  Prin- 
cess Elizabetii  of  England,  1012  ;  dis- 
missed Lernia,  October  20, 1018;  min- 
istry of  the  Duke  of  L'zeda  (Lerraa's 
son);  died  at  Madrid,  :March  31, 1021. 
He  was  timid,  indolent,  and  incapable, 
and  abandoned  the  direction  of  affairs 
to  his  favorite,  the  Duke  of  Lerma. 

Phillips.     See  Phellipps,  etc. 

Phillips,  Thomas.     Pd.  £12  10s. 

Philpot,  Henry.     Pd.  £25. 

Pigot,  Captain  (John),   2.     Sub. 

;  pd. .     (Taken  prisoner  at 

Mulheim  iu  1005.  Went  with  Pialegh 
to  Guiana  in  1017,  and  died  there.) 

Pit,    George,   2.     Sub.    £37    10s.; 


pd.  £112  10s.  Also  of  the  E.  I.  and 
N.  W.  P.  companies.  Probably  George 
Pitt,  of  Harrow  on  the  Hill  in  County 
Middlesex,  whose  daughter  Elizabeth 
married,  first.  Sir  Henry  Hatton,  and, 
secondly,  Peter  Pett. 

Plumnier  (or  Plomer),  Edward, 

merchant,   3.      Sub.  ;    pd.  . 

Probably  Edmund  IMomer,  of  London, 
who  was  buried  in  St.  Swithin's,  Lon- 
don, August  31,  1024. 

Plumnier  —  Plumer  —  Plomer, 

Thomas,  merchant-tailor.     Sub. ; 

pd. .     Who    bought    Sir  Walter 

Ralegh's  house  and  lands  at  Mitcham 
in  1010  ;  son  of  Walter  Plomer,  mer- 
chant-tailor, of  London.  In  January, 
1037,  he  was  chosen  sheriff  of  London, 
and  King  Charles  wrote  to  the  lord 
mayor  and  court  of  aldermen,  asking 
them  to  excuse  him  from  serving, 
"  considering  his  infirmity  in  his  hear- 
ing, and  for  some  other  respects  best 
known  to  ourself,  we  hold  him  no  way 
fit  to  undertake  that  charge,  espe- 
cially in  these  times  of  action."  The 
lord  mayor  and  aldermen  were  slow 
in  consenting,  and  on  the  17th  Octo- 
ber, 1037,  tlie  king  wrote,  "  command- 
ing that,  without  further  delay,  Mr. 
Plummer's  bond  should  be  delivered 
up  to  him,"  etc.  He  was  buried  in  St. 
Swithin's  Church,  London,  July  4, 
1039.  His  son.  Sir  Walter,  was  made 
a  baronet. 

Pocahontas.  Strachey  says  this 
name  means  "  little  wanton  "  —  a  name 
which  the  settlers  would  be  apt  to  give 
to  any  little  Indian  girl.  Powhatan 
was  the  father  of  more  than  one 
"  little  Indian  wanton,"  and  it  does  not 
seem  certain  to  me  that  the  Pocahon- 
tas (aged  ten)  seen  by  Smith  in  May, 
1008;  the  Pocahontas,  alias  Amonate, 
whoxn  Strachey  says  "  married  a 
private  captaine  called  Kocoum"  in 
1010  ;  and  the  Pocahontas,  aliaa  Ma- 
toaka  (aged  19),  who  married  John 
Rolfe  in  April,  1014,  were  necessarily 
the  same  "  little  wanton."  The  refer- 
ences seem  to  apply  to,  at  least,  two 
Indian  girls. 

The  Pocahontas  who  married  Rolfe 
was  brought  to  Jamestown  as  a  pris- 
oner by  Captain  Argall  in  April,  1013. 
In  tiie  following  August  there  was  a 
very  interesting  collection  of  prisoners 
in  Virginia:  French  Jesuits  and  officers, 
Spanish  spies,  and  an  Indian  princess, 


968 


POCAHONTAS  —  POPHAM 


mainly  collected  by  "  that  piratical  ship 
called  the  Treasurer,"  wliich,  six  years 
later,  brought  the  first  negroes  to  Vir- 
ginia. In  the  spring  of  1616,  Sir 
Thomas  Dale  sailed  to  England  in  the 
Treasurer,  taking  with  him  the  Prin- 
cess Pocahontas  and  several  other  In- 
dians. She  was  "  the  lion  "  of  the  day; 
was  wined,  and  dined,  and  taken  to  the 
play.  Lord  and  Lady  I)e  la  Warr 
introduced  her  at  court.  She  was  en- 
tertained by  the  Bishop  of  London  as 
the  first  fruit  of  the  English  Church 
among  the  Virginians.  She  died  at 
Gravesend  in  March,  1617,  and  Smith 
says  that  Sir  Lewis  Stukely  took  charge 
of  her  child,  Thomas  Rolfe.  Other 
accounts  make  it  appear  that  the  child 
was  left  with  his  uncle,  Henry  Rolfe. 
Stukely  was  the  vice-admiral  of  Devon, 
before  whom  the  whitewashing  re- 
port of  Smith's  misadventure  was 
made  in  December,  1615.  In  the  sum- 
mer of  1618  he  betrayed  his  cousin. 
Sir  Walter  Ralegh.  In  January,  1619, 
it  was  found  out  that  he  "had  been 
for  many  years  engaged  in  the  nefari- 
ous occupation  of  clipping  coin  ;"  and 
Gardiner  says,  "  He  fled  away  to 
hide  his  shame  in  the  lonely  Isle  of 
Lundy,  and  in  less  than  tw^o  years  after 
Ralegh's  execution,  he  died  a  raving 
madman,  amidst  the  howling  of  the 
Atlantic  storms." 

Poe,  Dr.  (Leonard),  2.   Sub. ; 

pd. .  One  of  the  king's  physi- 
cians ;  chosen  a  fellow  of  the  College 
of  Physicians,  July  7,  1609.  He  at- 
tended Salisbury  in  his  last  illness. 

Pole  —  Po-wle.     See  Powell. 

Poole  (spc  Pov^ell),  Jonas,  mari- 
ner. He  had  made  several  voyages  to 
the  northern  oceans  before  coming  to 
Virginia  ;  went  to  tlie  falls  of  James 
River  in  May,  1607.  Purchas  says  he 
was  paid  a  certain  stipend  by  Sir 
Thomas  Smytlie  and  tlie  Mus.  Co.,  and 
that  he  made  annual  vo3ages  to  the 
North  Sea  ;  that  *'  he  was  the  first 
namer  of  Greenland  in  the  voyage  of 
May,  1610  [the  land  was  really  S2iitz- 
bergen] ;  tliat  he  brought  home,  on 
one  of  his  voyages,  the  home  of  a  sea 
unicorn,  which  was  good  against  poi- 
sons ;  and  that  soon  after  his  return 
from  his  voyage  of  1612  lie  was  "  mis- 
erably and  basely  miirthered  betwixt 
Ratcdiffe  and  London." 

Poole  (or  Pole),  Sir  "William,  3. 


Sub. ;   pd.  £37  10s.     Of  Shute, 

County  Devon.  The  celebrated  an- 
tiquary ;  barrister  of  the  Inner  Tem- 
ple and  treasurer  of  the  same;  sheriff 
of  Devon,  1602-03;  knighted  at 
Whitehall,  February  15,  1607  ;  died 
February  9,  1635,  aged  74. 

Popham  Pedigree.  (Extract.)  Al- 
exander Popham,  of  Huntworth,  Coun- 
ty Somerset,  married  Jane,  daughter 
of  Sir  Edward  Stradling,  of  St.  Do- 
nat's  Castle,  County  Glamorgan,  and 
had  issue,  with  others,  two  sons,  Ed- 
ward and  John  (of  whom  hereafter). 

The  eldest  son,  Edward  Popham, 
Esq.,  of  Huntworth,  married  Jane, 
daughter  of  Richard  Norton,  of  Ab- 
bot's Lee,  and  had,  with  others,  two 
sons,  Alexander  and  George  (of  whom 
hereafter). 

Popham,  Alexander.  Eldest  son 
of  Edward  Popham,  Esq.  (see  pedi- 
gree) ;  married  Dulcibella,  daughter 
of  John  Barley.  Pie  was  buried  in 
the  Temple,  London. 

Popham,  Sir  Francis.  Son  and 
lielr  of  Sir  John  Popham,  Lord  Chief 
Justice.  "  Lived  chiefly  at  Haindstreet 
Marksbury,  near  Bath."  Knighted  by 
Essex  for  gallantry  at  Cadiz,  1596  ; 
M.  P.  for  Somerset,  1597-98,  and  for 
Wiltshire,  1604-11  ;  M.  C.  for  Va., 
Novenaber  20,  1606  ;  joined  the  South 
Va.  Co.  prior  to  1619;  M.  P.  for  Marl- 
borough, 1614  ;  M.  C.  for  N.  E.  Co., 
November  3,  1620  ;  M.  P.  for  Bedwin 
(Bodmin  ?)  1621-22;  for  Chippenham, 
1624-25,  1625,  and  1626  ;  for  Mine- 
head,  1640  till  decease.  "  He  was  a 
strong  Parliamentarian,  and  was  ex- 
cepted out  of  the  general  pardon  by  the 
king."  He  was  first  buried  at  Stoke- 
New  ington,  near  London,  August  15, 
1644  ;  but  it  seems  his  body  was  re- 
moved and  reburied  at  Bristol,  March 
16, 1647.  He  married  Anne  (born  Feb- 
ruary 12, 1575),  daughter  of  John  Dud- 
ley, Esq.,  of  Stoke-Newington  (he  died 
in  1581,  and  his  widow  married  Thomas 
Sutton,  founder  of  the  Charterhouse), 
son  of  Hon.  Thomas  Dudley,  by  his 
wife  Sarah,  daughter  and  co-heir  of 
Lancelot  Tliirkeld  (was  this  the  same 
person  who  aided  in  sending  ves- 
sels to  America  in  the  first  of  the 
sixteenth  century  ?).  Sir  Francis  and 
Anne  Popham  were  tlie  parents  of  five 
sons  and  eight  daughters.  The  eldest 
son,    John,    married,    June    21,    1621, 


I 


POPHAM  —  POPtY 


9G9 


Mary,  daughter  of  Sir  Sebastian  Har- 
vey. (Harvey  died  in  April  before 
the  marriage,  and  his  widow  after- 
wards married  Sir  Thomas  Hiiiton, 
whose  daiighter,  by  a  ft)rmer  wife, 
married  tiie  celebrated  Col.  Samuel 
Matthews,  of  .James  City,  Virginia.) 

Popham,  Captain  George.  Sec- 
ond son  of  Edward  Popham,  Esq. 
(see  pedigree)  ;  was  probably  born 
about  l~}~)3-oo;  captured  from  a  Span- 
ish vessel  at  sea,  in  1594,  documents 
concerning  Guiana,  which  were  used 
by  Ralegh  (see  his  Life  by  Edwards, 
vol.  i.  p.  176).  He  was  a  captain  in 
Robert  Dudley's  voyage  to  Guiana, 
November,  1591,  to  May,  1595.  Gor- 
ges says,  "  He  was  well  stricken  in 
years  before  he  went  to  America  [in 
1607],  and  had  long  been  an  infirm 
man."  He  died  February  5, 1608,  and 
was  buried,  I  suppose,  near  the  old 
fort  of  St.  George. 

Popham,  Sir  John.  Second  son  of 
Alexander  Popham,  of  Huntworth  (see 
pedigree)  ;  was  born  at  Wellington, 
Somersetshire,  about  1531  ;  educated 
at  Baliol  College,  Oxford  ;  M.  P.  for 
Lyme  Regis,  1557-58  ;  reader  at  the 
Middle  Temple,  1568  ;  recorder  of 
Bristol  ;  M.  P.  for  Bristol,  1571,  and 
1572-83;  serjeant  at  law,  January  118, 
1578;  solicitor-general,  June  20,  1579; 
attorney-general,  June  1,  1581;  speak- 
er of  Elizabeth's  fourth  Parliament, 
1581-83;  chief  justice  of  the  Queen's 
Bench,  June  2,  1592,  when  he  was 
knighted  and  made  a  privy  councilor; 
summoned  Essex  to  surrender,  and  was 
arrested  by  Essex,  February  8,  1601  ; 
a  witness  against  Essex  on  his  trial. 
He  presided  at  the  trial  of  Sir  Walter 
Ralegh  in  1603. 

In  1604  and  1605  there  was  a  "  great 
controversy  between  the  Lord  Zouch 
and  the  Lord  Chief  Justice."  Carle- 
ton,  writing  to  Winwood,  says,  "  'J'here 
hath  a  great  cause  troubled  the  coun- 
cil often  and  long,  between  the  Lord 
Zouch  and  the  Lord  Chief  Justice  ; 
the  one  standing  for  his  privileges  of 
the  bench,  the  other  for  his  Court  of 
Presidency,  which  do  sometimes  cross 
one  another.  The  prerogative  finds 
more  friends  among  the  lords,  but  the 
judges  and  attorney  plead  hard  for  the 
law;  the  king  stands  indifferent;  ad- 
huc  sub  jtidice  lis  est."  I  believe  this 
quarrel  had  an  effect  on  our  destiny. 


On  the  30th  of  October,  1605,  Sir 
John  Zouche  and  Capt.  (ieorge  Way- 
mouth  entered  into  an  agreement  for 
.settling  a  private  plantation  in  Vir- 
ginia ;  but,  per  contra,  there  was  a 
strong  movement,  with  Sir  John  J^op- 
ham  as  leader,  against  private  planta- 
tions, "which  had  always  failed,"  and 
in  favor  of  public  plantations,  managed 
by  large  incorporated  companies,  and 
the  Po2)ham  idea  prevailed.  He  pre- 
sided at  the  trials  of  Guy  Fawkes  and 
his  associates  in  1606.  "  March  30, 
1607,  he  was  commissioned  to  supply 
the  place  of  the  lord  chancellor  in  Par- 
liament during  his  absence."  "June 
10,  1607,  Sir  John  Popham  died  sud- 
denly." June  23, 1607,  licensed  to  Wil- 
liam Blackwall  and  William  Ferbrand. 
"  A  Dyttie  of  the  Commons  complaint 
for  the  Death  of  the  right  honorable 
Sir  eJohn  Popham,  Lord  Chief  Justice 
of  England."  "  His  remaius  repose 
mider  a  magnificent  tomb  in  the  church 
at  Wellington,  Somerset,  surrounded 
by  a  palisade  of  wood  and  iron."  "  He 
acquired  the  estate  of  Littlecote,  Wilt- 
shire, and  founded  the  Pophams  of 
that  place."  He  married,  about  1560, 
Amy,  daughter  and  heir  cf  Robert 
Games,  Esq.,  of  Caselton,  County 
Glamorgan,  and  had  issue  by  her:  — 

1.  Sir  Francis  Popham,  son  and  heir  ; 

2.  Penelope  Popham,  married  Thomas 
Hanham,  serjeant  at  law,  and  they  were 
the  jiarents  of  Sir  John  and  Thomas 
Hanham  ;  3.  Jane  Popham,  married 
TJiomas  Horner,  Esq.  ;  4.  Eleanor 
Popham,  married  Roger  Warre,  Esq.; 
5.  Elizabeth  Popham,  married  Sjr 
Richard  Champernon  ;  6.  JMary  Pop- 
ham, married  Sir  John  Mallet  ;  7. 
Katherine  Popham,  married  Edward 
Rogers,  Esq. 


Pory,  John,  gent.,  2.     Sub. ; 

pd. .     Born  about  1570  ;  entered 

Gon^'il  and  Caius  College,  Cambridge, 


970 


PORY 


1587  ;  about  1597  became  a  disciple 
of  Hakhiyt  in  "  Cosmographie  and 
foreign  histories."  In  IGUO  he  trans- 
lated, collected,  and  published,  "  A 
Geographical  Historie  of  Africa,  writ- 
ten in  Arabicke  and  Italian,  by  John 
Leo,  a  More,  borne  in  Granada,  and 
brought  up  in  Barbarie."  It  is  dedi- 
cated to  Sir  Robert  Cecil.  Pory  has 
added  a  good  deal  of  original  matter, 
which  had  been  collected  by  him.  It 
contains  a  good  account  of  Abyssinia, 
and  a  map  of  Africa,  tracing  the  Nile 
from  an  inland  lake. 

M.  P.  for  Bridge  water,  1605-11  ; 
Master  of  Arts  at  Cambridge,  April 
19,  1610;  licensed  to  travel  for  three 
years,  May  21, 1611;  carried  to  France 
a  treatise  of  the  Bishop  of  Ely  and 
Casaubon's  to  the  Cardinal  Perron,  in 
answer  of  a  certain  letter  of  his  sent 
to  King  James,  and  a  present  to  De 
Thou,  the  French  historian,  of  material 
for  Queen  Elizabeth's  life,  collected 
b}"-  Cotton  and  written  out  by  Camden, 
defending  Mary  Queen  of  Scots  ;  vis- 
iting Turin,  with  purpose  to  see  those 
parts  in  July,  1613  ;  became  attached 
to  the  embassy  of  Paul  Pindar  at 
Constantinople,  and  when  Pindar  was 
recalled  in  November,  1616,  the  loss 
of  his  place  "  came  ill  to  pass  for  poor 
Master  Pory."  "  It  had  been  long- 
reported  in  England,"  says  Carew  to 
Roe,  "  that  he  had  died  in  Constanti- 
nople;" arrived  in  England  in  Janu- 
ary, 1617,  bringing  letters  from  Sir 
Thomas  Roe,  dated  at  Asmore,  East 
India,  in  February,  1616,  and  sent 
overland  to  Aleppo,  and  then  to  Con- 
stantinople, there  opened  by  the  am- 
bassador, and  delivered  to  Mr.  Pory, 
who  brought  them  into  England  ;  at 
The  Hague  in  September,  1617  ;  re- 
turned to  I^ngland  in  October  follow- 
ing ;  employed  with  others  by  the 
Privy  Council  to  bring  back  Lord  Roos 
from  Rome  in  the  winter  of  1617—18  ; 
returned    to    England    in    February, 

1618,  "  saying  he  had  only  been  to 
Turin,  and  south  parts  of  France." 
On  November  28,  1618,  he  wrote  to 
Carleton,  "  is  offered  the  secretaryship 
for  Virginia  by  means  of  Sir  George 
Yardley,  the  newly  elected  governor  ; 
but  will  not  accept  it  without  outfit  as 
well  as  allowance."  He  did  accept  ; 
sailed     from     P^ngland     January     19, 

1619,  and  arrived    in  Virginia    April 


19.  He  was  added  to  the  council  in 
Virginia,  and  on  July  30, 1619,  he  was 
the  first  speaker  of  the  first  House  of 
Burgesses  in  America.  He  remained 
in  Virginia,  making  voyages  of  dis- 
covery, writing  letters,  and  making 
himself  generally  useful  until  about 
August,  1622,  when  he  sailed  from 
Virginia  in  the  Discovery,  Capt. 
Thomas  Jones,  via  New  England,  to 
discover  all  the  harboi-s  and  the  shoals 
off  Cape  Cod,  and  to  trade  along  the 
coast  where  they  could.  July  26, 
1623,  Chamberlain  wrote  to  Carleton, 
"  Our  old  acquaintance,  Mr.  Pory,  is 
in  poor  case,  and  in  prison  at  the 
Terceras,  whither  he  was  driven,  by 
contrary  winds,  from  the  north  coast 
of  Virginia,  where  he  had  been  upon 
some  discovery,  and  upon  his  arrival 
[at  the  Azores]  was  arraigned,  and  in 
danger  to  be  hanged  for  a  pirate." 
He  probably  reached  England  soon  af- 
ter. On  the  20th  of  October,  1623,  the 
Privy  Council-  chose  him  to  carry  over 
and  to  publish  throughout  Virginia, 
the  orders  of  July  4, 1623  (concerning 
the  relief  for  Virginia),  of  October  8, 
1623  (declaring  the  king's  resolution 
in  re  Virginia),  and  of  October  20, 
1623  (exj)laining  the  king's  position). 
On  the  24th  of  October  he  was  ap- 
pointed on  the  commission  to  inquire 
into  the  real  state  of  the  plantation  in 
Virginia.  They  arrived  in  Virginia  in 
Januar}",  1614,  and  performed  their 
commission.  In  their  report,  drawn 
up  in  February,  1624,  they  assert  that 
the  general  desire  of  the  colony  is  to 
be  immediately  under  the  government 
and  protection  of  the  king,  "  only 
some  few,  employed  by  the  company, 
fear,  by  the  change  of  government, 
their  loss  of  employment,  and  so  desire 
to  be  still  under  the  company."  Pory 
was  on  the  Virginia  Commission  of 
July  15,  1624,  and  was  a  member  in 
England  of  the  council  for  Virginia  ; 
but,  it  seems,  never  returned  to  Amer- 
ica again.  He  remained  in  London  as 
a  news  letter-writer,  intelligencer,  or 
reporter,  until  about  1631,  when  he 
retired  to  his  home  at  Sutton  St.  Ed- 
monds, where  he  died  in  1635-36,  and 
in  April,  1636,  administration  on  his 
estate  was  granted  by  the  Prerogative 
Court  of  Canterbury  to  "  Anne  Ellis, 
■wife  of  Robert  Ellis,  and  sister  of 
John   Pory,    late    of   Sutton    St.    Ed- 


GILBERT  TALBOT 
Seventh  Earl  of  Shrevjsbtirv 


PORY  —  PRESTON 


971 


monds,     Lincolnshire,     bachelor,     de- 
ceased, intestate." 


Pory,  Robert.     Pd.  £25. 

Potts,  Richard.  Clerk  of  the 
Coiincil  ill  \'irgiuia,  1608—09;  returned 
to  f]ii(Tliind. 

Powell,  Sergeant  -  Major  An- 
thony. Killed  at  St.  Augustine,  Flor- 
ida, by  Spaniards,  August  8,  1580. 

Powell,  Captain  Nathaniel.  One 
of  the  first  planters  ;  left  England  in 
December,  1606,  and  arrived  in  \'ir- 
ginia  in  April,  1607.  In  the  winter 
of  1608,  with  Newport,  exploring  the 
York  River.  From  July  24  to  Sep- 
tember 7,  1608,  with  Captain  Smith, 
exploring  the  Chesapeake  Bay.  He 
was  probably  the  author  of  the  "  Di- 
arie  of  the  second  voyage  in  discover- 
ing the  Bay,"  which  was  sent  to  Eng- 
land by  Newport  in  December,  1608  ; 
and  the  sixth  chapter  of  Smith's  "  His- 
tory "  was  probably  partially  com- 
piled from  this  "  Diarie,"  as  it  bears 
Powell's  signature,  and  it  was  prob- 
ably "  Captain  Powell's  Map  "  of  the, 
bay  and  rivers  which  accompanied 
"  The  Relation  of  the  Countries  and 
Nations,"  said  to  have  been  sent  to 
England  by  Smith  in  December,  1608. 
He  w.is  deputy-governor  of  Virginia 
for  a  short  time  in  1619,  and  member 
of  the  council  there,  1619-22.  Him- 
self and  wife  were  killed  by  the 
Indians,  March  22,  1622.  His  wife 
was  a  daughter  of  Master  William 
Tracy,  and  he  was  interested  in  the 
Tracy- Berkeley -Smith  of  Nibloy- 
Thorpe  plantation  at  Berkeley  ia  Vir- 
ginia. 

Powell  —  Powle  —  Poole — Pole 
—  Sir  Stephen,  2.  Sub.  £37  10s.  ; 
pd.  £100.  Son  of  Thomas  Powle,  Esq., 
one  of  the  six  clerks  of  the  chancery, 
by  his  wife,  Jane  Tate,  which  Thomas 
died  iu  1601,  aged  88,  and  was  buried 
in  St.  Dunstan's  in  the  West,  London, 
and  "  liis  sou,  Stephen  Powle,  Esq., 
the  only  survivor  of  five  sons,  suc- 
ceeded him  in  the  office  of  one  of  the 
six  clerks  of  the  chancery."  He  was 
knighted  at  Theobald's,  jiily  21,  1604, 


as  of  Essex;  M.  C.  for  Va.  Co.,  May 
23,  1609  ;  still  living  in  1619. 

Powell,  William,  gent.,  2.     Sub. 

;    pd.   £25.      Came   to  Virginia 

with  Gates  in  1611  ;  was  the  gunner 
of  James  City  ;  member  of  the  first 
House  of  Burgesses,  July  30,  1619. 
Pace  first  told  liim  of  the  plot  revealed 
by  C banco  for  murdering  the  colonists, 
March  21,  1622.  He  was  afterwards 
employed  in  taking  revenge  on  the 
Indians,  and  was  probably  killed  by 
them  on  the  Chicaiiominy,  between 
January  20  and  24,  1623. 

Pow^hatan.  "  Emperor  of  the  In- 
dians in  Virginia  ; "  died  in  April, 
1618.  The  father  of  Pocahontas. 
Hamor  says,  "  Powhatan's  father  was 
driven  from  the  West  Indies  by  the 
Spaniards."  Beverley  says,  "  Opechan- 
canough  was  said  to  have  been  a  prince 
of  a  foreign  nation  and  came  to  Vir- 
ginia a  great  way  from  the  south- 
west, and  by  their  (the  Indians)  ac- 
count we  suppose  him  to  have  come 
from  the  Spanish  Indians,  somewhere 
near  jNIexico,  or  the  mines  of  St. 
Barbe."  Smith  says,  "  Opechanca- 
nough  was  a  brother  to  Powhatan," 
which  Beverley  doubts.  However, 
when  we  consider  the  above  accounts, 
with  the  habits  of  exploring  Spaniards 
(especially  those  under  De  Soto)  and 
the  superiority  of  Powhatan  and  Poca- 
hontas to  the  Indians  generally,  we 
may  enable  their  descendants  to  build 
for  their  ancestors  "  castles  iu  Spain." 

Poyntell,  Richard,  fishmonger- 
Sub.  ;     pd.   £62    lOs.       Of   the 

E.  I.  and  N.  W.  P.  companies  ;  will 
dated  iu  January,  16^1  ;  a  benefactor 
of  the  Fishmongers. 

Pratt,   John,   2.     Sub.  ;    pd. 

£12  10s.     Came  to  Virginia  iu  1008. 

Prescott,  Jeffrey,  merchant-tailor. 
Pd.  £1.  Sou  of  William  Prescott,  of 
Copul  in  the  parish  of  Standi.^h,  and 
of  Eccleston,  both  in  County  Lancas- 
ter. 

Preston,    Sir    Amias,     2.      Sub. 

;   pd.  £100.     "  Descended  of  an 

ancient  family,  who  have  a  habitation 
at  Cricket,  nigh  Crewkerne  in  Somer- 
setshire ;  a  valiant  soldier  and  active 
seaman.  He  greatly  distinguislied 
himself  in  the  battle  with  the  Spanish 
Armada  in  1588,  in  wliich  action  he 
was  dangerously  wounded." 

Made  a  voyage  with  Capt.  George 


972 


PRESTON  —  PRING 


Somers  to  the  West  Indies  in  1595  ; 
knighted  by  Essex  for  gallantry  at 
Cadiz  in  1596  ;  commanded  the  Defi- 
ance in  the  fleet  sent  to  the  Azores 
under  Essex  in  1597.  After  the  Essex 
rising,  early  in  IGOl,  it  seems  Sir 
Walter  Ralegh  became  involved  in  a 
quarrel  witii  Sir  Ferdinando  Gorges 
and  Sir  Amias  Preston,  and  Preston 
challenged  Ralegh  for  a  duel,  "  but 
the  parties  weiv  afterwards  recon- 
ciled ;  "  appointed  by  James  I.  "  keeper 
of  the  naval  stores  and  ordnance  in 
the  Tower,"  May  17,  1G03. 

M.  C.  for  Va.  Co.,  May  23,  1609. 
He  is  said  to  have  died  early  in  the 
reign  of  King  James,  but  the  date  of 
his  death  is  unknown  to  me.  The 
records  of  the  Va.  Co.  show  that  he 
died  before  1619.  (Amyas  Preston, 
gent.,  and  Julian  Burye,  widow,  of 
the  city  of  London,  were  married  at 
Stepney  in  May,  1581.) 

Pretty,    George,    gent.,    2,      Sub. 

;    pd.   £12    10s.      Came   to  A'^ir- 

ginia  in  1607.  (Erancis  Pretty  was 
one  of  the  very  few  Englishmen  who 
went  twice  around  the  world  in  the 
sixteenth  century.) 

Price,  Rev.  Daniel.  Son  of  Thomas 
Price,  Vicar  of  Shrewsbury  ;  born  in 
1578  ;  M.  A.  Oxford,  and  a  chaplain 
to  Henry,  Prince  of  Wales,  in  1609  ; 
published  several  sermons  on  the  death 
of  the  2>rince,  also  anniversary  ser- 
mons on  that  event  in  1613  and  1614. 
He  was  afterwards  ch.aplainto  Charles, 
Prince  of  Wales,  and  in  July,  1621, 
was  imprisoned  for  a  few  days  for  a 
sermon  "wherein  he  was  too  busy  Avith 
Rochelle,  the  Palatinate,  and  the  Span- 
iard." Dean  of  Hereford  in  1625  ; 
died  in  1631,  and  was  buried  in  the 
chancel  of  the  church  of  Worthy's,  near 
Cans  Castle,  Shropshire. 

Price,  Henry,  2.     Sub. ;   pd. 

£12  10.S. 

Pring,  Captain  Martin.  Born  in 
1580,  probaby  near  Awlisoombe  Dev- 
on. His  will,  which  was  recorded  in 
Bristol  in  1626,  mentions  his  father, 
John  Pring,  as  then  living,  and  his 
sister  Margaret.  Charles  Kingsley,  in 
his  "  Westward  Ho  !  "  says,  "  It  was 
to  the  men  of  Devon,  the  Drakes  and 
Hawkins,  Gilberts  and  Ralcighs, 
Grenvilles  and  Oxcnhams,  and  a  host 
more  of  'forgotten  worthies,'  whom 
we  shall  learn   one   day  to  honor  as 


they  deserve,  to  whom  England  owes 
her  commerce,  her  colonies,  and  her 
very  existence."  The  naval  heroes  of 
Elizabeth's  warlike  reign,  who  fought 
battles,  are  comparatively  well-known. 
The  "  forgotten  worthies  "  generally 
belong  to  the  peaceful  reign  of  James 
I.,  who  established  colonies  and  com- 
merce. They  were  not  coniined  to 
Devonshire,  although  many  of  them 
were  from  tliat  county.  I  hope  "  we 
shall  now  learn  to  honor  them  as  they 
deserve." 

In  the  voj'age  to  our  New  England 
coast,  March  20  to  October  2,  1603, 
Martin  Pring  was  master  of  the 
Speedwell,  and  chief  commander  in  the 
voyage  ;  and  as  he  was  then  regarded 
(in  his  23d  year)  as  "a  man  very 
sufficient  for  the  place,"  he  had  prob- 
ably been  bred  to  the  sea,  and  was 
familiar  with  the  Atlantic  Ocean.  The 
map  (CLVIII.)  will  throw  some  light 
on  this  voyage.  Pring  named  Whit- 
son's  Bay,  for  Master  John  Whitson, 
then  mayor  of  Bristol,  and  one  of  the 
chief  adventurers  in  the  voyage.  He 
was  the  founder  of  the  Red  Maid's 
School,  Bristol.  The  bay  is  now 
called  Cape  Cod  Bay.  "  Pring  car- 
ried to  England  an  Indian  canoe,  and 
reported  the  land  he  had  visited  to  be 
full  of  God's  good  blessings." 

March  21,  1604,  he  sailed  as  master 
of  the  Phoenix  for  Guiana  ;  arrived 
at  Wiapoco  in  May,  but  having  some 
misunderstanding,  he  left  the  Phoenix, 
and  returned  to  England  in  a  ship  of 
Amsterdam. 

In  October,  1606,  he  was  again  sent 
to  our  northern  coast  by  the  North 
Virginia  Company,  of  which  voyage 
Sir  Ferdinando  Gorges  wrote,  "  After 
he  [Pring]  had  made  a  perfect  dis- 
covery of  all  those  rivers  and  harbors 
he  was  informed  of  by  his  instructions 
(the  season  of  the  year  i-equiring  his 
return),  he  brought  with  hiui  the  most 
exact  discovery  of  that  coast  that  ever 
came  to  my  hand  .since  ;  and,  indeed,  he 
was  the  best  able  to  perform  it  of  any 
I  met  withal  to  this  present."  And  on 
his  report  an  expedition  was  at  once 
fitted  out  to  establish  an  English  col- 
ony on  that  coast.  Where  he  was  in 
1608-1.3,  I  do  not  know,  but  probably 
in  the  East  India  service.  On  the  1st 
of  March,  1614,  he  sailed  to  the  East 
Indies  as  master  of   the  New  Year's 


PRING 


973 


Gift,  and,  returning,  reached  England 
June  25,  Kilt). 

On  the  4th  of  February,  1C17,  he 
again  sailed  to  the  East  Indies  as  gen- 
eral of  the  fleet  ;  arrived  at  Bantam, 
July  21,  1G17;  took  Lord  Rich's  two 
roving  sliips,  near  the  river  of  Surat,  in 
September,  1(517;  late  in  1618,  joined 
his  fleet  to  Sir  Tliomas  Dale's  fleot, 
the  whole  being  under  Dale's  chief 
command,  and  on  the  23d  of  Decem- 
ber, 1018,  these  combined  fleets  made 
an  attack  on  the  Dutch  fleet,  off  the 
island  of  .lava.  On  the  9th  of  August, 
KJli),  Dale  died  at  Masulipatam,  and 
Pring  succeeded  him  in  command  of 
the  English  East  India  fleet.  He  re- 
mained in-  the  waters  of  the  East 
Indies,  Japan,  etc.,  until  1621,  when 
he  sailed  for  England,  and  arrived 
in  The  Downs,  September  18,  1621. 
While  his  ship,  the  Royal  James,  was 
at  the  Cape  of  Good  Hope,  on  the  re- 
turn voyage,  her  chaplain,  the  Rev. 
Patrick  Copland  (whom  Dale  had  in- 
terested in  Vir.';^inLa.  while  they  were 
serving  together  Jr>  the  East  Indies) 
gathered  from  the  gentlemen  and 
mariners  in  the  said  ship  the  sum  of 
£70  8s.  Gd.  towards  the  building  of  a 
free  school  in  Virginia.  "  The  highest 
amoimt  is  £6  13s.  4d.  by  Capt.  Mar- 
tin Pring,  and  so  decreasing  to  Is." 
This  money  was  paid  to  Henry,  Earl  of 
Southampton,  for  the  Va.  Co.  at  their 
great  and  general  quarter  court,  held 
the  21st  of  November,  1621;  and  the 
court  add^d  1,000  acres  of  land  to  the 
said  free  school,  to  be  at  Charles  City, 
and  to  be  called  "  the  East  India 
school."  "  Towards  the  furtherance 
of  the  East  Indie  Schoole,  an  un- 
knowne  person "  had  already  added 
the  sum  of  £30,  and  at  the  Quarter 
Court  held  the  30th  of  January,  1622, 
a  "person,  not  willing  as  yet  to  be 
knowne,"  sent  £25  in  gold  "  to  helpe 
forward  the  East  Indie  Schoole  ; " 
and  "the  gentlemen  and  mariners  that 
came  lately  [early  in  1622]  home  from 
the  East  Jndies  in  the  two  ships  called 
the  Hart  and  Roe-Bucke,  being  at 
the  Cape  of  Bona  Speranza  [Good 
'Hope],  homeward  bound,  gave  to- 
wards the  building  of  the  aforesaid 
Free-Sclioole  in  Virginia  the  summe 
of  £66  13s.  4d.,"  making  a  total  of 
£192  Is.  lOd.  =  about  .S4,S00. 

"  On  the  3d  of  July,  1622,  the  Quar- 


ter Court  of  the  Virginia  Company 
thought  fltt  to  make  Capt.  Marthi 
Pring  a  freeman  of  the  Companie, 
and  to  give  him  two  shares  of  land  in 
Virginia  in  regard  of  the  large  con- 
tribution which  the  gentlemen  and 
marriners  of  his  ship  had  given  towards 
good  works  in  Virginia,  whereof  he 
was  an  especiall  furtherer." 

Captain  Pring  died  in  1626,  aged 
46.  His  monument  still  exists  in  St. 
Stephen's  Churcli,  Bristol,  England, 
with  the  following  inscription:  "  To 
the  Pious  Memorie  of  Martin  Pringe, 
Merchaunt,  Sometyme  Geneiall  to  the 
East  Indies,  and  one  of  ye  Fraternity 
of  the  Trinity  House. 

"  Tli.^  living  worth  of  this  dead  man  was  such, 
Tliat  this  fajT  Toucli  can  give  you  but  A  Touch 
Of  h.'3  admired  guifts ;  Theise  quarter'd  Arts, 
Eurich'd   his  knowledge   and   ye   spheare  im- 
parts ; 
His  heart's  true  embleme  where  pure  thoughts 

did  move, 
By  A  meat  sacred  Influence  from  above. 
Prudence  and  Fortitude  ore  topp  this  toombe, 
Which  in  brave  Fringe  tooke  up  ye  chiefest 

roome  ; 
Hope-Tim^    supporters    showe   that    he   did 

clyme 
The    highest  pitch   of    Hope  though    not   of 

Tyme. 
His    painefull,    skillfull    travayles    reacht    as 

farre, 
As  from  the  Artick  to  th'  Antartick  starre  ; 
Hee  made  liimsi  Ife  A  Sliipp.     Religion 
His  onely  compass,  and  tlie  truth  alone 
His  guiding  C yno.  ure  ;  Faitli  was  his  sailes, 
His  anchour  Hope.  A  hope  that  never  failes  ; 
His  freicchte  was  C\  aritie,  and  his  retume 
A  fruitfull  practice.     In  this  fatal  urne 
His  Shipp's  fayr  Bulck  is  lodg'd,  but  ye  ritch 

ladinge 
Is  hous'd  in  heaven,  A  haven  never  fadings. 

Hie  terris  multum  jactatus  et  undis. 


Obit  Anno 


;  Salutis  (  iGao. 
-aEtatis  )      40. 


"  This  Monument  was  Beautified  by 
Mrs.  Hannah  Oliver,  widdow,  1733." 

Captain  Pring's  daughter,  Alice, 
married  Andrews,  son  of  William  Bur- 
well.  The  name  is  frequently  spelled 
Prynn,  and  I  am  quite  sure  that  Mr. 
John  Prynn,  who  patented  lands  in 
Virginia  in  1623,  was  of  tlie  same 
family,  and  as  it  seems  certain  from 
the  will  of  Miles  Prickett  (see  "  New 
England  Register,"  Januarv,  1887,  p. 
62),  that  "the  Worshipful  Captain 
Prvn  "  himself  was  absent  on  a  voyage 
to  Virginia  in  November,  1626,  it  may 
be  that  the  patentee  was  his  father, 
who  was  still  living  in  1626.  It  also 
seems  probable  from  the  date  of  his 
death,  and  of  Prickett's  will,  that  he 
either  died  on  his  voyage  to  Virginia, 


974 


PRINGHAM  —  PURCHAS 


or  very  soon  after  his  return  to  Eng- 
land. 

Piingham.     See  Springham. 

Proctor,  Rev.  George,  2.  Sub. 
;  pd.  £25.  One  of  the  king's  chap- 
lains ;  rector  of  Holme  Spaldiiig- 
upon-Moor  and  Barwick-in-Elmett, 
both  in  County  York. 

Proctor,     Rev.     John,    3.      Sub. 

;    pd.   .     Possibly    came    to 

Virginia  in  1609. 

Proude,  Captain  William,  2.  Sub. 
;  pd.  £25. 

Prusey  (see  Bre^w^sey),  Ambrose, 
gent.,  2.     Sub. ;  pd.  £12  10s. 

Pruson.     See  Spruson. 

Puckering,  Sir  Thomas,  baronet. 
Son  of  Sir  John  Puckering,  an  eminent 
lawyer  of  the  reign  of  Queen  Eliza- 
beth. He  was  of  the  N.  W.  P.  Co., 
July  26,  1612  ;  created  a  baronet 
November  25,  1612  ;  resided  at  the 
Priory,  near  Warwick  ;  died  March 
20,  1636. 

Puleston,  Roger,  esquire,  3.    Sub. 

;   pd. .     Of  Emral  in  Flint; 

M.  P.  Bodmin,  1584-86  and  1586-87; 
for  County  of  Flint,  15$8-89  ;  for 
County  of  Denbigh,  15^3,  and  for 
Countv  of  Flint  again,  1604-11.  He 
was  knighted  August  28,  1617. 

Purchas,  Rev.  Samuel.  Son  of 
George  Purchas,  of  the  parish  of 
Thaxted  in  Essex  ;  1  'orn  about  1574  ; 
educated  at  St.  John's  College,  Cam- 
bridge. His  license  to  marry,  re- 
corded in  the  Bishop  of  London's 
office,  was  issued  December  2,  1601, 
and  is  as  follows  :  "  Samuel  Purcas, 
clerk,  curate  of  Purleigh  Essex,  bach- 
elor, 27,  and  Jane  Lease,  of  same, 
maiden,  26,  daughter  of  Vincent  Lease, 
of  Westhall,  Co.  Suffolk,  yeoman, 
her  parents  both  consent,  as  attested 
by  her  brother,  Thomas  Lease,  Mr.  D. 
Freake,  parson  of  Purleigh,  whose 
household  servants  the  said  Samuel 
Purchas  and  Jane  Lease  now  are,  ar.d 
the  said  Jane  hath  lived  with  said  D. 
Freake  these  three  years,  desires  li- 
cence—  at  Purleigh  aforesaid."  (Pur- 
leigh is  of  peculiar  interest  to  Amer- 
icans. The  Rev.  Lawrence  Washing- 
ton was  rector  there,  1633-43.  See  Sir 
Warham  St.  Leger.)  Rev.  Samuel 
Purchas  was  vicar  of  Eastwood  in  Es- 
sex, 1604-13.  His  "  Pilgrimage,"  en- 
tered for  publication  at  Stationers' 
Hall,  August  7,  1012,  issued  from  the 


press  soon  after  November  5,  1612. 
TLe  second  edition  appeared  in  1614,  in 
which  year  he  was  collated  to  the  rec- 
tory of  St.  Martin's,  Lndgate,  London 
(where  he  continued  to  his  death),  and 
appointed  chaplain  to  George  Abbot, 
Archbishop  of  Canterbury. 

The  Rev.  Ricliard  Hakluyt  died  in 
November.  1616,  and  many  of  his 
papers  coming  into  the  hands  of  Pur- 
chas, he  used  them  in  compiling  a  third 
edition  of  his  "Pilgrimage,"  "much 
enlarged  with  Additions  through  the 
whole  worke,"  which  was  published 
in  1617.  "  Purchas  his  Pilgrim-Mic- 
rocosmus,  or  the  Historic  of  Man  " 
was  published  in  1619.  On  the  11th 
of  December,  1621,  "  Purchas  his  Pil- 
grimes "  was  entered  at  Stationers' 
Hall  for  publication.  The  imprint  be- 
gun in  August,  16il.  The  work  is- 
sued from  the  press  in  1625.  May  22, 
1622,  Purchas  was  admitted  into  the 
Va.  Co.  of  London.  May  5,  1623, 
"  The  King's  Tower  and  Triumphant 
Arch  of  London,  written  by  Samuell 
Purchas,"  was  licensed  to  W.  Stansby. 

Purchas  died  in  16'_6,  aged  51  years. 
His  will  was  written  May  31,  1625, 
and  proved  October  21,  1626.  In  this 
instrument  he  mentions  his  "  father, 
George  Purchas,  of  pious  memory  ; " 
his  brother  William  and  his  sons  Dan- 
iel and  Samuel  ;  his  brother  George 
and  his  son  John ;  his  brother  Thomas 
and  his  son  Sauiixel;  his  brother-in-law, 
William  Perkins,  who  had  married 
his  sister  Marj-;  his  own  wife  Jane, 
his  own  son  Samuel,  and  his  own 
daughter  Martha.  (An  abstract  of 
his  will  is  given  in  the  "  New  England 
Hist,  and  Gen.  Register,"  Julv,  1884, 
pp.  319-20.)  It  is  said  that 'he  had 
also  a  brother  Daniel  and  a  sister,  who 
married  William  Predimore. 

There  is  a  difference  of  opinion  as  to 
the  qualification  of  Purchas  as  an  ed- 
itor of  historical  matter.  Chambers 
says,  "  He  is  excessive  full  of  his  own 
notions,  and  of  mean  quibbling  and 
playing  upon  words.  .  .  .  Among  his 
peculiarities  is  that  of  interlarding 
theological  reflections  and  discussions 
with  his  narratives."  To  me  it  seems 
that  the  bent  of  his  mind  is  shown 
in  his  "  Pilgrimage."  When  he  edited 
his  "  Pilgrimes,"  his  hobby  continued 
to  be  the  traveler's  tales  of  the  reli- 
gions, customs,  and  privities  of  foreign 


PURCHAS  —  RAINSFORD 


975 


countries.  Many  of  the  narratives 
from  which  he  compiled  still  remain, 
and  it  seems  evident  that  he  constantly 
omitted  important,  practical  matter, 
while  retaining  the  most  wonderful, 
and  sometimes  fabulous,  accounts  of 
people,  their  religions,  and  privities. 
He  was  probably  not  well  informed  as 
to  Virginia,  as  it  was  against  the  inter- 
est of  the  enterprise  that  he  should  be. 
He  evidently  had  no  access  to  the  early 
records  of  the  company.  He  did  not 
even  know  the  dates  of  the  arrival  of 
the  Spaniards  in  Virginia  (1611),  and 
of  Argall's  voyage  to  New  England 
(1613)  ;  events  which  agitated  the 
courts  of  half  of  Europe  at  the  time. 
Until  Hakluyt's  death,  ha  was  obliged 
to  rely  on  Smitli  ;  then  Hakluyt's  pa- 
pers furnished  some  other  matei'ial 
down  to  161G  ;  but,  unfortunately,  be- 
fore receiving  these  papers,  Purchas 
had  "  covered  the  ground  "  witii  Smith's 
story,  and  he  did  not  hesitate  to  muti- 
late and  to  sacrifice  Hakluyt's  valuable 
papers  to  his  own  previously  expressed 
opinions,  as  influenced  by  the  said  story. 
After  1616,  he  had  again  to  rely  on 
Smith's  and  other  publications,  as  the 
Virginia  records  were  not  accessible  to 
liiin.  He  acknowledged  that  Captain 
Smith  was  "  no  reputed  favourite  or  fa- 
vourer of  the  Virginia  Company  and 
their  actions."  He  joined  Smith  in  ridi- 
culing the  cultivation  of  tobacco  as  a 
staple,  and  grew  eloquent  in  describing 
"  how  rich  might  Virginia  become  if  the 
colonists  would  only  turn  their  atten- 
tion to  ginger  and  hides." 

I  believe  Purchas  was  at  heart  a  real 
friend  to  the  Virginian  enterprise  ; 
but  I  am  sure  that  his  works  display 
more  learning  than  accurate  informa- 
tion or  practical  knowledge  in  the 
premises  ;  and  I  feel  certain  that  the 
managers  of  the  enterprise  understood 
their  business  much  better  than  their 
critics  did. 

"  Mr.  D.  Freake,  parson  of  Pur- 
leigh,  whose  household  servant  "  Pur- 
chas was  in  1601,  I  take  to  be  Mr. 
Dr.  Freake,  or  Rev.  Mr.  Freake,  D.  D., 
the  son,  I  suppose,  of  Edmund  Freake, 
Bishop  of  Worcester  ;  probably  his 
eldest  son,  John,  archdeacon  of  Nor- 
wich and  rector  of  Purleigh,  who  died 
in  1601,  the  year  that  Purchas  removed 
to  F>astwo()d  in  Essex,  as  vicar  there. 

Purefoy,  Nicholas.    Sub. ;pd. 


£12  10s.  This  name  is  given  in  the  Kim- 
bolton  MS.  as  "Sir  Nicli:   Pewrifie." 

Pyott  (Piggott,  etc.).  Richard, 
grocer,  3.  Sub.  £37  10s.  ;  pd.  £25. 
Of  E.  I.  Co.  ;  elected  alderman  of 
Bridge  Without  ward.  May  3,  1610, 
and  chosen  slieriff  of  London  the  same 
year.  He  died  January  19,  1620,  and 
was  buried  under  a  very  fair  monu- 
ment on  the  south  side  of  the  chancel 
in  the  parish  church  of  St.  Lawrence, 
Jewry,  London. 

Quarles,   John,    draper,  2.     Sub. 

;  pd. .     Son  of  John  Quarles, 

of  London,  gentleman  and  draper,  who 
married  three  wives,  and  was  the 
father  of  twenty-three  children.  He 
was  probably  of  the  same  family  as 
Francis  Quarles,  the  poet,  who  was  the 
father  of  eighteen  children. 

Quicke,  William,  grocer  and 
apothecary,  2.  Sub.  £37  10s.  ;  pd. 
£62  lOs.  Served  his  apprenticeship 
to  "  Andrew  Juxe  ; "  admitted  a  free- 
man, 1592;  mentioned  in  court  minutes, 
June  22,  1614,  as  "  a  Brother  of  this 
company  [Grocers']  practising  in  the 
Arte  of  misterie  of  Appothecaries,  who 
refused  to  take  up  the  Livery  of  the 
Grocers  to  which  he  had  been  nomi- 
nated." He  was  one  of  eleven  apoth- 
ecaries interrogated  by  the  court  as  to 
their  conduct  respecting  a  movement 
towards  founding  a  distinct  corpora^ 
tionof  their  own.  The  movement  was 
carried  to  a  successful  issue,  and  the 
Apothecaries  were  incorporated  as  a 
separate  company  ;  but  Quicke  did  not 
live  to  see  that  day.  He  died  in  Jan- 
uary, 1615,  leaving  his  adventures  in 
Virginia  and  the  Bermudas  to  his 
three  daughters.  (See  his  will  in 
"N.  E.  Hist.  Gen.  Register,"  1884, 
p.  60.) 

Quuiga.     See  Zuhiga. 

Rainsford,  Sir  Henry.  Pd.  £37 
10s.  Son  of  Hercules  Rainsford,  P>sq., 
of  Cliiford,  County  Gloucester,  by 
Elizabeth,  daughter  of  Robert  Parry  ; 
was  knighted  at  Whitehall,  Julv  23, 
1603 ;  M.  C.  for  Va.  Co.  ;  allowed 
a  bill  of  adventure  for  three  shares 
in  Virginia,  June  17,  1618 ;  bought 
three  shares  from  Sir  Thomas  Gates, 
May  31,  1620,  and  two  from  Francis 
Carter,  April  30,  1621.  He  married 
Anne,  daughter  of    Sir  Henry  Good- 


976 


RAINTON  —  RALEGH 


ere,  of  Polsworth,  County  Warwick  ; 
died  January  27,  1622,  leaving  issue. 

Rainton,  Nicholas,  haberdasher. 
Pd.  £25.  Son  of  Robert  Rainton,  of 
Highinton,  Lincolnshire  ;  elected  al- 
derman of  Tower  ward,  June  22,  and 
chosen  sheriff  of  London,  June  25, 
1621 ;  Lord  Mayor  of  London,  1632-33; 
knighted  at  Whitehall,  May  5,  1633  ; 
alderman  for  Aldgate  ward  in  1633, 
and  removed  to  Cornhill  ward,  April 
29,  1634.  President  of  St.  Bartholo- 
mew's Hospital,  1634  to  his  death  in 
1646  ;  imprisoned,  May  7  to  15,  1640. 
He  died  August  24,  1646,  and  was 
buried  in  the  parish  church  at  Enfield. 
His  portrait  was  at  Forty  Hall,  in  En- 
field, Middlesex.  His  granddaughter 
and  heir,  Mary  Rainton,  married  Sir 
John  Wolstenholme,  the  grandson  of 
Sir  John  Wolstenholme,  the  younger 
(who  died  in  1669),  of  the  Va.  Co. 

Sir  Nicholas  Rainton,  by  his  will, 
dated  May  2,  1646,  left  his  residence 
in  Lombard  Street,  and  adjoining  prop- 
erty to  the  Haberdashers'  Company  for 
certain  charitable  purposes,  payable 
annually,  namely  :  to  25  poor  of  the 
Company  26s.  each  =  £32  10s.  ;  Mas- 
ter and  Wardens,  20s.  each  =  £5  ; 
Clerk,  £1  ;  Beadle,  10s.  ;  Porter,  13s. 
To  St.  Bartholomew's  Hospital,  £12  ; 
the  City  of  Lincoln,  £10  ;  the  Parish 
of  Enfield,  £10;  the  Parishes  of  Wash- 
ingborongh  and  Heighington,  Lincoln- 
shire, £11  8s.;  of  St.  Edmund  the 
King,  London,  £2  ;  and  of  St.  Mary 
Woolchurch,  London,  £2.  The  sur- 
plus income  was  given  to  the  Haber- 
dashers' Company. 

Ralegh,  Sir  Carew,  3.     Sub.  £37 

10s.  ;    pd.  .      Elder    brother    of 

Sir  Walter  ;  seated  at  Downton  in 
Wilts  ;  M.  P.  for  Wilts,  1584-85  and 
1586-87  ;  for  Ludgershall,  1588-89  ; 
and  for  Fowey,  1601 ;  knighted  in 
1601  ;  M.  P.  for  Downton,  1604-11, 
1614,  and  1621-22.  He  married  Dor- 
othy, sister  of  Thomas  Wroughton,  and 
relict  of  Sir  John  Thynne  of  Longleat, 
and  was  living  in  1623.  (His  wife's 
.son.  Sir  Henry  Thynne,  first  planned  a 
voyage  to  Guiana,  then,  in  April,  1612, 
a  voyage  to  Persia,  and  in  1614,  to  the 
E.  I.  ;  and  the  E.  I.  Co.  was  charged 
with  hindering  his  voyages  in  Decem- 
ber, 1614). 

Ralegh,  Sir  Walter.  Born  at 
Hayes  Barton,  in  Devon,  in  1552  ;  en- 


tered Oriel  College,  at  Oxford,  about 
1568  ;  served  with  the  Huguenots  in 
France,  1569-75;  under  Sir  John  Nor- 
ris  in  the  Low  Countries,  1576-78  ; 
interested  with  his  half-brother.  Sir 
Humphrey  Gilbert,  in  his  American 
schemes,  1578;  sailed  with  Gilbert  for 
America  in  the  fall  of  1578,  in  com- 
mand of  the  Falcon  ;  Gilbert  was 
forced  to  return,  but  Ralegh  deter- 
mined to  make  a  raid  on  Spanish  ves- 
sels, had  a  dangerous  sea-fight  near  the 
Cape  Verde  Islands,  and  returned  to 
Plymouth,  May  28, 1579  ;  was  recruit- 
ing soldiers  for  Ireland  in  July,  1580  ; 
landed  at  Dingle,  Ireland,  in  October, 
1580  ;  took  part  in  suppressing  the 
insurrection  in  Ireland,  and  received  a 
grant  of  12,000  acres  of  Desmond  s 
lands,  in  Cork  and  Waterf ord ;  in  favor 
with  Queen  Elizabeth,  April,  1582  ; 
furnished  a  ship,  the  Ralegh,  for  Gil- 
bert's voyage  to  America  in  1583;  in- 
terested in  Adrian  Gilbert's  patent  of 
the  North  West  Passage,  February  6, 
1584  ;  his  own  letters  patent  for  plant- 
ing of  the  New  Lands  in  America, 
March  25, 1584;  aided  in  sending  Am- 
adas  and  Barlow  to  America,  April  27, 

1584  ;  Hakluyt  wrote  for  him  "  A  par- 
ticular discourse  concerning  the  great 
necessitie  and  manifold  Comodyties 
that  are  like  to  grow  to  this  Realme 
of  England  by  the  Westerne  discov- 
eries," etc.  ;  M.  P.  for  Devon,  Novem- 
ber 23,  1584,  to  September  14,  1585  ; 
the  House  of  Commons  took  action 
on  his  patent,  December  14-18,  and 
the  House  of  Lords,  December  19, 
1584 ;  knighted  at  Greenwich,  January 
6,  1585  ;  Greenville's  voyage,  taking 
the   first  colony  to  Roanoke,  April  9, 

1585  ;  warden  of  the  Stannaries,  July, 
1585  ;  ventured  vessels  in  the  voyages 
of  the  Earl  of  Cumberland  ;  M.  P. 
Devon,  October  15,  1586,  to  March  23, 
1587  ;  letter  from  Hakluyt  at  Paris, 
December  30,  1586,  telling  him  that 
he  had  dedicated  his  "  Peter  Martyr  " 
to  him  (Ralegh),  and  advising  him  to 
make  his  plantation  in  Chesapeake 
Bay.  His  colony  had  returned  from 
Roanoke  with  Drake,  in  July,  1586, 
his  indenture  to  White  and  others, 
January  7, 1587.  In  this  year  he  re- 
ceived a  grant  of  Babington's  forfeited 
estates,  JVIarch  17  ;  White's  voyage 
sailed  for  Roanoke,  May  8  ;  Hakluyt's 
translation  of  the  "  Narratives  of  the 


RALEGH  —  RATCLIFFE 


977 


Huguenots  in  Florida "  dedicated  to 
him,  May  1  ;  lie  published  "  The  voy- 
age which  Antonio  de  Espeio  made 
iu  the  yeere  lo83,  of  the  dyscoverye 
of  Newe  Mexico,"  in  May  (probably 
the  first  hook  published  by  RaU'gh)  ; 
was  captain  of  the  queen's  guard  and 
member  of  the  council  of  war.  In 
1588  he  served  against  the  Armada, 
and  Hariot  dedicated  his  "  Briefe  and 
true  rej)ort  of  tiie  new  found  laud  of 
Virginia"  to  him.  In  1589  he  trans- 
ferred his  American  grants  to  Thomas 
Smith  and  others,  reserving  to  himself 
the  fifth  part  of  all  the  ore  of  gold  and 
silver  only,  March  7  ;  his  vessels  were 
constantly  found  on  the  Atlantic  in 
search  of  Spanish  prizes  ;  he  served  iu 
the  Portugal  expedition  under  Drake, 
and  visited  Spenser  at  Kilcolman 
Castle.  Returned  to  court  ;  wrote  the 
report  of  Sir  Richard  Grenville's  sea- 
fight  in  1591  ;  was  a  partner  in  Sir 
John  Watts'  voyage  to  America,  March 
to  October,  1591  ;  planned  a  voyage 
against  Panama,  1592  ;  married  Eliza- 
beth Throgmorton,  and  was  imprisoned 
in  the  Tower,  1592  ;  M.  P.  for  St. 
Michael's,    February   19  to   April   10, 

1593  ;    Whiddon's  voyage  to  Guiana, 

1594  ;  his  own  voyage  to  Guiana,  Feb- 
ruary to  August,  1595  ;  at  the  taking 
of  Cadiz,  June,  1596  ;  jjublished  an  ac- 
count of  his  vo\'age  of  1595  to  Guiana, 
in  1590,  and  sent  a  voyage  there  under 
Keymis.  January  to  June,  1596  ;  and 
another  under  Berry  (or  Birnie)  De- 
cember 27,  1596,  to  June  28,  1597.    In 

1597  he  reappeared  at  court  in  May, 
and  sailed  on  the  celebrated  voyage  to 
the  Azores  in  August;  M.  P.  for  Dorset, 
October  24,  1597,  to  February  9, 1598; 
planning  another  expedition  to  Guiana, 
under  Sir  John  Gilbert,  in  November, 

1598  ;  governor  and  captain  of  Jersey, 
etc.,  August  26,  1600  ;  M.  P.  Cornwall, 
October  27  to  December  19,  1601  ; 
Mace's  voyage  and  Ralegh's  letter  to 
Cecil  in  regard  to  Gilbert's  voyage, 
1602  ;  his  permission  for  Priug's  voy- 
age of  1603  ;  met  King  James  on  his 
way  to  London  ;  committed  to  the 
Tower  on  charge  of  implication  in  the 
Main  conspiracy  ;  was  tried  and  con- 
victed November  17,  1603  ;  Sir  John 
Popham  presided  at  his  trial.  He  re- 
mained in  the  Tower  until  January 
30,  1616.  Count  Searnafissi  proposed 
to  Ralegh  to  divert  his  expedition  from 


Guiana,  and  to  join  the  forces  of  the 
Great  Duke  of  Savoy  in  making  an  at- 
tack on  Genoa.  Ralegh  was  anxious  to 
enter  this  service,  thereby  causing  a  de- 
lay iu  the  preparations  for  the  Ameri- 
can voyage;  but  in  January,  1617,  Eng- 
land refused  to  aid  the  duke  in  his  war 
with  Sjjain,  and  on  JNlarch  28  follow- 
ing llalegh  sailed  for  (iuiana,  where  he 
made  an  attack  on  the  Spaniards.  He 
returned  to  P^ngland  (sailing  past  our 
whole  coast,  t'/a  Newfoundland),  arriv- 
ing there  in  June,  1018  ;  was  arrested 
soon  after  ;  beheaded  October  29,  and 
buried  in  St.  Margaret's,  Westminster. 
His  only  surviving  son,  Carew  Ralegh, 
was  admitted  into  the  Va.  Co.  of  Lon- 
don, April  2,  1623. 

The  story  of  the  second  Roanoke 
colony  is  the  tragedy  of  American  col- 
onization. 

Ramirez,  Captain  Diego.  The 
islands  near  Cape  Horn  were  named 
for  him. 

Ramsden,   Millicent,    widow,   2. 

Sub. ;    pd.    £37    10s.      On    the 

24th  of  June,  1019,  she  transferred 
her  three  shares  of  land  in  Virginia 
to  Oliver  St.  John.  She  was  the 
widow  of  Samuel  Ramsden,  of  St. 
Sepulchre,  London,  brewer,  whom  she 
married  in  1004.  He  was  her  second 
husband.  Her  first  husband  was  John 
Worslcy,  brewer. 

Ratcliffe,  Sir  John,  2.     Sub. ; 

pd.  £50.  Son  of  Sir  John  Radcliffe, 
of  Ordsall,  County  Lancaster  ;  was 
baptized  February  24,  1581  ;  knighted 
in  Ireland  on  "  the  Sands,"  Septem- 
ber 24,  1599  ;  heir  to  his  elder  broth- 
er. Sir  Alexander  Radclyffe,  slain  in 
Ireland  in  1599  ;  M.  P.  for  Tewkes- 
bury, 1014,  Lancashire,  1021-22, 1024- 
25,  and  16j5,  and  for  Tavistock,  1626. 
He  married  Alice,  eldest  daughter  of 
Sir  John  Byron  of  Newstead,  and  was 
slain  in  the  Isle  of  Re,  October  29, 
1627.  His  father  had  five  sons,  all 
slain  in  battle  :  Alexander  and  Wil- 
lianr  in  Ireland,  and  Edmond  and 
Thomas  in  Flanders,  all  about  1599  ; 
IMargaret,  their  sister  and  favorite 
maid  of  honor  to  Queen  Elizabeth, 
died  of  grief  for  the  loss  of  these 
four  brothers,  and  the  fifth  brother. 
Sir  John,  as  we  have  seen,  fell  at  Rd 
in  1627. 

Ratcliffe,  Captain  John,  2.  Sub. 
;  pd.  £50.     I  believe  him  to   be 


978 


RATCLIFFE  —  RICH 


the  Captain  RatcHffe  who  was  taken 
prisoner  Avith  Sir  Henry  Gary  and 
Captain  Pigott  at  Mulbeim  in  the  Low 
Countries  in  October,  1605. 

There  is  some  confusion  about  his 
name,  and  hence  it  is  hard  to  locate 
him  ;  but  Smith's  alhision  to  him  as 
"  a  poor  counterfeited  imposture  "  was 
an  unpardonable  reflection  on  a  dead 
man.  There  was  no  imposture.  He 
signed  his  name  "  John  Radclyffe 
comeuly  called,"  and  in  the  list  of  in- 
corporators of  the  Va.  Co.  of  London 
his  name  is  recorded  as  "  Captain  John 
Sicklemore  alias  Ratcliffe." 

In  these  biographies  I  have  gen- 
erally avoided  going  into  the  details 
of  the  history  of  the  colony  in  Vir- 
ginia ,  but  I  believe  Ratcliffe  served 
his  full  term  of  one  year  in  the  presi- 
dency from  September  10,  1607,  to 
September  10,  1608.  Under  the  laws 
then  ruling  he  could  legally  serve  no 
longer  in  that  jjlace,  and  was  suc- 
ceeded by  Capt.  John  Smith,  "as  by 
course  it  did  belong,"  the  only  other 
councilor,  Captain  Scrivener,  having 
but  recently  arrived  in  Virginia.  Rat- 
cliffe went  to  England  in  January,  and 
returned  to  Virginia  in  June,  1609, 
where  he  was  "  betrayed  and  mur- 
thered  "  by  Powhatan  in  the  winter  of 
1609-10. 

It  has  been  unjustly  and  erroneously 
stated  that  Raphe  Hamor  wrote  his 
epitaph  in  a  few  pithy  words  :  "  He 
was  not  worth  remembering  but  to  his 
dishonor."  These  words  of  Hamor 
were  applied  to  Powhatan's  treachery 
in  betraying  Ratclift'e,  not  to  Ratcliffe. 

(The  amount  of  his  payment  (£50) 
is  not  given  in  the  printed  account  of 
1620.  He  was  then  long  since  dead  ; 
but  it  is  given  in  the  Kimbolton  MS.) 
"  George  Warburton,  gent.,  of  St. 
Dunstan-in-the-West,  on  February  19, 
161|,  was  licensed  to  marry  Dorothy 
Ratcliffe  of  All  Hallows  Stayning,  33, 
widow  of  John  Ratcliffe,  late  of  St. 
Andrew,  Halborn,  deceased  two  years 
ago"  [1609-10].  Was  this  our 
captain  ? 


Ravenscrofte,   William,   esquire, 


3.     Sub.   £37   10s.  ;    pd.   .      Of 

Bretton,  County  Flint  ;  M.  P.  for 
Flintshire,  1586-87,  1597-98,  1601; 
Old  Sarum,  1604-11  and  1614  ;  and 
for  Hint  Town,  1621-22,  1624-25, 
1625,  1626,  and  1628-29. 

Ravis,  Thomas,  Lord  Bishop  of 
Loudon.  Born  at  Maulden  in  Surrey; 
educated  in  Christ  Church,  Oxford, 
whereof  he  was  dean  ;  twice  vice- 
chancellor  of  Oxford  University ;  Bish- 
op of  Gloucester  ;  Bishop  of  London 
in  1607,  where  he  died  December  14, 
1609. 

Reynolds,  Henry,  esquire,  2. 
Sub.  £37  10s.  ;  pd.  £87  10s.  No- 
vember 6,  1622,  transferred  two  shares 
in  Virginia  to  William  Vesy. 

Reynolds  (or  Reynell),  Hum- 
phrey.    Pd.  £12  10s. 

Reighnolds,  John,  3.  Sub.  £37 
10s.;  pd.  £12  10s.  (Master  gunner  to 
Henry,  Prince  of  Wales  ?) 

Reynolds  (etc.),  Richard,  2.  Sub. 
;  pd.  £50. 

Reynell,  William,  merchant-tailor. 
Pd.  10s.  (This  name  is  particularly 
hard  to  locate.  I  find  it  spelled  Reigli- 
nolds,  Reynolds,  Reynells,  Reynell, 
Renell,  and  Revell ;  then  Raighnolds, 
Raynolds,  etc.). 

Ribault,  Captain  Jean.  INIas- 
sacred  by  Menendez,  in  Florida,  Sep- 
tember 23,  1565. 

Rich  Pedigree.  (Extract.)  Rich- 
ard 1  Rich  of  the  Middle  Temple 
attorney  at  law,  the  witness  against 
Sir  Thomas  More,  was  created  Baron 
Rich,  February  16,  and  lord  chancel- 
lor of  England,  October  23,  1547,  and 
died  in  1568,  leaving,  with  others,  a  son 
and  successor,  Robert,-  second  Baron 
Rich,  wlio  was  the  father  of  several 
legitimate  sous,  viz.:  of  Richard^ 
(who  married  Katherine,  daughter  of 
Sir  Henry  Knevitt,  and  died  s.p.,v.p.^, 
of  (1)  Robert,^  his  successor  (of  whom 
hereafter),  and  of  others.  The  sec- 
ond baron  was  also  the  father  of  an 
illegitimate  son,  Richard  ^  Rich,  who 
married  a  daughter  of  John  Machell, 
sheriff  of  London,  and  was  the  father 
of  (2)  Sir  Nathaniel  *  (hereafter),  of 
(3)  Robert  *  (hereafter),  of  Margery  * 
who  married  Sir  Thomas  Wroth,  of 
Jane  *  who  married  Thomas  Grims- 
ditch,  a  nephew  to  Secretary  Sir  John 
Coke,  of  another  daughter  *  who  mar- 
ried a  Mr.  Browne,  and  another  *  mar- 


RICH 


971) 


lied  to  a  Mr.  Morgan.  (1)  Robert,^ 
third  Barou  Rich,  successor  to  his 
father,  was  created  P^arl  of  Warwick, 
August  G,  1G18.  He  married,  first, 
Penelope  Devereux,  sister  to  the  Earl 
of  Essex  (Sir  Philip  Sidney's  "  Stella  ") 
and  had  issue  by  her  :  (4)  i.  Robert  ^  ; 
(5)  ii.  Henry*  ;  iii.  Charles*  ;  i.  Let- 
tice  *  (or  Lucy)  married,  first.  Sir 
George  Cary,  and,  secondly,  Sir  Arthur 
Lake  ;  ii.  Penelope''  married  Sir  Ger- 
vase  Clifton,  Baronet  of  Clifton  ;  iii. 
Essex*  married  Sir  Thomas  Choeke 
of  Pirgo  ;  and  iv.  Isabel  *  married  Sir 
John,  son  of  Sir  Thomas  Smythe.  The 
third  Baron  Rich  married,  secondly, 
in  IGIG,  Frances,  daughter  of  Sir 
Christopher  Wray,  and  widow  of  Sir 
George  Saint  Paule  (  she  was  the 
patroness  of  the  Rev.  Richard  Bern- 
ard), but  by  her  had  no  issue. 

Rich,  Sir  Henry,  3.     Sub.  ; 

pd. .  (See  pedigree,  5.)  The  sec- 
ond son  of  the  third  Lord  Rich  ;  was 
baptized  at  Stratford-Bow,  August  19, 
1590  ;  licensed  to  travel  for  three 
years,  November  13,  1G07  ;  made  a 
Kniglit  of  the  Bath  at  the  creation  of 
Henry,  Prince  of  Wales,  June  4,  IGIO. 
He  married,  in  1G12,  Isabella,  daugh- 
ter of  Sir  AValter  Cope  ;  M.  P.  Leices- 
ter, 1614 ;  captain  of  the  king's  guard 
in  Xovember,  1G17.  On  the  2Gth  of 
September,  1G22,  his  lady  and  himself 
transferred  their  two  shares  in  the 
Bermudas  Islands  to  Henry  Percy  and 
Marie,  his  wife  (the  same  being  the 
earliest  deed  of  sale  recorded  in  that 
island),  and  on  November  6  they 
transferred  four  shares  of  their  lands 
in  Virginia  to  the  same  Henry  Percy  ; 
created  Baron  Kensington,  March  8, 
1G23  ;  employed  with  the  Earl  of 
Carlisle  in  negotiating  the  match  be- 
tween Prince  Charles  of  England  and 
Henrietta  Maria  of  France,  February 
to  September,  1G24  ;  cieated  Earl  of 
Holland,  September  24,  1G24  ;  chosen 
Knight  of  the  Garter,  1G25  ;  governor 
of  the  Providence  Islands  or  Bahamas 
Company  from  1G30  to  1639  and  prob- 
ably after  ;  challenged  Lord  Weston, 
1633.  Lord  Baltimore's  deserted 
Newfoundland  plantation  was  re- 
granted  to  him  and  others,  November 
13,  1637.  In  1638  Will  Claybourne 
of  Virginia  discovered  an  island  with- 
in the  limits  of  the  Providence  Islands' 
patent^  which  Claybourne  proposed  to 


call  Rich  Island  in  honor  of  the  Earl 
of  Holland  ;  opposed  Stafford,  1640  ; 
member  of  committee  sent  to  Scot- 
land to  watch  proceedings  of  Chai'les 
I.  in  the  fall  of  1640.  He  became 
wavering  in  his  politics;  was  appointed 
captain-general  of  the  army  in  the 
north,  April  16,  1641  ;  attempted  to 
manage  the  intercourse  between  the 
king  and  Parliament,  1642  ;  deprived 
of  his  office  of  groom  of  the  stole  ; 
again  joined  the  Parliament,  1642  ; 
attempted  to  regain  favor  of  the  king  ; 
fought  on  his  side  at  Newbury  ;  pnb- 
lislied  "  A  Declaration  made  to  the 
Kingdome,"  1643  ;  afterwards  in  the 
Parliament  interest.  In  July,  1648, 
appearetl  in  arms  for  the  king  ;  was 
taken  prisoner  by  the  Roundheads  at 
Neots,  July  10,  and  beheaded  March 
9,  1649.  He  appeared  on  the  scaffold, 
dressed  in  white  satin  trimmed  with 
sdver,  which  made  Bishop  Warbnrton 
say  that  he  "  lived  like  a  knave  and 
died  like  a  fool."  He  lived  in  the 
celebrated  Holland  House  at  Kensing- 
ton, one  apartment  in  which  is  now 
said  to  be  tenanted  by  the  solitary 
ghost  of  its  first  lord,  who  issues  forth 
at  midnight  from  behind  a  secret  door, 
and  walks  slowly  through  the  scenes 
of  former  triumphs  with  his  head  in 
his  hand.  His  character  has  been  dif- 
ferently  drawn. 

Rich,  Sir  Nathaniel.     Sub. ; 

pd.  £37  lOs.  (See  pedigree,  2.)  Eld- 
est son  of  Richard,  illegitimate  son 
of  Robert,  second  Lord  Rich ;  M.  P. 
for  Totness  in  1614  ;  interested  in 
the  Bermudas  in  1616  ;  knighted  at 
Hatton  House,  November  8,  1617. 
March  4,  1619,  Mr.  Joseph  Man  as- 
signed to  him  three  shares  in  Virginia, 
and  he  was  soon  after  added  to  the 
King's  Council  for  the  Va.  Co. ;  was 
on  the  council  for  New  England,  No- 
vember 3,  1620  ;  M.  P.  for  Retford, 
1621-22  ;  sent  to  Ireland  on  the  fa- 
mous commission  of  March,  1622.  He 
was  a  leading  member  of  tlie  War- 
wick party  in  the  factions  of  the  Va. 
Co.  of  1622-24,  and  many  drafts  of 
papers,  petitions,  charges,  and  replies, 
drawn  by  himself  in  those  disputes, 
are  still  preserved  among  tlie  Kim- 
bolton  MS.,  Duke  of  Manchester  re- 
cords. (I  have  copies  of  them.)  M. 
P.  for  Harwich,  1624-25  ;  on  the  Vir- 
ginia Commission  of  July  15,  1624  ; 


980 


RICH 


M.  P.  for  Newport  (I.  W.),  1625  ; 
and  for  Harwich,  1626  and  1628-29  ; 
aided  in  fitting  out  a  voyage  for  the 
discovery  of  the  Bahamas  in  16i;9  ; 
member  of  the  Bahamas  Company  in 
1630  ;  deputy  governor  of  that  com- 
pany in  1635.  He  died  in  1636.  Mr. 
Stith  inaccurately  calls  him  the  broth- 
er of  the  second  Earl  of  Warwick. 
(See  Governor  Winthrop's  letter  to 
him  in  "  Proc.  Mass.  Hist.  Soc,"  1st 
series,  xx.  pp.  42-45.  See  also  Rich's 
letter  in  "  N.  E.  Hist.  Gen.  Register," 
January,  1883,  p.  60.) 


Rich,  Robert,  2.     Sub. ;  pd. 

£12  10s.  (See  pedigree,  3.)  Brother 
of  Sir  Nathaniel  ;  wrecked  on  the 
Bermudas,  1609 ;  came  to  Virginia, 
1610,  and  returned  to  England.  He 
bought  ten  shares  in  the  Bermudas  of 
Mr.  Raph  Hamor  in  Southampton 
Tribe,  and  afterwards  sold  three  of 
them  :  one  to  Sir  Thomas  Wroth,  one 
to  Sir  Thomas  Cheeke,  and  one  to  Mr. 
Cough.  He  was  living  in  the  Ber- 
mudas in  1617,  and  died  there  in  1620. 


"^^^^craj^ 


Rich,  Sir  Robert,  3.     Sub. ; 

pd.  £75.  (See  pedigree,  4.)  Eldest 
son  of  Robert,  third  Lord  Rich  ;  born 
in  May  or  June,  1587;  made  a  Knight 
of  the  Bath  at  the  coronation  of 
King  James,  July  25,  1603  ;  married 
Frances,  daughter  of  Sir  William 
Newport  alias  Hatton  on  February 
12,  1605  ;  licensed  to  travel  for  three 
years,  January  9,  1610  ;  M.  P.  Essex, 
1614 ;  member  Bermudas  Company, 
1615.  In  1616  the  Count  Scarnafissi 
was  sent  to  England  as  an  ambassador 
from  Charles  Emmanuel  I.,  surnamed 
"The  (xreat  Duke  of  Savoy,"  to  nego- 
tiate for  I'nglish  aid  against  Spain  in 
the  war  then  waging  between  Savoy 
and  that  country.  Scarnafissi  granted 
sundry  commissions  for  ships,  under  the 
protection  of  which  they  proposed  to 


make  prizes  of  Spanish  vessels.  Sir 
Robert  Rich  and  others,  late  in  1616, 
sent  two  ships  with  these  commissions 
to  rove  in  tlie  East  Indies,  where  they 
became  involved  with  the  English  East 
India  fleet,  thereby  causing  a  bitter 
controversy  between  Rich  and  that 
com[iany.  In  April,  1618,  before  the 
news  from  his  East  India  venture  had 
reached  England,  Sir  Robert  Rich  and 
others  sent  the  Treasurer  (Capt.  Daniel 
Elfrith)  to  Virginia  with  one  of  these 
commissions  "  from  the  Duke  of  Savoy 
to  take  Spaniards  as  lawfull  prize." 
Himself  and  associates  had  applied 
for  a  charter  for  the  sole  trade  in 
Guinea  and  Binney  prior  to  October, 
1618,  w^hen  the  news  of  the  trouble 
incident  to  this  E!ast  Indian  venture 
reached  England,  and  stayed  the  pro- 
gress of  this  charter  for  a  time,  but  it 
was  finally  granted  November  16, 
1618,  to  Robert  Lord  Rich,  Sir  Robert 
Mansell,  Sir  Ferdinando  Gorges,  Sir 
Warwick  Heale,  Sir  Allen  Appesley, 
Sir  Richard  Hawkins,  Sir  Henry  Nev- 
ill,  Sir  William  St.  John,  Sir  Thomas 
Tracy,  Sir  Richard  Bingley,  Sir  Giles 
Mompesson,  Sir  Thomas  Button,  Sir 
John  Bingley,  Oliver  St.  John,  and 
twenty-two  others. 

His  father  had  been  created  Earl  of 
Warwick,  August  6,  1618,  at  which 
time  he  became  fourth  Lord  Rich. 
His  father  died  in  April,  1619,  when 
he  succeeded  as  the  second  Earl  of 
Warwick.  (Stith  confuses  the  second 
with  the  first  earl.)  In  the  fall  of 
1618,  the  Treasurer  went  from  Vii*- 
ginia  to  rove  in  the  West  Indies  under 
the  Savoy  commission,  where  she  took 
certain  negroes  from  the  Spaniards, 
a  part  of  tliem,  in  consortship  with  a 
man-of-war  of  Flushing,  she  brought 
to  Virginia  ;  the  rest  she  carried  to 
the  Earl  of  Warwick's  plantation  in 
the  Bermudas.  He  was  added  to  the 
King's  Council  for  the  Va.  Co.  in  1619. 

His  controversy  with  the  E.  I.  Co. 
and  the  bad  feeling  created  by  the 
marriage  of  his  sister  to  Sir  Thomas 
Smythe's  son,  were  influential  in  caus- 
ing him  to  aid  the  Sandys  party  in 
gaining  control  of  the  Va.  Co.  ;  this 
combination  afterwards  split  up  among 
themselves,  the  Earl  of  Southampton 
leading  one  party  and  the  Earl  of 
Warwick  the  other.  He  was  inter- 
ested in  the  plantation  of  Lord  North 


HORACE  VERE 
First  Baron    Vere 


RICH 


981 


and  others  in  Guiana  in  1619-20  ; 
member  of  New  England  Council, 
November  3,  1620  ;  signed  the  first 
Plymouth  patent,  June  1.  1621  ;  active 
in  the  factions  in  the  Va.  Co.,  1622- 
24. 

The  African  Company  had  made 
voyages  to  Guinea  and  the  river  (iam- 
bia  in  1618,  1619,  and  1620,  and  after. 
Sir  Edwin  Sandys  fought  against  W'ar- 
wick  in  this  matter,  also,  and  on  May 
24,  1624,  Nethersole  wrote  to  Carleton 
that  "  this  African  Company  was  con- 
demned as  a  grievance." 

He  was  on  the  council  in  England 
for  Virginia  after  the  dissolution  of 
the  Va.  Co.  of  London  in  1624,  and 
was  governor  of  the  Bermudas  Com- 
pany most  of  the  time  between  1627 
and  1654.  In  1629  he  was  one  of 
the  chief  undertakers  in  the  first  voy- 
age of  discovery  to  the  Bahamas  ; 
signed  the  patent  for  the  Old  Colony 
of  Plymouth,  January  13,  and  the 
Lincoln  Grant,  March  13,  1630,  at 
which  time  he  was  president  of  the 
New  England  Council,  and  so  contin- 
ued until  1632.  He  was  an  incorpora- 
tor of  the  Bahamas  Companv,  Decem- 
ber 4,  1630.  In  1630  the  Plymouth 
Council  granted  him  the  land  extend- 
ing from  Narragansett  River  for  the 
space  of  forty  leagues  towards  the 
southwest  (120  miles  — to  40'"  N.  L.  ?) 
and  within  that  breadth  from  the  At- 
lantic to  the  South  Sea,  and  March  19, 
1632,  he  made  over  this  grant  to  his 
son,  Robert  Rich,  the  Hon.  Charles 
Fiennes,  Sir  Nathaniel  Rich,  Sir  Rich- 
ard Saltonstall,  Richard  Knightley, 
Esq.,  John  Pynim,  Esq.,  John  Hamp- 
den, Esq.,  John  Humphreys,  Esq.,  and 
Herbert  Pelhem,  Esq.,  their  heirs  and 
assigns,  etc.,  only  reserving  to  himself 
a  fifth  part  of  the  gold  and  silver  ore. 
He  retained  his  interest  in  tlie  Ber- 
mudas and  the  Bahamas,  and  contin- 
ued to  supply  his  plantations  with 
negroes. 

Warwick  River,  one  of  the  first 
shires  in  Virginia,  was  named  for  him 
in  1634.  "  The  World  Encomj)assed 
by  Sir  Francis  Drake  "  was  dedicated 
to  him  by  Sir  Francis  Drake  the 
Younger  in  1635  ;  proposed  to  go  to 
the  West  Indies  in  1636  ;  power 
granted  him  to  equip  ships  of  war  for 
service  in  the  West  Indies,  February 
7,  1638.     In   May,  1640,  tlie  Earl  of 


Warwick,  John  Pym,  John  Hampden, 
and  other  ParUament  men  had  all 
their  papers  taken  from  tliem.  July 
8,  1640,  the  Spanish  ambassador  com- 
plained of  breaches  of  tiie  peace  by 
Warwick  and  others  in  the  West 
Indies  under  pretense  of  letters  of 
marque.  Lieutenant  of  tlie  Heet  un- 
der the  Earl  of  Northumberland,  1642. 

The  Lords  and  Commons  in  Parlia- 
ment assembled  made  him  governor 
in  chief  and  lord  liigli  admiral  of  all 
those  islands  and  plantations,  belong- 
ing to  any  of  his  majesty's  subjects, 
within  the  bounds  and  upon  the  coasts 
of  America,  November  2,  1643.  In 
tliis  year  Warwick  River,  Va.,  took  its 
present  name  of  Warwick  County. 

In  1643,  1644,  etc.,  himself  and  as- 
sociates made  sundry  grants  of  lands 
in  New  England  ;  liberty  of  con- 
science granted  in  the  Bermudas,  1645; 
deprived  of  his  office  of  lord  high 
admiral  in  April,  1645.  In  May,  1648, 
he  was  made  lord  high  admiral  by 
Parliament.  From  August  29  to  De- 
cember 25,  1648,  his  expedition  with 
the  Parliament's  navy  for  reducing 
the  revolted  ships,  commanded  by  his 
Highness  Charles,  Prince  of  AVales. 
His  commission  as  lord  high  admiral 
revoked  by  the  Parliament,  February 
21,  1649.  (They  beheaded  his  brother 
Henry,  March  9  following.) 

When  Crom»vell  disbanded  Parlia- 
ment, he  betook  liimself  to  the  pro- 
tection of  the  protector,  and  Lodge 
says,  "  left  his  estate  more  improved 
and  repaired  than  any  nnin  who  traf- 
ficked in  that  desperate  commodity  of 
rebellion."  In  1657  the  Rev.  Samuel 
Purchas  (the  son  of  the  autlior  of 
the  "Pilgrimes")  dedicated  to  him 
"A  Theatre  of  Politicall  Flying-In- 
sects," etc. 

Heath,  in  his  chronicle,  says.  "The 
old  Earl  of  Warwick  (presently  after 
the  espousals  of  his  grandson,  with 
Frances,  the  youngest  daughter  of  the 
Protector)  died  April  IS,  1658.  ' 

The  Earl  of  Warwick's  first  wife 
died  in  August,  1634  ;  he  married, 
secondly,  Susanna  (daughter  of  Sir 
Henry  Rowe  the  Elder,  and  sister  of 
Sir  Henry  Rowe  the  Younger,  of 
Siiakelwell  in  Middlesex),  relict  of 
Alderman  William  Halliday,  she  died 
January  21,  164.5,  and  the  earl  mar- 
ried, thirdly,  March  30,  1646,  Eleanor, 


982 


RICH 


Countess  of  Susses,  daughter  of  Sir 
Richard  Wortley,  and  relict  succes- 
sively of  Sir  Henry  Lee  and  of  the 
Earl  of  Sussex.  Her  grandchild,  by 
her  first  husband,  married  Anne, 
daughter  of  Sir  John  Danvers  the 
regicide.  After  the  death  of  War- 
wick his  widow  married,  fourthly, 
Edward  Montague,  second  Earl  of 
Manchester.  She  died,  and  was  buried 
at  Kimboltou  on  the  31st  of  January, 
166?. 


Mr.  Stith  says  (History,  p.  187)  that 
the  Warwick  faction  was  composed  of 
only  twenty-six  persons,  when  it   was 
strongest.     The  following  is  a  list  of 
"  the  Names  of  Adventurers  that  dis- 
like  ye  present  proceedings  of  busi- 
ness in  ye  Virginia  and  Souiers  Islands 
Companyes."    Compiled  in  April,  1623 
(Kimbolton  MS.  No.  327)  :  — 
"  The  Earle  of  Warwick. 
Sir  Nathaniel  Rich. 
Sir  Henry  Mildmay. 
Sir  Humphrey  Hansford. 
Sir  Samuel  Argall. 
Sir  Thomas  Wroth. 
Sir  Robert  Mansfield. 
Sir  Thomas  Smith. 
Sir  Thomas  Button. 
Sir  John  Culpeper. 
Sir  Thomas  Cheeke. 
Sir  Thomas  He  wit. 
Sir  Philip  Cai'v. 
Sir  Ferdinando  Gorge. 
Sir  Joiin  Worstenholme. 
Mr.  Alderman  Johnson. 
Mr.  Doctor  Medust. 
Mr.  Morris  Abot. 
Mr.  Robert  Bateman. 
Mr.  William  Gibs. 
Mr.  Nicholas  Leate. 
Mr.  Wiseman. 
Mr.  Harris  and  Mr.  Harris. 
Mr.  Goughe. 
Mr.  Binge. 
Mr.  Maye. 
Mr.  Covell. 
Mr.  Gore. 
Mr.  Wilkinson. 
Mr.  Barnard. 
Mr.  Moore. 


Mr.  Man  (or  Mun). 

Mr.  Lukin. 

Mr.  Abraham  Chamberlin. 

Mr.  West. 

Mr.  Paulston. 

Mr.  Roberts. 

Mr.  Mould  (or  Mole). 

Mr.  Penniston. 

Mr.  George  Tucker. 

Capt.  Daniel  Tucker. 

Mr.  Darrell. 

Mr.  Butler  and  his  brother. 

Mr.  Lewellin. 

Mr.  Bell. 

Mr.  Stiles. 

Mr.  William  Palmer. 

Mr.  Edwards. 

Mr.  Moorer. 

Mr.  Dike. 

Mr.  George  Smith,  grocer. 

Mr.  Robert  Smith,  uuderchamberlin. 

Mr.  Canninge. 

Mr.  Humphrey  Slany. 

Mr.  Thaier  [Thayer]. 

Mr.  Edward  Beunit. 

Mr.  Phesant. 

Mr.  Wrote. 

Mr.  Stewart. 

Mr.  John  Wrothe. 

Mr.  Palavicine. 

Mr.  Christopher  Barron. 

Mr.  Jouson. 

Mr.  Tieknor. 

Mr.  Edward  Palmer. 

Mr.  Baynham  (or  Barham  ?) 

Mr.  Willmore. 

Mr.  Jadwin. 

Mr.  Newell  (or  Nevcll). 

Mr.  Rogers,  junior. 

Mr.  John  Woodall. 

Mr.  Stephen  Sparrow. 

Mr.  Man,  junior  (or  Mun). 

Mr.  Roberts,  junior. 

Mr.  John  West. 

Mr.  Pearce. 

Mr.  Cason. 

Mr.  Robins. 

Mr.  Wale. 

Mr.  Hawes. 

Mr.  Townseud. 

Mr.  Essington. 

Mr.  Ditchfield." 

There  are  eighty-five  names  in  the 
list.  The  Christian  names  of  many 
are  not  given  ;  but  they  can  generally 
be  identified.  Some  of  them  joined 
the  company  after  the  time  of  which 
I  write  ;  but  enough  of  them  will  be 
found  in  these  biographies   to  enable 


RICH— ROBINSON 


983 


the  reader  to  form  a  just  idea  of  the 
Warwick  party. 

Mr.  Stith  says,  "  On  the  other  hand 
appeared  the  vvliole  body  of  Adven- 
turers, to  the  full  amount  of  a  thou- 
sand persons  in  all."  This  is  not  cor- 
rect ;  it  is  a  natural  consequence  of 
following  the  evidence  for  one  side 
only.  In  fact,  there  were  not  over 
three  hundred  men  then  taking  an 
active  part  in  the  affairs  of  the  com- 
pany, and  not  more  than  one  hundred 
of  these  were  old  members.  I  have 
given  this  statement  as  an  act  of  jus- 
tice to  the  Warwick  party  ;  but  I  can- 
not here  attempt  to  discuss  the  vari- 
ous reasons  which  caused  the  old 
members  to  cease  their  attendance  on 
the  Virginia  courts,  or  the  motives 
which  are  said  to  have  influenced  the 
Sandys  party  in  admitting  so  many 
new  members.  See  also  CCCLXIV., 
and  I  have  other  lists  of  the  same 
character  giving  many  additional 
names. 

Richmond,  Earl  and  Duke  of.  — 
Ludovic  Stuart. 

Ridge  way  (Ridgwine,  etc.).   Sir 

Thomas,   2.     Sub.  ;    pd.   . 

Of  Tor  Abbey,  Devonshire  ;  in  the 
voyage  to  the  Azores,  1597  ;  sheriff 
of  Devon  and  knighted  in  IGOO  ;  M. 
P.  for  Devon,  1004-07  ;  vice-treas- 
urer and  treasurer  at  wars,  and  treas- 
urer of  Ireland  at  various  times  for 
sundry  years  ;  was  a  large  undertaker 
in  the  first  Protestant  colony  in  Ire- 
land. (In  1G09  he  brought  over  the 
beautiful  surveys  and  maps  of  the 
escheated  lands  in  Ulster,  wliich  lay 
hidden  from  that  time  until  18G0.) 
He  was  created  a  baronet,  November 
25,  1612  ;  Baron  Gallen-Ridgeway, 
May  25,  161G,  and  Earl  of  London- 
derry in  Ireland,  August  23,  1G22. 

Ridlesdon,  Sir   Steven,  2.     Sub. 

;  pd.  £56.     Of  York  ;  knighted 

at  Chatham,  July  4,  1604  ;  one  of  the 
officers  of  the  navy,  being  clerk  of 
the  ordnance. 

Rivers,  Captain  John.  Son  of  Sir 
John  Rivers  by  his  wife,  J^lizabeth 
Barnes.  (See  Sir  George  Barnes  the 
elder.)  His  sister,  Anne  Rivers,  mar- 
ried Sir  ^latthew  Carew,  and  became 
the  mother  of  Thomas  Carew,  the 
poet. 

Roberts,  Elias,  merchant-tailor, 
3.     Sub.  £37  10s.  ;  pd.  £37  10s.     Of 


E.  I.  Co.;  January  15,  1617,  sent  one 
man  to  Virginia,  under  Capt.  Raphe 
Hamor.  In  1618,  himself  and  his  son 
Elias,  Jr.,  owned  four  shares  in  the 
Bernuulas;  May  22,  1622,  he  gave  his 
son  100  acres  in  Virginia.  Will  dated 
January,  1624,  proved  February  20, 
1626.  (See  "N.  E.  Register,"  Octo- 
ber, 1888,  p.  306.) 

Roberts,  George.  Sub.  £37  10s. 
(See  George  Robins.) 

Roberts,  Tedder,  Tudor,  or  Theo- 
dore, 2.     Sub. ;pd.  £37  10s.     Of 

E.  I.  Co. 

Robins,  George,  vintner,  2.  Sub. 
£37  10s.;  pd.  £02  10s.  Also  of  E.  I. 
and  N.  W.  P.  companies. 

He  was  at  Brest  in  1615,  and  I  sup- 
pose was  the  Mr.  George  Robins  who 
was  buried  in  the  parish  of  St.  Mary 
Woolchurch  Haw,  London,  on  August 
27,  1646. 

Robins,  Richard.  Pd.  £12  10s. 
Of  Longbuckbye  in  Northampton 
County,  England.  His  brothers,  Obe- 
dience and  Edward,  settled  in  North- 
ampton County,  Virginia. 

Robinson,  Arthur,  2.     Sub. ; 

pd.  £25.  Of  St.  Peter,  Cornhill,  Lon- 
don, mercer;  brother  to  Robert;  was 
a  member  of  the  E.  I.  Co.  in  1609 
and  N.  W.  P.  Co.  in  1612.  He  mar- 
ried, in  1603,  Elizabeth,  daughter  of 
William  Walthall. 

Robinson,  Henry,  esquire,  2. 
Sub. ;  pd.  £87  10s.  Of  St.  Mi- 
chael Basishaw,  London;  born  in  1587; 
son  of  Henry  Robinson,  Sr.,  by  his  wife 
Alice,  daughter  of  Thomas  Wilkes; 
married,  in  1611,  Mary,  the  daughter 
of  Sir  William  Glover,  knight  and 
alderman  of  London  ;  an  incorporator 
of,  and  a  director  in,  the  E.  I.  Co.; 
afterwards  knighted;  buried  at  Isling- 
ton, December  21,  1637,  in  the  vault 
with  his  mother.  His  mother  was 
thrice  married  :  first  to  Henry  Robin- 
son, Sr.  ;  secondly  to  William  Elkin, 
alderman  of  London,  and  thirdly  to 
Thomas  Owen,  one  of  the  justices  of 
the  Common  Pleas.  Mrs.  Alice  Owen 
died  in  1613  ;  she  founded  the  alms- 
house for  ten  widows,  and  the  free- 
school  for  30  boys,  at  Islington. 

Robinson,  Jehu  (or  John),  gent., 

2.      Sub. ;    pd. .       He    was 

killed  by  the  Indians  in  Virginia,  De- 
cember, 1609. 

Robinson    John,    gent.,    3.     Sub. 


984 


ROBINSON  —  ROE 


£37  10s.;  pd.  £75.  Probably  son  of 
John  and  Martha  Robinson  (whom 
see). 

Robinson,  John,  merchant-tailor. 
Pd.  ()s.  Married,  in  1597,  Elizabeth, 
daughter  of  Sir  Richard  Rogers. 

Robinson,    John,    2.     Sub. ; 

pd. .     Chief  searcher  of  customs  ; 

was  buried  at  St.  Olave's,  London,  De- 
cember 13,  1G09.  His  widow,  Mary, 
deserves  especial  mention.  She  was 
the  daughter  of  William  Ramsey,  of 
London,  grocer ;  her  first  husband, 
John  Wanton,  of  London,  gent.,  a 
searcher  of  the  customs,  died  in  Au- 
gust, 1592,  and  she  married,  secondly, 
I'ebruary  26,  1593,  John  Robinson, 
aforesaid.  Mrs.  Mary  Robinson  was 
buried  with  her  two  husbands  at  St. 
Olave's,  Hart  Street,  London,  Octo- 
ber 13,  1618.  The  following  is  an  ex- 
tract from  her  will  :  "  I  give  and  be- 
queth  towardes  the  helpe  of  the  poore 
people  in  Virginia,  towardes  the  build- 
inge  of  a  churche,  and  reducing  them 
to  the  knowledge  of  God's  worde,  the 
some  of  two  hundred  poundes  to  be 
bestowed  at  the  discreacon  of  my 
cozen.  Sir  John  Wolstenholme,  knight, 
with  the  advise  and  consulte  of  four 
others  of  the  chiefest  of  the  Virginia 
Company,  within  two  yeares  uexte 
after  my  decease." 

She  was  a  niece  of  Sir  Thomas 
Ramsey,  Lord  Mayor  of  London,  who 
with  his  wife  (Mary,  daughter  of  Wil- 
liam Dale,  merchant  of  Bristol)  were 
the  great  benefactors  of  the  Grocers' 
Company,  of  Christ's  Hospital,  Lon- 
don, and  of  Queen  Elizabeth's  Hospi- 
tal, Bristol. 

In  the  summer  of  1G19  "a  person 
unknowne  "  gave  for  Mistris  Mary 
Robinson's  church  in  Virginia  a  com- 
mimion-cup,  which  precious  relic,  in- 
scribed "  The  Communion  Cupp  for 
St.  Mary's  Church  in  Smith's  Hun- 
dred in  Virginia,"  is  still  preserved  in 
the  Old  Dominion. 

Mrs.  Mary  was  John  Robinson's 
second  wife  ;  she  bore  him  no  child. 
Martha  Cruxtoue  was  his  first  wife  and 
the  mother  of  his  children.  Their 
daughter  Jane  married  Thomas 
Smythe,  of  London  (whose  daugliter, 
Martha  Smytlie,  married  Archdale, 
son  of  W^illiam  Palmer).  Another 
daughter,  Susanna  Robinson,  married 
William  ,Iordan,  of  Surrey.     The  sons 


of  John  Robinson  were  William, 
Henry,  John,  and  Robert.  I  believe 
his  son  John  to  be  the  John,  gent.,  of 
the  Va.  Co.  He  was  born  about  1578; 
lived  atGravesend;  married,  in  April, 
1612,  Bridget,  daughter  of  Robert  Jen- 
kinson,  of  Loudon  ;  died  January  18, 
167 1 ,  aged  96,  and  was  buried  in 
Gravesend  church. 

Robinson,  Robert,  2.     Sub. ; 

pd.  £25.  Brother  to  Arthur;  also  of 
E.  I.  and  N.  W.  P.  companies.  (I  be- 
lieve that  I  have  identified  these  Rob- 
insons correctly ;  but  so  many  men  of 
affairs  bore  the  name,  at  the  time,  that 
I  cannot  always  be  certain.) 

Rochester,  Earl  of.  —  Robert  Carr. 

Roe  —  Rowe,  Henry,  mercer,  2. 

Sub. ;  pd. .    Second  son  of  Sir 

Thomas  Rowe,  lord  mayor  in  1568. 
He  was  born  in  1544;  apprenticed  to 
Matthew  Field,  mercer  ;  admitted  to 
freedom  in  Mercers'  Companj^,  1571; 
warden  of  the  company,  1591 ;  sheriff 
of  London,  1597,  and  lord  mayor  in 
1608;  died  in  1612  and  was  buried  at 
Hackney,  December  22. 

His  brother,  William  Roe,  Esq. 
(whose  widow  married  Sir  Reginald, 
the  brother  of  Sir  Samuel  Argall). 
is  described  as  a  very  learned  man, 
who,  when  in  Germany,  lived  upon 
terms  of  intimacy  with  Immanuel 
Tremellius  and  Theodore  Beza. 

Roe,    Sir  Thomas,  2.     Sub. ; 

pd.  £60.  Son  of  Robert  Roe  (son  of 
Sir  Thomas  Roe,  Lord  Mayor  of  Lon- 
don in  1568),  esquire  of  the  body  to 
Queen  Elizabeth,  by  his  wife  Eliza- 
beth, daughter  of  Robert  Jermy,  of 
Antingliam;  born  about  1580,  at  Low 
Leyton  in  Essex  ;  entered  Magdalen 
College,  Oxford,  in  1593;  knighted  at 
Greenwich,  March  23,  1605  ;  M.  C. 
for  Va.,  March  9,  1607;  M.  C.  f or  Va. 
Co.,  May  23,  1609.  "This  worthy 
young  knight  and  right  valiant  Gen- 
tleman in  1609-10,  at  his  and  his 
friends  charge,  builded  a  shippe,  and 
a  pinace  for  the  discovery  of  Guyana, 
hee  set  sayle  from  Plimmouth,  Febru- 
ary 24,  (1610),  and  in  the  end  of  Aprill 
(1610)  fell  with  the  great  river  of  the 
Amazons."  He  spent  13  months  in  dis- 
covering the  Amazon,  the  Wyapoco, 
and  the  Orinoco  rivers  and  adjacent 
regions,  and  returning  "  arrived  at  the 
Wight,  in  July,  1611 ;  "  between  which 
date  and  1615,  "  he  sent  twice  thither 


ROE 


985 


to  make  farther  discoveries  and  to 
maintayne  twenty  men  in  the  River  of 
Amazones,  for  tlie  good  of  his  countrey, 
who  are  yet  (1G15)  remayning  there 
and  supplied."  (Henry,  Prince  of 
Wales,  was  interested  in  this  enter- 
prise.) M.  P.  for  Taniworth  in  1614. 
On  September  7,  1014,  bir  Thomas 
Smith,  the  governor,  proposed  to  the 
E.  I.  Co.  that  "  they  should  employ  Sir 
Thomas  Roe  at  Agra,  he  being  a  gen- 
tleman of.  pregnant  understanding, 
well  spoken,  learned,  industrious,  of  a 
comely  personage  and  one  of  whom 
there  are  great  hopes  that  he  may  work 
much  good  for  the  company."  Soon 
after  this.  King  James  I.,  at  the  E.  I. 
Co.'s  request  and  expense,  appointed 
Sir  Thomas  Roe  his  ambassador  to 
the  Great  Mogul,  Shah  Jehan.^  This 
was  the  first  royal  embassy  from 
England  to  that  remote  country.  He 
sailed  from  Gravesend  January  24, 
1615,  and  lauded  at  Surat  in  Septem- 
ber, 1615;  resided  at  the  court  of  the 
Great  Mogul  till  1618,  whence  he 
proceeded  to  that  of  Shah  Abbas  in 
Persia ;  left  the  East  Indies  early  in 
1619,  and  arrived  at  Plymouth,  Eng- 
land, late  in  August,  1619.  He  wrote 
an  account  of  his  embassy,  and  made 
a  map  of  the  Great  Mogul's  empire. 
Bourne,  in  his  "  Famous  London  Mer- 
chants," says,  "  Sir  Thomas  Roe  did 
much  good  work.  He  formed  an  alli- 
ance with  the  great  Mohammedan 
Emperor  of  the  East,  one  of  the  race 
of  mighty  potentates  who  ruled  all  the 
north  of  India,  and  the  vast  districts 
on  the  other  side  of  the  Himalayas, 
and  thus  surely  laid  the  foundations 
of  that  intercourse  between  England 
and  India  which  was  to  end,  after  two 
centuries  of  trading  and  fighting,  in 
India  becoming  the  property  of  Eng- 
land. For  all  this,  not  a  little  of  the 
praise  belongs  to  Sir  Thomas  Smythe." 
His  sister  Mary  married  Richard 
Berkeley  (whom  see),  and  he  was  in- 
terested in  the  plantation  of  Berkeley 
on  James  River  (see  John  Smith,  of 
Nibley).  On  May  17,  1620,  James  I. 
recommended  him  to  the  Va.  Co.  as 
a  proper  person  for  governor  of  that 
company.  July  6,  1620,  "  Sir  Thomas 
Roe  and  his  partners  "  procured  a  pat- 

1  The  Emperor  J^hanghir,  tlie  Selim  of  Moore's 
poem,  who  built  the  mausoleum  Taj  Mahnl  at 
Apra  to  his  favorite  wife,  Nourmalinl,  the  Light 
of  the  Harem  of  Moore's  Lalla  Jiookh. 


ent  for  the  monopoly  of  the  tobacco 
trade  of  England.  July  7,  1620,  Sir 
John  Davers  and  Sir  Thomas  Roe 
were  appointed  by  the  South  Virginia 
Company  to  draw  up  a  letter  to  the 
king,  asking  him  to  preserve  the  fish- 
ing at  Cape  Cod  free  to  both  Virginia 
companies.  November  3,  1620,  Roe 
is  one  of  the  first  council  and  incor- 
porators of  the  N.  E.  Co.  November 
4,  16l0,  he  was  desired  by  the  Va.  Co. 
to  presi'ut  their  petition,  regarding 
the  Cape  Cod  fisheries,  to  his  majesty, 
and  on  November  13  Roe  presented 
a  favorable  reply  to  this  petition  from 
his  majesty.  M.  P.  for  Cirencester, 
1621-1:2.  From  1622  to  1628,  Sir 
Thomas  Roe  was  the  ambassador 
from  England  to  the  court  of  the 
Sublime  Porte  at  Con^tantinople. 
While  there,  in  161:3,  he  concluded  a 
truce  for  the  English  merchants  with 
the  pirates  of  Algiers  and  Tunis,  and, 
"  by  his  prudence  and  sagacity,  suc- 
ceeded in  obtaining  the  most  valuable 
results,  not  only  for  the  extension  of 
trade,  but  even  for  the  Christian  re- 
ligion itself."  In  1629  he  was  sent 
as  "  ambassador  to  the  King  of 
Poland,  and  other  princes  and  states 
in  the  eastern  parts  ;  "  and  June  11 
in  that  year  he  was  commissioned  by 
the  King  of  England  to  negotiate  a 
peace  between  the  kings  of  Poland 
and  Sweden.  (On  his  way  he  treated 
with  the  King  of  Denmark,  as  also  on 
his  return.)  Gustavus  Adolphus  the 
Great,  King  of  Sweden,  concluded  a 
truce  of  six  years  with  Sigisnnmd,  King 
of  Poland,  September  15,  1629.  "  As 
usual  Roe  obtained  great  advantages 
to  English  trade  and  commerce 
through  his  negotiations  on  this  em- 
bassy. He  also  took  advantage  of  this 
occasion  to  endeavor  the  reconcilia- 
tion of  the  Lutherans  and  Calvinists, 
and  to  unite  them  all  in  conformity 
with  the  Church  of  England."  He 
continued  to  try  for  many  years  to 
make  a  peace  between  the  Lutiieran 
and  Calvinist,  and  many  letters  of  his 
on  this  subject  to  Arcld)ishop  Laud  and 
others  are  still  preserved. 

Sir  Thomas  Roe  was  brother-in-law 
to  John  Tomlinson  (the  mayor  of  Bris- 
tol in  1630),  and  aided  both  Cai)t. 
Thomas  James  and  Luke  Fox  in  their 
preparations  for  tlieir  voyages  to  the 
Northwest  in  1630  and  1631.    In  June, 


986 


ROE— ROLFE 


1631,  lie  was  one  of  the  special  com- 
mission for  the  better  plantation  of 
Virginia.  In  1637  he  was  interested 
in  a  proposition  for  an  f^nglish  \N  est 
India  Company.  lie  says  "there  was 
no  more  advantageous  way  for  making 
war  upon  the  King  of  Spain  than  in 
the  West  Indies." 

"  May  5,  1638.  Commission  to  Sir 
Thomas  Roe,  Chancellor  of  the  Order 
of  the  Garter,  to  treat  with  the  French 
King,  the  Queen  of  Sweden  and  the 
States  of  Belgium,  for  general  peace, 
and  the  restoration  of  the  King  of 
England's  nephews." 

' '  January  30,  1639.  Power  for  Sir 
Thomas  Roe,  Chancellor  of  the  Order 
of  the  Garter,  to  conclude  a  treaty 
with  Christian  IV.,  King  of  Den- 
mark." 

M.  P.  for  Oxford  University  from 
1640  to  his  death.  In  1640  he  made 
a  celebrated  speech  in  Parliament, 
which  was  printed  in  1641,  "  Wherein 
He  sheweth  the  cause  of  the  decay  of 
Coyne  and  Trade  in  this  Land,  espe- 
cially of  Merchants  Trade.  And  also 
propounded  a  way  to  the  House,  how 
they  may  be  increased."  "  In  1641 
he  was  sent  ambassador  to  the  Em- 
peror and  the  Princes  of  Germany  to 
be  present  at  the  Diet  of  Ratisbon, 
and  there  to  mediate  on  behalf  of  the 
Prince  Elector  Palatine.  The  Em- 
peror was  so  pleased  with  his  conduct 
and  his  great  abilities  that  he  several 
times  said  in  public  :  '  I  have  met 
with  many  gallant  persons  of  many 
nations,  but  I  scarce  ever  met  with  an 
ambassador  till  now.'  "  "  On  his  re- 
tui'n  from  Germany  he  was  made  a 
privy  councilor,  but  lived  not  long  to 
enjoy  the  honor.  He  died  Novem- 
ber 6,  1644,  and  was  buried  (Novem- 
ber 8)  in  the  chancel  of  the  Wood- 
ford church.  He  was  lord  of  the 
manor  of  Woodford." 

"  During  his  embassy  at  Constan- 
tinople he  collected  many  valuable 
Greek  and  Oriental  manuscripts,  which 
he  presented  to  the  Bodleian  Library, 
to  which  he  left  his  valuable  collec- 
tion of  coins.  The  fine  Alexandrian 
MS.  of  the  Greek  Bible,  which  Cyrill, 
the  Patriarch  of  Constantinople  pre- 
sented to  Charles  I.,  was  procured  by 
his  means." 

Tlio  historian  Carte,  speaking  of 
his  letters  and  papers,  says,  "  I  have 


read  them  with  great  pleasure,  and 
cannot  sufficiently  adn)ire  his  rare 
abilities,  judgment,  and  integrity,  his 
extraordinary  sagacity  in  discovering 
the  views  and  designs  of  those  with 
whom  he  treated,  and  his  admirable 
dexterity  in  guarding  against  their 
measures  and  bringing  them  over  to 
his  purpose.  Wise,  experienced,  pene- 
trating and  knowing,  he  was  never  to 
be  surprised  or  deceived,  and  though 
no  minister  ever  had  greater  difficul- 
ties to  struggle  with,  or  was  employed 
by  a  court  that  had  less  power  to  sup- 
port him,  yet  he  supported  all  his  em- 
ployments with  dignitj',  and  came  out 
of  them  with  reputation  and  honor. 
In  all  the  honest  arts  of  negotiation 
he  had  few  equals  (I  dare  say),  no 
superiors.  His  letters  and  papers  are 
a  ti'easure  that  ought  to  be  communi- 
cated to  the  world." 


Rogers,  Edvrard,  esquire.  Of 
Canningtoii,  County  Somerset  ;  M. 
P.  for  Minehead,  1584-85  ;  married 
Katherine,  daughter  of  Sir  John  Pop- 
ham,  chief  justice  of  England  ;  M. 
C.  for  Va.,  March  9,  1607  ;  also  a 
member  of  the  South  Va.  Co.  He 
died  in  16-i7. 

Rogers,  Richard,  gent.,  2.  Sub. 
£37  10s.  ;  pd.  £75.  Comptroller  of 
the  king's  mint  ;  N.  W.  P.  Co.,  1612. 
He  was  living  at  the  Visitation  in  1633, 
aged  84  years,  but  died  soon  after.  A 
benefactor  of  Edmonton. 

Rolfe,  Henry.  Pd.  £12  10s.  Son 
of  John  Rolfe  and  his  wife,  Dorothea 
Mason,  of  Heacham  Hall  in  Norfolk, 
England,  and  brother  of  John  Rolfe 
of  Virginia.  He  "  brought  up  the 
child  his  said  brother  had  by  Pow- 
hatan's daughter."  I  believe  this 
Henry  Rolfe  to  be  the  father  of 
Francis  Rolfe,  who  was  town  clerk  of 
Lynn  in  1622,  and  was  buried  in  the 
chapel  of  St.  Nicholas  in  that  town  in 
1678. 

Rolfe,  John.  Eustacius  Rolfe  was 
married  to  Joanna  Jener  in  the  parish 
church  at  Heacham  in  Norfolk,  Eng- 
land, May  27,  1560.     Their  son,  John 


ROLFE  —  ROSCARROCKE 


987 


Ilolfe,  was  baptized  there,  October  17, 
15(32.  He  married  there,  September 
1I4,  1582,  Dorothea  Masou,  and  their 
twin  sons,  Eustacius  and  Jolm,  were 
baptized  there.  May  G,  1585.  Eusta- 
cius soon  died  ;  his  twin  brother,  John 
Rolfe,  married  in  England,  possibly  in 
1608,  and  sailed  for  Virginia  in  June, 
1609  ;  was  wrecked  on  the  Bermudas, 
and  while  there  a  daughter  was  born 
to  him;  she  was  christened  by  the  Rev. 
Mr.  Bucke,  February  11,  1610,  Cap- 
tain Newport,  William  iStrachey,  and 
Mrs.  Horton  being  sponsors  ;  the  child 
soon  died.  The  parents  reached  Vir- 
ginia in  May,  1610,  where  the  mother 
died.  In  1612  John  Rolfe  was  the 
first  Englishman  to  introduce  the  cul- 
tivation of  tobacco  in  Virginia.  He 
was  married  about  the  .5th  of  April, 
1614,  in  the  church  at  Jamestown,  to 
Pocahontas,  the  daughter  of  Powhatan. 
I  suppose  he  was  certainly  married  by 
Mr.  Buck,  the  minister  at  Jamestown, 
and  not  by  Mr.  Whitaker,  who  was 
the  minister  at  Henrico.  He  was  in 
England  with  his  Indian  bride  in  1616- 
17,  and  while  there,  he  sent  a  descrip- 
tion of  Virginia  to  King  James  and  to 
Sir  Robert  Rich.  His  wife  died  in 
England,  March  21,  1617,  and  he  re- 
turned to  Virginia  ;  a  member  of  the 
council  in  Virginia  in  1619  ;  married, 
thirdly,  Jane,  daughter  of  William 
Pierce  ;  died  in  Virginia  in  1622,  leav- 
ing a  widow  and  children.  His  will, 
dated  March  10,  1621,  was  witnessed 
by  his  old  friend  and  pastor,  the  Rev. 
Richard  Buck,  and  others.  (An  ab- 
stract of  his  will  is  given  in  the  "  New 
England  Historical  and  (ienealogical 
Register,"  ,lanuary,  1881,  p.  68.)  His 
widow  afterwards  married  Capt. 
Roger  Smith,  and  his  daughter  Eliza- 
beth (aged  four  years,  born  in  Vir- 
ginia), was  living  with  Capt.  Roger 
Smith  at  James  City,  January  24, 1625. 
Thomas  Rolfe,  the  child  of  Pocahon- 
tas, was  then  in  England. 

In  January,  1625,  Rolfe's  father-in- 
law,  Capt.  William  Pierce,  owned  An- 
gelo,  a  negro  woman,  one  of  the  first 
negroes  brought  to  Virginia  in  the 
Earl  of  Warwick's  ship,  the  Treas- 
urer, in  August,  1610. 

Romney,  Sir  Williain,  haber- 
dasher, 2.  Sub.  £75  ;  pd.  £170.  Son 
of  William  Romney  of  Tedbury  in 
Gloucestershire  ;  was  a  leading  mer- 


chant of  London,  a  member  of  the 
Haberdashers'  Company,  a  Merchant 
Adventurer,  and  sometime  governor 
of  the  Merchants  Adventurers.  Sep- 
tember 22,  1599,  he  ventured  £200  in 
the  intended  voyage  to  the  East  Indies; 
September  24,  appointed  one  of  the 
treasurers  for  that  voyage  ;  October 
30,  selected  for  one  of  the  first  direc- 
tors of  the  proposed  E.  I.  Co.;  Decem- 
ber 31,  1600,  an  incorporator  and  one 
of  the  first  directors  of  the  E.  I.  Co.  ; 
January  9,  1601,  chosen  deputy-gov- 
ernor of  that  company  ;  November  5, 
1601,  urged  the  E.  I.  Co.  to  send  an 
expedition  to  discover  the  Northwest 
l)assage,  either  in  conjunction  with  the 
Mus.  Co.  or,  if  ])ossible,  alone;  Decem- 
ber 22,  1601,  the  Mus.  Co.  consented 
to  join  in  the  enterprise  of  which  Rom- 
ney wfis  to  be  treasurer  ;  elected  al- 
derman of  Portsoken  ward,  London, 
December  18,  1602  ;  elected  one  of 
the  sheriffs  of  London,  KiOo;  knighted 
at  Whitehall,  July  26,  1603.  In  1606 
he  was  governor  of  the  E.  I.  Co.  ;  M. 
C.  for  Va.,  November  20,  1606  ;  M. 
C.  for  Va.  Co.,  May  23,  1609  ;  one  of 
those  who  sent  out  Henry  Hudson  for 
the  Northwest  in  April,  1610.  His 
will  was  dated  April  18.  Died  April 
25,  and  was  placed  in  his  sepulchre. 
May  24,  1611.  He  gave  liberally  to 
the  hospitals  ;  to  forty  poor  scholars 
in  Cambridge  he  gave  tiie  sum  of  £20; 
to  the  Haberdashers'  Company  he 
gave  £50  to  be  lent  to  a  young  free- 
man gratis  for  two  j'ears,  etc. 

He  married  Rebecca,  only  heir  of 
Robert  Taylor,  late  alderman  of  Lon- 
don, and  had  issue  by  her  six  sons  and 
two  daughters. 

(Col.  Joseph  Ball,  who  afterwards 
came  to  Virginia,  married,  in  England, 
Miss  I>lizabeth  Romney,  probably  a 
granddaughter  of  the  above,  and  from 
them  descended  the  Travers,  Daniels, 
Conways,  etc.,  of  Virginia.  ''The 
mother  of  Washington"  was  Col.  Jo- 
sepli  Ball's  daughter  bv  a  second  mar- 
riage.) 

Roscarrocke  (or  Rosco-we),  Wil- 
liam, esquire,  3.     Sub. ;  pd.  £37 

10s. 


98S 


ROSIER  —  RUSSELL 


Rosier,  James.  On  the  Gosiiold 
voyage  to  our  New  England  coast, 
March  to  July,  1602,  and  on  the  Wey- 
mouth voyage  of  March  to  July,  1605, 
of  which  latter  voyage  he  published 
"  A  True  Reporte  "  in  1605. 

Rotheram,  Edward,  draper.  Pd. 
£25.  He  was  elected  alderman  of 
Bread  Street  ward,  December  3, 
1611  ;  chosen  sheriff,  June  24,  1612. 
Buried  at  St.  Mary's  Aldermar\',  No- 
vember 2,  1620. 

Roydon,  Captain  Marmaduke. 
This  was  evidently  Capt.  Marmaduke 
Rawdon,  son  of  Ralph  Rawdon,  of 
Brandsby  in  Yorkshire  ;  baptized 
there,  ISIarch  20,  158 1  ;  went  to  Lon- 
don at  the  age  of  sixteen  ;  apprenticed 
to  Daniel  Hall,  a  merchant,  who  sent 
him  as  his  factor  to  Boi-deanx  ;  re- 
turned to  London  about  1610;  elected 
a  common  councilman  ;  free  of  the 
company  of  Clothworkers  ;  captain  of 
the  city  militia ;  treasurer  for  the 
French  merchants  ;  rigged  out  a  ship 
for  the  discovery  of  the  Northwest 
passage  ;  one  of  the  first  that  planted 
in  Barbadoes,  where  he  buried  above 
£10,000;  a  great  adventurer  to  Spain, 
France,  the  Canary  Isles,  and  Turkey, 
to  the  West  Indies,  and  several  other 
parts  of  the  world,  etc.  ;  M.  P.  for 
Alborough,  1628-29;  defended  Basing- 
housein  1643  ;  knighted  December  28, 
1643  ;  died  April  18,  1646.  In  1611, 
when  he  married  Elizabeth,  daughter 
(of  Thomas  Thorowgood,  of  Hodsden, 
Herts,  gent.,  he  was  a  clothworker  of 
AUhallows  Barking,  London. 

Runmey.     See  Romney. 

Russell,  HdviTSLTd,  Earl  of  Bed- 
ford, 3.     Sub.  ;    pd.   £120.      On 

the  death  of  his  grandfather  Francis, 
second  Earl  (the  godfather  to  Sir 
Francis  Drake),  on  the  28th  of  July, 
1585,  he  succeeded  as  third  earl.  He 
married  Lucy  Harrington  at  Stepney 
on  the  12th  of  December,  1594  ;  as- 
signed to  Sir  Edward  Harwood  four 
shares  in  Virginia  on  the  9th  of  De- 
cember, 1018  ;  died  May  1,  1627, 
without  issue. 

Russell,  John,  2.     Sub. ;  pd. 

£12  10s.     Came  to  Virginia  in  1608. 

Russell  -  Clifford,  Margaret, 
Countess    of    Cunii)erland,    3.       Sub. 

;   pd. .     Youngest  daughter 

of  Francis,  second  Earl  of  Bedford. 
She  married,  June  24,  1577,  the  cele- 


brated George  Clifford,  seventeenth 
Baron  Clifford,  and  third  Earl  of 
Cumberland.  He  died  in  1605,  and 
she  died  in  May,  1616,  leaving  an  only 
daughter,  Anne,  sole  heir  to  the  bar- 
onies of  Clifford,  Westmoreland,  and 
Vesey.  She  married,  first,  Richard 
Sackville,  Earl  of  Dorset,  and  sec- 
ondly, Philip  Herbert,  Earl  of  Pem- 
broke and  JMontgomery,  and  became 
Countess  of  Dorset,  Pembroke,  and 
Montgomery. 


Russell,  Dr.  Walter.  Came  to 
Virginia  in  1607.  Died  prior  to  Sep- 
tember, 1609. 

Russell,  "William,  gent.  Came  to 
Virginia  in  September,'  1608. 

Russell,  William,  merchant,  2. 
Sub.  £37  10s.  ;  pd.  £50.  Son  of  Wil- 
liam Russell,  Esq.,  of  Surrey  ;  was 
"  sometime  agent  for  the  Dutch  ;"  was 
a  member  of  the  Rns.  or  Mus.  Co.,  and 
Avas  with  Sir  ThOmas  Smythe  in  Russia 
in  April,  1605.  In  1606  he  sent  the 
Godspeed  and  the  Discovery  to  Cherry 
Island,  and  these  vessels,  after  their 
return,  went  to  Virginia  with  the  first 
expedition  sent  by  the  first  Colony  of 
Virginia  ;  a  member  of  the  E.  I.  Co.  ; 
aided  in  sending  Henry  Hudson  to  the 
Northwest  in  1610,  and  was  an  incor- 
porator and  one  of  the  first  directors 
of  the  N.  W.  p.  Co.,  chartered  July 
26, 1612;  knighted  at  Theobald's,  April 
29,  1618. 

May  5,  1618,  Chamberlain  wrote  to 
Carleton,  "Sir  William  Russell,  the 
Muscovy  Merchant  has  bought  the 
Treasurership  of  the  Navy  from  Sir 
Robert  Mansell,  who  is  to  be  Vice- 
Admiral."  "  May  10,  1618.  Grant  to 
Sir  William  Russell  of  the  Treasurer- 
ship  of  ]\Iarine  Causes  for  life."  James 
I.  suggested  him  as  a  suitable  person 
for  treasurer  of  the  Va.  Co.,  May  22, 
1622.  He  continued  treasurer  of  the 
navy  tuider  James  I.  and  Chai'les  I. ;  the 
latter  king  made  him  a  commissioner 
of  the  navj"^  also,  and  created  him  a 
baronet,  January  19,  16i^9.  One  of  the 
commissioners  "  concerning  tobacco," 
June  10,  1634  ;  living,  April  2,  1637, 


SACKVILLE  —  SAINT  JOHN 


989 


when  lie  wrote  a  letter  to  the  atlmi- 
nilty  cuucerning  Governor  Harvey  of 
Yiigiuia.  Tlie  date  of  his  death  is  not 
known  to  me.  Two  of  his  grandchil- 
dren married  members  of  Lord  Pro- 
tector Cromwell's  family. 

Sackville,    Edward,    esquire,    3. 

Sub. ;    pd. .     Born   in    1590; 

educated  at  Christ  CInirch,  Oxford, 
1605-09  ;  killed  Lord  Bruce  in  the 
celebrated  duel,  September,  1G1I5  ; 
made  a  Knig-ht  of  the  Bath  at  the 
creation  of  Charles,  Prince  of  Wales, 
November  3,  1616  ;  commands  troops 
sent  to  the  Elector  Palatine,  and  fouglit 
at  Prague  in  1620  ;  M.  P.  for  Sussex, 
1621-2'2  ;  sent  on  an  embassy  to  France 
in  1621  ;  member  of  the  Privy  Coun- 
cil ;  member  of  the  Southampton 
party  in  the  factions  of  the  Va.  Co  , 
1622-24  ;  governor  of  the  B.  I.  Co.  in 
1623.  When  his  brother  Richard, 
third  Earl  of  Dorset,  died  (ALarch  28, 
1624)  he  was  at  Florence  in  Italy, 
from  whence  he  returned  through 
France,  the  latter  end  of  May,  1624, 
and  succeeded  his  brother  as  fourth 
Earl  of  Dorset.  He  was  on  the  com- 
mission for  the  better  plantation  of 
Virginia,  June  27,  1G31,  and  on  the 
commission  for  plantations  of  April, 
1634.  His  party  were  constantly 
striving  to  reestablish  the  Va.  Co.  of 
London,  making  special  appeals  to 
King  Charles  for  that  purpose  in  1625, 
1631,  1638,  and  1642  (see  George 
Sandys)  ;  but  they  were  as  constantly 
met  by  petitions  of  the  planters  against 
it.  The  Earl  of  Doi-set  was  a  dis- 
tinguished cavalier.  He  died  at  With- 
iam,  Sussex,  July  27,  1652. 

Sackvill,  Richard,  third   Earl  of 

Dorset,      2.       Sub.  ;    pd.    £120. 

Grandson  of  Thomas,  first  Earl  of 
Dorset;  was  born  March  -.8,  1589,  in 
the  Chartreuse  in  London  (now  called 
the  Charterhouse)  ;  married,  Febru- 
ary 27, 1609,  the  very  celebrated  Lady 
Anne,  daughter  and  heir  of  George 
Clifford,  Earl  of  Cumberland,  in  her 
mother's  chambers,  in  Augustine-Fri- 
ers house,  in  London,  two  days  after 
his  father's  decease,  whom  he  suc- 
ceeded as  third  Earl  of  Dorset.  In 
1611-12  he  was  traveling  in  France 
and  the  Low  Countries;  May  15,1620, 
he  transferred  to  Mr.  Henry  Manwar- 
ing   ten   shares    of   land   in  Virginia, 


which  it  seems  was  all  of  his  stock. 
He  died  in  (ireat  Dorset-House,  Lon- 
don, March  28,  1624,  and  was  buried, 
April  7,  with  his  ancestors  in  Withiam 
Church  in  Sussex  ;  leaving  no  surviv- 
ing male  issue,  he  was  succeeded  by  his 
brother.  Sir  Edward,  as  fourth  Earl  of 
Dorset. 

Sackville,  Thomas,  first  Earl  of 
Dorset.  Born  in  Sussex,  1536  ;  M.  P. 
about  1557  ;  with  Thomas  Norton, 
wrote  the  first  regular  English  tragedy 
in  1.562  ;  imprisoned  at  Rome  1566  ; 
knighted  June  8,  1.167,  and  the  same 
day  created  Baron  of  Buckhurst;  am- 
bassador to  Paris,  1570;  to  the  Nether- 
lands, 1587 ;  Kniglit  of  the  Garter,  1589; 
Chancellor  of  Oxford  University,  1589; 
lord  high  treasurer,  1599  ;  Earl  of 
Dorset  by  James  I.  in  1603  ;  died  at 
Whitehall,  April  19,  1608.  He  was 
the  grandfather  of  the  foregoing  Sir 
Edward  Sackville  and  Richard,  third 
Earl  of  Dorset. 

Sad.  Stephen.     Pd.  £12  10s. 

Saint  Albans,  Viscount.  —  Fran- 
cis Bacon. 

Saint  Aldegonde,  Marnix  de. 
Philippe  de  Muruix,  Baron  of  St.  Al- 
degonde ;  born  at  Brussels,  1538  ;  at- 
tached to  the  Prince  of  Orange,  156.5  ; 
attended  Assembly  of  Dort,  1572  ; 
plenipotentiary  of  republic  at  Diet  of 
Worms,  1577  ;  in  England  for  a  time  ; 
defended  Antwerp,  1584-85;  died  at 
Leyden,  1598. 

Saint  John,  Sir  John,  3.  Sub. 
£75 ;  pd.  £37  10s.  Of  Lydiard  Tre- 
gose.  County  Wilts,  and  of  Battersea 
and  Wandsworth  ;  knighted  at  White- 
hall, February  2,  1609;  created  a  bar- 
onet. May  11,'^1611;  M.  P. ,  Wilts, 

in  1624-25  ;  zealously  attached  to  the 
royal  cause,  and  had  three  sons  slain 
fighting  under  the  royal  standard  ; 
ancestor  of  the  Viscounts  Bolingbroke. 
His  daughter,  Anne  St.  John,  married, 
first,  Sir  Francis  Henry  Lee,  baronet, 
and,  secondly,  Henry  \Viln>ot  (son  of 
Sir  Charles,  whoui  see),  first  Earl  of 
Rochester.  She  was  grandaunt  of  the 
celebrated  statesman  and  author.  Vis- 
count Bolingbroke. 

Saint  John,  Sir  William,  2.  Sub. 
£75;  pd.  £50.  "  Of  Heighley,  in 
the  County  of  Glamorgan,  Knight;" 
knighted  at  Dublin  Castle,  December 
21, 1607,  by  Sir  Arthur  Chichester,  the 
lord  deputy  of  Ireland.     He  was  "a 


990 


SAINT  JOHN  — SALTER 


distinguished  naval  officer;  "  July  3, 
1609,  the  Earl  of  Nottingham  sent  by 
him  to  Salisbury  "  a  letter  of  com- 
mendations of  the  bearer,  Sir  William 
St.  John,  who  has  taken  Harris,  the 
pirate,  on  the  Irish  coast,  and  done 
good  service  off  the  West  Islands  of 
Scotland."  February  6,  1610,  John 
Hopkins,  alderman  of  Bristol,  wrote 
"  to  Lord  Admiral  Nottingham,  that 
Sir  William  St.  John  has  taken  a  fly 
boat  of  100  tons." 

M.  C.  for  Va.  Co.,  1612.  In  1616 
Sir  Walter  Ralegh  is  said  to  have 
paid  Sir  William  St.  John  and  Sir  Ed- 
ward Villiers  the  sum  of  £1,500  for 
their  influence  in  securing  his  release 
from  prison,  and  Sir  William  is  said 
to  have  afterwards  proposed  to  effect 
his  pardon  also,  for  the  additional  sum 
of  £1,500  ;  "  but,  upon  the  counsels  of 
Lord  Bacon,  the  ill-fated  Ralegh  re- 
jected this  overture  "  (but  see  Gar- 
diner's "  Hist,  of  England,"  ii.  p.  381, 
note  1)  ;  a  member  of  the  African  Com- 
pany in  1618.  In  1620  Sir  William 
St.  John  and  others  sent  out  an  exjje- 
dition  for  the  discovery  of  Senegam- 
bia,  on  the  coast  of  Africa,  which 
claimed  to  have  passed  960  miles  up 
the  River  Gambia  into  the  continent. 
(See  Humfrey  Slany. ) 

Saint  Leger  Pedigree.  (Ex- 
tract.) Sir  Warham  ^  St.  Leger,  chief 
governor  of  Munster,  1.565  ;  knight 
marshal  of  Munster,  1579;  killed  by 
Hugh  Maguire,  Lord  Fermanagh, 
1599  ;  married,  first,  L^^rsula,  d<aughter 
of  George  Neville,  Earl  of  Abergav- 
enny, and  had  by  her,  with  other  issue, 
Anne,^  and  Anthony."  Anne  ^  St. 
Leger  married  Thomas  Digges  of  Bar- 
ham,  by  whom  she  was  the  mother  of 
Sir  Dudley  Digges  (whom  see)  and 
others.  Anthony  -  St.  Leger,  of  Ul- 
combe,  married  Mary,  daughter  of  Sir 
Thomas  Scott  (see  Scott  pedigree),  by 
whom  he  was  the  father  of  Sir  War- 
ham  St.  Leger  (whom  see)  and  others. 
Mrs.  Mary  Scott-St.  Leger  married, 
secondly,  Alexander  Culpcper,  of  Wig- 
sell,  Sussex. 

Saint  Leger  (Sentleger,  Sellen- 

ger),   Sir   Warham,   3.      Sub. ; 

pd.  .     Of  Ulconibe,  Coiinty  Kent; 

an  officer  in  Ralegh's  expi^dition  to 
Guiana,  in  1617—18;  was,  on  his  return, 
one  of  the  witnesses  against  Ralegli. 
He   married   Mary,   daughter   of   Sir 


Rowland  Hay  ward  (whom  see).  His 
daughter,  Ursula  St.  Leger,  a  cousin  to 
Sir  Dudley  Digges,  married  Rev.  Dan- 
iel Horsmanden,  rector  of  Ulcombe, 
Kent.  Their  son,  Col.  Warham  Hors- 
manden, of  Purleigh  in  Essex,  went  to 
Virginia,  and  was  the  father  of  Mary, 
the  wife  of  the  first  Col.  William  Byrd, 
from  whom  the  Byrds  of  Virginia  de- 
scend. I  believe  that  Jane  Hors- 
manden, who  granted  the  benefice  of 
Piu'leigh  in  Essex  to  the  Rev.  Law- 
rence Washington  in  March,  1633,  was 
the  widow  of  Rev.  Thomas  Horsman- 
den, the  brother,  I  think,  of  Rev.  Dan- 
iel aforesaid.  But  however  this  may 
be,  there  is  certainly  a  very  interesting 
parallel  in  the  lives  of  Rev.  Daniel 
Horsmanden  and  Rev.  Lawrence 
Washington ;  both  were  royalists,  both 
were  removed  by  Parliament  in  1643, 
both  died  about  1654,  and  the  sons  of 
both  went  to  Virginia  in  the  cavalier 
emigration  of  1649-58.  The  advowson 
of  the  rectory  of  Purleigh  was  granted 
to  Sir  Henry  Fowke  and  his  heirs,  May 
6,  1610.  I  suppose  that  Gerard  Fowke 
who  came  to  Va.  aboiit  the  same  time 
as  the  Washingtons,  and  settled  near 
them,  was  of  the  same  family  as  Sir 
Henry. 

Col.  ^^'arham  Horsmanden  returned 
to  Purleigh  after  the  Restoration  ;  but 
his  descendants  still  flourish  in  Amer- 
ica. John  and  Lawrence  Washington 
remained  ;  and  John's  great-grandson 
was  "  the  father  of  his  country."  (See 
"The  Ancestry  of  Washington,"  by 
Henry  F.  Waters,  A.  M.,  Boston, 
1889.)  Sir  Warham  St.  Leger  and  his 
wife,  Mary  Hay  ward,  left  "  numerous 
issue,"  but  I  have  the  names  of  only 
three  :  1.  Lrsula,  born  1600  ;  died 
1672  ;  married  Rev.  Daniel  Horsman- 
den. 2.  John,  born  1606  ;  married, 
1632,  Rebecca,  daughter  of  Rev.  Rich- 
ard Horsmanden,  "  late  of  Ulchum, 
deceased."  3.  Mary,  born  1613  ;  mar- 
ried, 1632,  William  Codd  of  Pelicans  in 
Kent,  esquire.  Dame  Mary  St.  Leger 
was  living  at  Lenham,  Kent,  in  No- 
vember, 1().32  ;  her  husband,  Sir  War- 
ham, was  then  dead. 

Salinas,  Marques  de.  "  President 
of  the  Indies."  Had  been  viceroy  of 
Peru. 

Salisbury,  Earl  of.  —  Robert  and 
William  Cecil. 

Salter,  Edward,  esquire,  3.     Sub. 


SIR  WILLIAM  WAAD 


SALTER  —  SAXDYS 


991 


;    \n\.  .     Kuighted  at  Ampt 

Hall,  July  21,  1G21.  l-irst  cousin  to 
Sir  Nicholas  Salter  (next). 

Salter,  Nicholas,  clothworker,  2. 
Sub.  £37  106.;  pd  £137  lUs.  Of 
Eiitielcl  in  MiiUllebcx;  also  of  the  E.  I. 
ajid  N.  W.  P.  couipauies.  A  leading 
merchant  of  London  ;  one  of  the 
prime  farmers  of  the  customs,  etc.; 
knijrhted  at  Whitehall,  March  12, 
1017.  His  daughter  Anne  was  second 
wife  to  Sir  Arthur  Harris. 

Saltonstall,  Sir  Samuel,  3.     Sub. 

;  pd. .     Of  London;  knighted 

at  Whitehall,  July  23,  1G03  ;  collector 
of  the  customs  ;  March  4,  1G18,  a  bill 
of  adventure  was  granted  him  for 
three  shares  in  the  Va.  Co.  of  London. 
He  befriended  Capt.  John  Smith,  and 
is  mentioned  in  Smith's  will. 

Sanibache,     William,     2.      Sub. 

;  pd.  £10.     Ciime  to  Virginia  in 

1608. 

Samms,    George,    gent.,  3.     Sub. 

;   pd. .     Of  Tolshunt  Major 

in  Com.  Essex. 

Samms,  Sir  John,  3.  Sub.  £150; 
pd.  £oO.  Son  of  Jolm  Samms,  Esq., 
of  Lanckford  Hall,  Essex,  by  the 
daughter  of  Bartholomew  Averell  ; 
knighted  at  Dublin  by  the  Earl  of 
Essex  in  August,  1599  ;  M.  P.  for 
Maiden  in  Essex,  1610-11  ;  M.  C.  for 
Va.  Co.,  1612  ;  an  incorporator  of  the 
N.  W.  P.  Co.  in  1612  ;  M.  P.  for  Mai- 
den in  Essex  in  1014.  Chamberlain 
wrote  to  Carleton,  October  14,  1620  : 
"  Sir  John  Samms  is  stept  aside  and 
gone  for  Bohemia,  as  is  pretended, 
being  overladen  and  ready  to  sink 
under  the  burthen  of  his  debts." 
Married,  in  1595,  Isabella,  daughter 
of  Alderman  Sir  John  Garrard  of 
London  ;  died  in  Flanders,  where  he 
was  governor  of  Isondike,  leaving  an 
only  son,  Sir  Gerard  Samms,  who  mar- 
ried Ursula,  daughter  of  Gawen  Cham- 
pernowne,  Esq.,  and  widow  of  Auditor 
Saxsey. 

Sanderson,  William.  Married 
Margaret,  daughter  of  Hugh  Snedale, 
of  Hilling  in  Cornwall,  esquire,  by  his 
wife,  Mary  Ralegh,  a  half-sister  to  Sir 
Walter  Ralegh.  He  was  interested  in 
the  Amidas  voyage  of  1584  ;  in  the 
voyages  of  John  Davys  to  the  North- 
west, June  to  September,  1585,  May 
to  October,  1586,  and  May  to  Septem- 
ber,  1587.      One    of    those    to    whom 


Ralegh  granted  an  indenture  for  colo- 
nization, March  7, 1589.  He  was  "  the 
worshipful  merchant "  whose  purse 
supported  Mr.  Emmeric  Mollineux  of 
Lambeth,  while  he  was  making  his 
glol)fH  and  maj)s,  1.592-98. 

Sandy,  Robert,  grocer.  "  Alex- 
ander Napier  (called  for  distinction 
Sandy),  son  of  Sir  Alexander  Napier, 
and  brotlier  of  Sir  Archibald,  came 
into  England  temp.  Henry  Vlll.,  and 
settled  at  Exeter."  His  second  sou, 
Robert  Sandy,  of  whom  I  write,  be- 
came a  grocer  of  London  in  St.  Martin 
Outwich  parish.  He  was  knighted,  July 
21,  1612,  as  "Sir  Robert  Saudie,  alias 
Napper,"  and  created  a  baronet  No- 
vember 25  following.  He  was  of  the 
I'].  L  and  N.  W.  P.  companies.  Died 
in  .Vpril,  1037. 

Sandys  Pedigree  (E.vtract.) 
'•  The  Rev.  Edwin  ^  Sandys,  '  one  of  the 
first  who  conformed  to  the  Protestant 
Religion,'  was  born  in  Lancashire  in 
1519  ;  educated  at  Cambridge  ;  sup- 
ported the  claims  of  Lady  Jane  Grey 
to  the  crown  ;  refused  to  proclaim 
Queen  Mary,  and  was  imprisoned  July 
25,  1553;  liberated  and  escaped  to  the 
continent  in  May,  1554  ;  returned  to 
England  on  the  succession  of  Queen 
Elizabeth  in  1558  ;  made  Bishop  of 
Worcester,  December  21,  1559  ;  as- 
sisted in  new  translation  of  the  Bible, 
1565;  Bishop  of  London,  1570;  Arch- 
bish(jp  of  York  in  1577;  died  at  South- 
well, July  10,  1588.  By  his  first  wife, 
Miss  Sandys,  a  relative,  it  seems,  he  had 
no  issue.  He  married,  secondly,  about 
1559,  Cicely,  the  sister  to  Sir  Thomas 
Wilford  (of  the  same  family  as  the 
grandmother  of  Sir  Dudley  Digges), 
and  by  her  had  seven  sons  and  two 
daughters.  Before  a  great  Bible, 
printed  by  Rieliard  Jugge,  Queen's 
printer,  1574,  in  the  Archbishop's  own 
hand,  are  the  names  and  birthdays  of 
his  children,  which  he  had  by  his  said 
wife  Cicely,  and  were  all  living  Octo- 
ber 1,  1576,  viz.  :  — 

1.  "i.  Samuel  ^  Sandes  was  born  on 
December  28,  at  three  of  the  clock  in 
the  morning  in  the  year  of  our  Lord 
God,  1560.  His  godfathers,  Clement 
Throckmorton,  Esq.,  John  Redder, 
Dean  of  Worcester  ;  his  godmother, 
Mrs.  Anne  Berrow. 

2.  "  ii.  Edwin  ^  Sandes  was  born  [in 
Worcestershire]    on   December   9,  at 


992 


SANDYS 


six  of  the  clock  in  the.  morning,  in  the 
year  of  our  Lord  God,  15t>l.  His  god- 
fathers, Sir  Thomas  Russel,  Knt., 
Thomas  Blount,  Esq.;  liis  godmother: 
Mrs.  Margaret  Sheldon,  widow. 

"  iii.  Miles  ^  Saudes  was  born  on 
March  £9,  at  twelve  of  the  clock  in 
the  morning,  in  the  year  of  our  Lord 
God,  15o3.  His  godfathers.  Miles 
Sandes,  Esq.,  Thomas  Fleet,  Esq.;  his 
godmother,  Mrs.  Pedder. 

"  iv.  William  -^  Sandes  was  born  on 
September  13,  at  four  of  the  clock  in 
the  afternoon,  in  the  year  of  our  Lord 
1565.  His  godfathers,  William  Ligon, 
John  Littleton,  Esq.;  his  godmother, 
Mrs.  Joan  Perry. 

"  V.  Margaret  '^  Sandes  was  born  on 
December  22,  at  three  of  the  clock  in 
the  afternoon,  in  the  year  of  our  Lord 
God,  1566.  Her  godfather,  John  Fol- 
liot,  Esq. ;  her  godnaothers,  Lady  Mar- 
garet Russell,  Mrs.  Anne  Daston.  [She 
married  Anthony  Aucher,  Esq.] 

3.  "  vi.  Thomas  '^  Sandes  was  born  on 
December  3,  at  three  of  the  clock  in 
the  afternoon  in  1568.  His  godfath- 
ers: Sir  Thomas  Lucy,  Knt.,  Walter 
Blount,  Esq.;  his  godmother,  Mrs. 
Elizabeth  Packington.  [Sir  Thomas 
Lucy  is  Shakespeare's  "Mr.  Justice 
Shallow."] 

"  vii.  Anne  '^  Sandes  was  born  on  June 
21,  at  eight  of  the  clock  in  the  morn- 
ing, 1570.  Her  godfather,  John  Pack- 
ington, Esq.  ;  her  godmothers,  Mrs. 
Anne  W^ashbourne,  Mrs.  Anne  Colles. 
[She  married  William  Barnes,  Esq.] 

4.  "  viii.  Henry  '■^  Sandes  was  born  the 
last  day  of  September,  between  eight 
and  nine  of  the  clock  at  night  in  1572. 
His  godfathers,  Henry,  Earl  of  Hunt- 
ingdon, William  Lord  Sandes;  his  god- 
mother. Lady  Margaret  Tailboies.  Ila 
est  Edivhius,  London. 

5.  "  ix.  George  -  Sandes,  born  the  sec- 
ond day  of  March  at  six  of  the  clock 
in  the  morning  in  1577  \_L  e.,  1578,  N. 
S  ].  His  godfathers,  George  Clifford, 
Earl  of  Cumberland,  William  Lord 
Ewer  ;  his  godmother,  Catharine, 
Countess  of  Huntingdon." 

Sandys,  Sir  Edwin,  2.  Sub.  £75  ; 
pd.  £287  lUs.  (See  pedigree,  2.) 
Born  December  9,  1561  ;  admitted  a 
scholar  of  Corpus  Christi  College  in 
Oxford  un(Jer  the  tuition  of  Richard 
Hooker  in  September,  1577  ;  B.  A., 
October  16,  1579  ;  probationer  fellow 


of  that  college,  January  23,  1580  ; 
collated  to  the  prebend  of  Wetwang 
iu  the  Cathedral  of  York,  March  17, 
1582 ;  M.  A.,  June  5, 1583.  An  Edwin 
Sandys  (either  his  first  cousin  of  that 
name,  or  himself)  was  M.  P.  for  An- 
dover,  1586,  and  for  Plympton  in 
1588-89  and  1592-93.  He  afterwards 
traveled  into  foreign  countries  with 
his  old  friend  and  college-mate,  George 
Cranmer  (grandnephew  of  the  great 
archbishop.)  George  Cranmer  was 
killed  in  Ireland  in  1600.  His  broth- 
er, William  Cranmer,  deputy-governor 
of  the  Hamburgh  Company  at  Rotter- 
dam, joined  the  Va.  Co.  some  time 
after  1616. 

While  Sandys  was  at  Paris  in  1599, 
he  drew  up  a  tract,  which  was  after- 
wards published  under  the  title  of 
"  Europse  Speculum."  Returned  to 
England,  1599  ;  resigned  his  prebend. 
May,  1602  ;  entered  the  service  of 
King  James  in  Scotland,  it  seems,  and 
came  to  England  with  him,  by  whom 
he  was  knighted  at  the  Charterhouse, 
May  11,  1603,  "and  was  afterwards 
employed  by  his  majesty  in  several 
affairs  of  great  trust  and  importance." 
M.  P.  for  Stockbridge,  1604-11  ;  at 
the  head  of  the  committee  for  inves- 
tigating the  complaints  against  the 
trading  companies,  April,  1604.  His 
tract  "  Europie  Speculum,  A  Relation 
of  the  State  of  Religion  ...  in  the 
Severall  States  of  these  Western 
Parts  of  the  World"  was  entered  for 
publication  at  Stationers'  Hall,  June 
21,  1605,  and  on  November  2,  1605, 
"Sir  Edwin  Sandys's  books  were 
burned  in  Paul's  Church  Yard  by  order 
of  the  High  Commission."  M.  C.  for 
Va.,  March  9, 1607.  "  Jidy  3, 1007,  on 
the  motion  of  Sir  Edwin  Sandys,  a 
member  of  great  authoritj',  the  House 
of  Commons  entered  for  the  first  time 
an  order  for  the  regular  keeping  of 
their  journals."  M.  C.  for  Va.  Co., 
May  23,  1609. 

Hume  says  :  "  At  that  time  men  of 
genius  and  enlarged  minds  had  adopted 
the  principles  of  liberty  which  were, 
as  yet,  pretty  much  unknown  to  the 
generality  of  the  people.  Sir  Mat- 
thew Hales  has  published  a  remon- 
strance against  the  king's  conduct 
towards  the  Parliament  during  this 
session  [1604^11].  The  remonstrance 
is  drawn  with  srreat   force   of  reason- 


SANDYS 


993 


ing  and  spirit  of  liberty,  and  was  the 
prodiiL'tiou  of  Sir  Francis  Bacon  and  Sir 
Edsvin  Sanilys,  two  men  of  the  greatest 
parts  and  knowledge  in  England." 

The  king  granted  him  the  Manor 
of  Northbourne  and  otheivs  in  Kent, 
March  12,  IGU.  M.  P.  for  Rochester, 
1014  ;  of  the  E.  I.  Co.  prior  to  1614. 
"  Dr.  Goulston,  at  the  re(|uest  of  Sir 
Edwin  Sandys,  whose  life  he  had 
saved,"  was  admitted  gratis  into  the 
E.  I.  Co.,  Angiist  4,  lOil.  Of  the  S. 
I.  Co.,  June  29,  1(315,  and  Sandys 
Tribe  in  that  island  was  named  for 
him.  "  In  regard  of  Sir  Thomas 
Smythe's  sicknes  and  otlier  imploy- 
ments,  Sir  Edwin  was  chosen  as  his 
Assistant  in  the  management  of  the 
affairs  of  the  Va.  Co.,  and  he  did  in 
a  manner  wholie  supplie  Smythe's 
place "  from  early  in  1G17  to  April 
28,  1619.  During  this  time  the  Puri- 
tans of  Leyden,  about  September, 
1617,  sent  two  messengers  to  consult 
him  regarding  the  settlement  in  Vir- 
ginia of  the  members  of  that  church. 
"  They  found  the  Va.  Co.  in  general 
well  disposed  thereto,  and  gained  an 
active  friend  in  Sir  Edwin  Sandys, 
whose  brother,  Sir  Samuel  Sandys,  the 
lessee  of  Scrooby  Manor,  was  a  firm 
advocate  of  toleration  "  (see  "  Narra- 
tive and  Critical  History  of  America," 
vol.  iii.  pp.  264,  265).  He  succeeded 
Sir  Thomas  Smythe  (whom  see)  as 
treasurer  of  the  Va.  Co.,  April  28, 
1619,  and  was  himself  succeeded  in 
that  office  bv  the  Earl  of  Southamp- 
ton, June  28,"  1620.  Late  in  1620  Sir 
Edwin  Sandys  was  chosen  to  represent 
Sandwich  in  the  Parliament  of  1621- 
22,  after  a  "  tumultuous  election." 
This  borough  had  been  represented  by 
Sir  Thomas  Smythe,  and  Sandys  made 
the  E.  I.  Co.  an  issue  in  the  canvass  ; 
he  told  the  voters  that  "  the  East 
Indies  Company  was  a  pernicious  mat- 
ter to  them  and  to  the  whole  kingdom, 
and  that  he  was  against  it."  The 
Parliament  met  January  30,  16_^,  and 
Sir  Edwin  took  a  noted  part  in  its 
celebrated  acts.  He  had  drafted  two 
of  the  former  Virginia  charters,  and 
on  February  22,  162 'J,  he  notified  the 
company  that  he  was  preparing  a  new 
patent,  making  some  changes.  It 
seems  that  Johu  Selden  was  his  coun- 
sel in  preparing  this  patent.  The  Va. 
Co.  gave   him  twenty  shares  in  Vir- 


ginia, May  2,  1621.  June  16,  1621, 
Selden  and  himself  were  committed 
to  the  custody  of  the  sheriit's  of  Lon- 
don, and  not  released  until  the  18th  of 
July  following.  This  happened  during 
a  recess  ;  and  when  the  House  of  Com- 
mons assembled  again  in  November, 
1621,  many  were  indignant  at  the  con- 
finement of  the  members  ;  but  Pym 
and  tlie  other  committeemen  were  told 
that  "  neither  Sandys  uor  Selden  had 
been  imprisoned  for  any  Pailiament 
matter."  Peckard's  Ferrar  says  that 
"the  matter  was  the  Virginia  busi- 
ness." Wodenoth,  in  his  "  Short  Col- 
lection," says,  "  In  the  conclusion  of 
a  broken  Parliament  by  King  James, 
both  the  Earl  of  Southampton  and  Sir 
Edwin  Sandys  were  committed  close 
prisoners  upon  private  assumed  sug- 
gestions, which  struck  some  terrour 
into  most  undertakers  for  Virginia." 
In  "a  note  which  Sir  Nathaniel  Rich 
presently  took  of  Capt.  Bargrave's 
discourse  concerning  Sir  E.  Sandys." 
"  The  purport  is  that  Sandys  was  op- 
posed to  monarchical  government  in 
general  :  had  moved  the  Archbishop 
of  Canterbury  to  give  leave  to  the 
Brownists  and  Separatists  to  go  to 
Virginia,  and  designed  to  make  a  free 
popular  state  there,  and  himself  and 
his  assured  friends  to  be  leaders." 
These  matters,  whatever  they  were, 
were  kept  strictly  private,  and  there- 
fore but  little  is  really  known  about 
them  ;  but  it  seems  from  the  proposed 
new  charter  of  February,  the  impris- 
onment of  June,  and  from  these  pas- 
sages, that  something  was  in  the  air. 
Were  "  speculative  reasoners,  already 
beginning  to  foretell  that  these  remote 
colonies,  after  draining  their  mother- 
country  of  inhabitants,  would  shake 
off  her  yoke  ?  "  Was  the  seed  of  our 
Revolution  planted  with  the  colonies  ? 

The  discussion  of  the  factions  in  the 
Va.  Co.  would  be  too  long  for  these 
biographies  ;  but  as  the  matter  cannot 
be  entirely  overlooked,  I  shall  say 
something  of  tlicse  troubles  in  the 
sketch  of  Sir  Thomas  Smythe. 

The  election  for  members  of  Parlia^ 
nient,  held  in  Kent  in  Januar\',  1624, 
was  another  "  tunudtuous  election." 
Sandys  defeated  Sir  Dudley  Digges. 
The  cry  of  his  party  was  "  that  Sir 
Nicholas  Tufton  was  a  papist,  and 
Digges  a  royalist,  and  it  was  thought 


994 


SANDYS 


this  would  incense  the  king  more  to- 
ward Sandys  than  ever."  He  was  M. 
P.  for  Kent,  February,  1G24,  to  March, 

1625.  Coke  and  Sandys  laid  the 
charges  against  Middlesex  before  the 
Peers,  April  15,  1Gl4.  The  Virginia 
charter  was  declared  void  June  16, 
1624.     M.   P.   for   Penryn,   1625  and 

1626.  He  died  in  October,  1629,  and 
was  interred  in  the  church  of  North- 
bourne  in  Kent,  "  where  he  had  a  seat 
and  estate  granted  to  him  by  King 
James  for  some  service  which  he  had 
done  his  majesty  upon  his  accession  to 
the  crown  of  England."  He  be- 
queathed £1,500  to  the  University  of 
Oxford  for  the  endowment  of  a  meta- 
physical lecture.  He  married  four 
times  :  first,  to  Margaret,  daughter  of 
John  Eveleigh,  Esq.,  of  Devonshire 
(issue,  a  daughter) ;  secondly,  to  Anne 
Southcott  (issue,  a  daughter);  thirdly, 
to  Elizabeth  Nevinson  (no  issue)  ; 
fourthly,  to  Catharine,  daughter  of 
Sir  Richard  Bulkeley,  and  by  her  (who 
died  in  1640)  had,  with  other  issue, 
five  sons,  all  of  whom,  save  one,  ad- 
hered to  the  Parliament  interest  dur- 
ing the  civil  wars.  (See  the  sketches 
of  his  sons,  Edwin,  Henry,  and  Rich- 
ard, in  this  Dictionary.) 


c^ 


wvyn  ^Ktn^:^ 


-^-^w/ 


Sandys,  Edwin,  son  of  Sir  Edwin, 
3.  Sub. ;  pd. .  Of  North- 
bourne  Court  in  Kent ;  was  a  colonel 
in  the  Parliament's  army  ;  received  a 
mortal  wound  at  the  battle  of  Worces- 
ter, and  died  in  1642.  He  married 
Catherine,  daughter  of  Richard 
Champneys,  Esq.,  of  Hall  Place,  Kent, 
and  his  daughter,  Catherine  Sandys, 
married,  in  1677,  Thomas  Bland,  son 
of  John  Bland  (whom  sec),  and  elder 
brother  to  Col.  Theodorick  Bland  of 
Virginia. 

Sandys,   George,    gent.,  2.     Sub. 

;    pd. .      Probably   the    Sir 

George  Sandys,  who  was  hanged  at 
Wapping  in  March,  1618,  for  taking 
purses  on  the  highway,  having  been 
formerly  pardoned  for  like  offenses. 
In  August,  1616,  lie  (with  others)  had 
been  convicted  for  highway  robberies 


at  Kensington,  of  twelve  or  thirteen 
persons  in  an  evening.  A  real  "  knight 
of  the  road." 

Sandys,  George,  esquire,  3.     Sub. 

;  pd.  £12  10s.     Youngest  son  of 

the  Archbishop  (see  pedigree,  5) ;  en- 
tered Oxford  University,  1589  ;  trav- 
eled through  parts  of  Europe,  Asia, 
and  Afi'ica,  May,  1610,  to  the  autumn 
of  1611  ;  joined  the  Va.  Co.  ;  pub- 
lished the  account  of  his  travels,  dedi- 
cated to  Prince  Charles,  1615,  and 
lived  to  see  sever.al  editions  issue  from 
the  press  ;  a  candidate  for  governor 
of  the  Bermudas,  but  was  defeated  by 
Capt.  Nathaniel  Butler,  1619,  after 
which  he  assigned  his  two  shares  in 
those  islands  to  others.  January  29, 
1621,  he  transferred  two  shares  in 
Virginia  to  Sir  Francis  Weyneman. 
He  had  published  a  first  edition  of  the 
first  five  books  of  Ovid  some  time 
prior  to  1621  ;  in  that  year  a  second 
edition  was  issued.  In  April,  1621, 
he  was  chosen  treasurer  of  the  colony 
in  Virginia,  and  afterwards  appointed 
to  be  of  the  council  there.  He  arrived 
in  Virginia  in  the  fall  of  1621,  and 
remained  (possibly  not  continuously) 
until  1628,  and  probably  after.  After 
the  dissolution  of  the  Va.  Co.,  he  was 
appointed  to  the  Council  in  Virginia 
by  James  I.  on  August  26,  1624,  and 
by  Charles  I  on  March  4,  1626,  and 
March  22, 161.8.  King  Charles  granted 
him  special  license  to  publish  his  trans- 
lation into  English  verse  of  the  fifteen 
books  of  Ovid's  "  Metamorphoses," 
"  the  better  to  encourage  him  and  oth- 
ers to  employ  their  labors  and  studies 
in  good  literature,"  on  April  24,  1626. 
The  first  edition  of  these  fifteen  books 
(the  first  five  books  having  been  twice 
printed),  dedicated  to  King  Charles, 
appeared  in  16:16,  and  was  followed  by 
other  editions  in  1627,  1632,  1640,  etc. 

On  the  special  commission  for  the 
better  plantation  of  Virginia,  June  27, 
1631,  and  "  having  spent  the  ripest  of 
his  years  in  the  public  employment  in 
Virginia,"  understanding  that  his  maj- 
esty resolved  to  govern  Virginia  by  a 
commission,  he  petitioned  for  the  ap- 
pointment of  secretary  to  the  commis- 
sion. The  date  of  this  petition  is  un- 
certain ;  but  Mr.  Sainsbury  assigns  it 
to  "  1631  ?  ". 

King  Charles  granted  him  a  special 
license  to  print  and  sell  his  pai-aphrase 


SANDYS 


995 


of  the  Psalms  of  David  and  other 
hymns  dispersed  through  the  Old  and 
New  Testaments,  on  December  4, 
1635.  Published  "  At  the  Hell  in  St. 
Panl's  Churchyard,  IGoli.  Cum  Priv- 
ilegio  Kegite  Majestatis."  Dedicated 
to  the  king  and  queen  ;  with  a  com- 
plimentary poem,  prehxed  from  Lu- 
cius Cary,  Viscount  Falkland,  "  To 
my  Noble  Frend,  Mr.  Geoi-ge  Sandys, 
upon  his  excellent  Paraphrase  of  the 
Psalms."  Under  the  different  title 
of  "  A  Paraphrase  upon  the  Divine 
Poems,"  a  second  edition,  with  addi- 
tions, was  issued  in  1(338,  and  a  third 
edition  in  10  i8 

"  Christs  Passion  [by  Grotins].  A 
Tragedy.  With  Annotations.  By 
George  Sandys.  London,  printed  .  .  . 
1G40." 

"  A  Paraphrase  upon  the  Song  of 
Solomon.  Written  by  G[eorge]. 
S[andvs].  and  Dedicated  to  the 
Queen'es  ]\Lijesty.  Oxford,  1611." 
Ditto;  "London,  Printed  by  John  Le- 
gatt,  1641."  Ditto;  "  London,  printed 
for  H.  S.  and  W.  L.,  1642." 

After  his  return  from  Virginia  he 
was  appointed  a  gentleman  of  the 
king's  privy  chamber  ;  but  I  do  not 
know  the  date  of  his  return.  In  1638 
there  was  another  determined  effort 
made  to  rec'stablisli  the  old  Virginia 
Company,  and  when  this  became  known 
in  Virginia,  the  Assembly  there,  ia 
1639,  appointed  George  Sandys  their 
agent  in  England,  with  particular  in- 
structions to  oppose  the  reestablish- 
ment  of  the  company  and  to  give  the 
Assembly  in  Virginia  the  earliest  in- 
telligence of  their  machinations,  etc.; 
but  whether  he  was  sent  from  Vir- 
ginia at  this  time  for  this  purpose,  or 
whether  he,  being  already  in  England, 
was  so  selected,  I  do  not  know.  How- 
ever, he  mistook  "his  advice  and  in- 
structions from  the  said  Assembly," 
and  presented  a  petition  to  the  House 
of  Commons,  in  the  name  of  the  .\d- 
venturers  and  Planters  in  Virginia, 
for  restoring  the  letters  patent  to  the 
company.  When  tlie  Assembly  hearrl 
of  this,  on  April  1,  1642,  they  met  and 
passed  a  solemn  declaration  against 
the  company,  etc.  (See  "  Va.  Hist. 
Register,"  vol.  i.  No.  IV.  pp.  153- 
161;  Hening's  "  Va.  Statutes  at 
Large,"  vol.  i'.  pp.  230-236.)  On  July 
5,  1642,  the  king  answered  this  decla- 


ration, giving  every  assurance  to  the 
colony  against  the  company.  Sandys 
died  in  the  beginning  of  March,  1644, 
at  Bexley  Abbey  in  Kent,  the  .-^eat  of 
his  niece,  the  widow  of  Governor 
Wyatt  of  Virginia,  and  was  interred 
in  the  chancel  of  the  church  of  Bex- 
ley,  Marcii  7,  164-1. 

Sandys,  Henry,  esquire,  2.     Sub. 

;  pd.  £25.     The  sixth  son  of  the 

archbishop  (see  pedigree,  4). 

Sandys,  Henry,  son  of  Sir  Edwin, 

3.      Sub. ;    pd.  .     March    7, 

1623,  Sir  Edwin  Sandys  transferred 
to  Mr.  Henry  Sandys,  his  son,  five 
shares  in  the  A'irginia  entei'prise. 

Sandys,  Richard,  esquire,  2.    Sub, 

;    pd. .     Son  of    Sir  Edwin; 

he  jiurchased  Downehall  in  Kent  ; 
was  deputy  governor  of  the  B.  I.  Co. 
in  1647  ;  was  a  colonel  in  the  Par- 
liament's army.  He  married  Hes- 
ter, daughter  of  Edwin  Aucher,  sec- 
ond son  of  Anthony  Auclier,  Esq.,  of 
Bourne, 

Sandys,  Sir  Samuel,  2.  Sub.  £37 
10s,;  pd.  £87  10.  Eldest  son  of  the 
archbishop  (see  pedigree,  1);  born  De- 
cember 28,  1560;  inherited  from  his 
father  the  manor  of  Ombersley,  in  the 
countv  of  Worcester;  M,  P.  for  Ripon, 
1586-87;  knighted  at  Whitehall,  July 
23,  1603  ;  ]\I.  P.  for  Worcestershire, 
1609-1611;  M.  C.  for  A^a.  Co.,  1612; 
member  S.  I.  Co.,  1615  ;  sheriff  of 
Worcestershire  in  1618,  and  M.  P. 
for  that  county  in  1614,  and  1621-22; 
in  the  latter  Parliament  lie  was  in- 
volved in  the  same  troubles  as  his 
brother.  Sir  Edwin.  In  May,  1622, 
he  gave  his  son.  Sir  Edwin,  a  share  of 
land  in  Virginia.  March  30,  1623,  his 
brother  George  wrote  him  a  long  let- 
ter from  Virginia.  He  died  August 
18, 1623,  and  lies  buried  at  Wickham- 
ford,  on  the  north  side  of  the  chancel, 
under  a  monument  of  alabaster,  sup- 
ported by  five  pillars  of  tonchstone. 

He  married,  about  l.~)8(),  Mercy, 
daugiiter  of  Martin  Culpeper,  Esq., 
and  had  issue  four  sons  and  seven 
daughters;  one  of  the  daughters  mar- 
ried Sir  Francis  ^V'yatt,  sometime  gov- 
ernor of  Virginia,  and  anotiier  married 
(so  it  is  said)  Sir  Ferdinando  Wenman, 
who  died  in  Virginia.  Sir  Edwin,  the 
eldest  son,  who  was  afterwards  of  the 
Va.  Co.,  was  the  father  of  Samuel 
Sandys,  Esq.,  who  married  Elizabeth, 


996 


SANDYS  —  SCOTT 


daughter  of  Sir  John  Packington,  and 
widow  of  Col.  Henry  Washington,  the 
first  cousin  to  John,  the  emigrant  an- 
cestor of  Gen.  George  Washington. 

Sandys,  Thomas,  esquire,  2.    Suh. 

;    pd.    £25.     Fifth    sou    of    the 

archbishop  (see  pedigree,  3).  He 
was  of  London,  where  he  was  still  liv- 
ing at  the  Herald's  Visitation  of  1633— 
34,  when  he  recorded  his  pedigree. 
He  married  "  Margaret,  daughter  of 
Robert  Tyas  of  the  Wardrob  Clarke 
Comptroller  there."  His  eldest  son, 
Robert  Sandys,  married  Alice,  daugh- 
ter of  Mr.  Lawrence  Washington  of 
Sulgrave,  and  aunt  to  Col.  John 
Washington,  the  emigrant  ancestor  of 
Genei'al  George. 

It  is  very  interesting  to  note  this 
relationshij)  between  the  Washingtons 
and  the  son  of  "  Mr.  Justice  Shal- 
low's "  godson. 

Sarmiento.     See  Gondomar. 

Savage,  Thomas.  Born  about 
1594;  arrived  in  Virginia  January  2, 
1608,  and  was  soon  after  exchanged 
with  Powhatan  for  Namontack  ;  re- 
mained with  the  Indians  about  three 
years  ;  with  Hamor  as  interpreter  in 
May,  1614.  He  traded  with  the  In- 
dians and  was  long  an  interpreter  for 
the  colony.  In  1620  he  sent  a  rela- 
tion to  the  Va.  Co.  of  a  great  trade 
in  furs  by  Frenchmen  to  the  north- 
ward. In  1625  he  was  living  on  his 
"  divident  "  on  the  Eastern  Shore  of 
Virginia  with  his  wife  Ann  and  two 
servants.  The  date  of  his  death  is 
not  known  to  me.  The  Indians  called 
him  "  Thomas  Newport."  At  April 
court,  1668,  Northam^iton  County, 
Va.,  "  the  deposition  of  William  Jones, 
aged  59,  sayeth  that  being  at  Colonel 
Robins,  deceased  about  four  or  five  and 
tliirty  years  since  (when  Laughing 
King  came  annually  to  visit  said 
Robins  in  the  spring),  was  desired  by 
Colonel  Robins  to  ask  the  said  King, 
whose  land  such  a  neck  of  land  was  ? 
and  the  King  replied  that  he  had 
given  the  south  side  of  Wessaponson 
to  bis  son,  Thomas  Newport."  Savage 
evidently  lived  in  favor  with  the  In- 
dians, being  called  sou  botli  by  Pow- 
hatan and  the  Laughing  King.  He 
left  two  sons:  Thomas,  who  was  alive 
in  1652,  but  seems  to  have  died  with- 
out issue,  and  a  younger  son,  John 
Savage   (a  Burgess  in  1666,  died  in 


1678),  who  married,  first,  Ann  Elking- 
ton,  and  had  by  her  two  daughters: 
Susanna  (married  fii'st  to  John  Ken- 
dall and  secondly  to  Henry  Warren) 
and  Grace  (married  George  Corbin). 
John  Savage  married,  secondly,  Mary 
Robins,  by  whom  three  sons  and  two 
daughters.  Nathaniel  Littleton  Sav- 
age of  the  revolutionary  conventions 
was  a  descendant  of  "  Ancient  Thomas 
Savage." 

Scarpe,  John,  gent.,  2.     Sub. ; 

pd.  £12  10s.  Went  to  Virginia;  was 
lieutenant  of  Jamestown  in  1614. 

Scott  Pedigree.  (Extract.)  Sir 
Reginald  i  Scott  of  Scot's  Hall, 
Kent;  captain  of  the.  castles  of  Calais 
and  Sangatte  ;  high  sherifi^  of  Kent, 
1541-42  ;  was  principally  engaged 
abroad  in  military  service  ;  died  De- 
cember 16,  1554.  He  married,  first, 
Emmeline,  daughter  of  Sir  William 
Kempe,  of  Ollantigh,  Kent  and  had  by 
her  Sir  Thomas  ^  (see  hereafter),  and 
two  daughters.  He  married,  secondly 
Mary,  daughter  to  Sir  Bryan  Tuke,  of 
Layer  Marney  in  Essex,  secretary  to 
Cardinal  Wolsey,  and  had  by  her 
Mary,  who  married  Richard  Argall 
(see  Argall  pedigree),  and  three  other 
daughters,  and  Charles  '^  and  four 
other  sons.  Charles  '^  was  of  I]gerton 
in  Godinersham  ;  he  married  Jane, 
daughter  of  Sir  Thomas  Wyatt,  of 
Allington  Castle,  Kent  (minister  tevip. 
Henry  VIII. ;  beheaded,  second  Mary), 
bj'  Jane,  daughter  of  Sir  William 
Hawte,  of  Kent.  Mrs.  Jane  Scott 
was  sister  to  George  Wyatt  of  Bexley 
(see  Sir  Moyle  Finch). 

Sir  Thomas  ^  Scott,  eldest  son  of 
Sir  Reginald,  was  a  distinguished  man; 
sheriff  of  Kent,  1576  ;  knight  of  the 
shire  in  Parliaments  of  1571  and  1586; 
commander-in-chief  of  the  Kentish 
forces  assembled  on  North  bourne 
Downs  in  1588,  to  repeal  the  threat- 
ened S])anish  invasion  ;  died  Decem- 
ber 30,  1594.  He  married,  first,  Eliz- 
abeth, daugliter  of  Sir  John  Baker,  by 
whom  he  had  a  very  large  family;  ac- 
cording to  some  accounts,  17  children. 
It  will  only  be  necessary  to  mention  a 
few  of  them. 

1.  Thomas  Scott,  eldest  son,  mar- 
ried, first,  Mary  KnatchbuU;  secondly, 
Elizabeth  Honywood. 

2.  Sir  John  Scott,  of  Nettlested, 
second  son. 


SCOTT 


997 


3.  Richard  Scott,  who  mariiecl 
Catherine,  daughter  of  Sir  Rowland 
Hay  ward. 

4.  Elizabeth  Scott,  married,  first, 
John  Knatchbull;  secondly,  Sir  Rich- 
ard Sniythe. 

5.  Euieline  Scott,  married  Robert 
Edolpe. 

G.  Mary  Scott,  married,  first,  An- 
thony St.  Leger  (see  Sir  Warham 
St.  Leger),  and,  secondly,  Alexander 
Culpeper,  of  Wigsell. 

7.  Anthony  Scott,  who  may  be  En- 
sign Anthony  Scott. 

Sir  John  Baker  (the  father  of 
Elizabeth,  who  married,  Sir  Thomas  ^ 
Scott)  was  the  speaker  of  the  first 
Parliament  of  Edward  VI.  (1547- 
loo2),  which  was  the  fii-st  thoroughly 
Protestant  Parliament.  His  second 
son,  John  Baker,  married  Catherine 
Scott  (the  sister  of  Sir  Thomas  Scott, 
aforesaid),  and  they  were  the  parent 
of  Sir  Richard  Baker,  the  chronicler. 

Scott,  Anthony.  Ensign;  possi- 
bly son  of  Sir  Thomas  (see  pedigree, 7). 

Scott,    Edmund,    3.      Sub. ; 

pd.  £25.  Fifth  sou  of  Thomas  Scot, 
of  Sevenock,  by  his  wife  Margery, 
daughter  of  Thomas  Clerke,  of  Ford, 
County  Kent  ;  was  in  the  East  In- 
dies, February  2,  1603,  to  October  G, 
1605,  aud  in  1606  published  an  ac- 
count of  what  he  saw  there;  of  the  E. 
I.  and  X.  W.  P.  companies. 

Scott,  Elizabeth,  widow,  3.     Sub. 

£37  10s.  ;  pd. .  Widow  of  Thomas 

Scott,  gent,  (whom  see)  ;  lived  at 
Bene  in  Xewington,  near  Hythe,  aud 
died  there,  without  issue,  aged  60,  in 
1627  ;  and  was  buried  in  Brabourue 
Church  where  her  tomb  remains. 

Scott,  George,  of  London,  grocer. 
Sub.  £37  10s. ;  pd.  £125.  Of  St.  Mary 
Woolchurch;  fourth  sou  of  Thomas  of 
Sevenock,  aud  brother  of  Edmund. 
He  married,  in  1602,  Elizabeth,  daugh- 
ter of  Sir  Thomas  Campbell,  lord 
mavor,  and  sister  of  Sir  James  Camp- 
bell; was  of  the  E.  I.  and  X.  W.  P. 
companies.  In  1616  he  gave  to  St. 
Mary  Woolchurch  Haw  "  the  clock 
to  strike  on  the  great  bell,  and  with 
two  dyales,  one  towards  the  streate, 
the  other  within  the  church."  He 
was  elected  M.  C.  for  Va.  Co.  in 
June,  1623. 

Scott,  Sir  John,  2.  Sub.  £75; 
pd. .     (See  Scott  pedigree,  2.)    Of 


Xettlested  Place,  Kent,  second  son  of 
Sir  Thomas  Scott,  kuiglit,  of  .Scot's 
Hall,  by  his  first  wife,  Elizabeth, 
daughter  of  Sir  John  Baker  (attor- 
ney-general to  Henry  VUL),  and 
heir  of  liis  elder  brother,  'J  houias 
Scott,  gent.  He  was  knighted  in  the 
Low  Countries  in  1588  by  Lord  W  il- 
longhby,  under  whom  he  served  as 
captain  of  a  band  of  lancei's;  captain 
in  the  voyage  to  the  Azores  in  1507; 
implicated  in  the  rising  of  Essex, 
1601;  M.  P.  for  Kent,  1604-11;  M.  C. 
for  Va.,  March  0, 1607;  M.  C.  for  Va. 
Co.,  May  23,  1609. 

In  1609  Decker  dedicated  the 
Phoenix  to  Sarah,  wife  of  Sir  Thomas 
Smith,  and  to  Catharine,  wife  to  Sir 
John  Scott,  signing  himself  "  Hum- 
bly devoted  to  your  Ladvships,  Tiios 
Dekker."  M.  P.  Maidstone,  1614. 
Sir  John  Scott  died  September  24, 
1616,  and  was  buried  in  Brabourue 
Church,  Kent.  He  was  twice  mar- 
ried, but  died  without  issue.  His  first 
wife  was  Elizabeth,  widow  of  Sir  Wil- 
liam Drury,  aud  daughter  of  Sir  Wil- 
liam Stafford  by  his  wife.  Lady  Doro- 
thy, who  was  the  daughter  of  Henry 
Lord  Stafford,  only  son  of  Edward, 
last  Duke  of  Buckingham  of  that  line, 
who  was  beheaded  in  1521.  Lady 
Elizabeth  Stafford,  born  iu  1544,  was 
lady  of  the  bedchamber  to  Queen 
Elizabeth;  by  h^r  first  husband  she 
was  mother  of  Sir  Robert,  Sir  Drue, 
aud  William  Drury,  and  four  daugh- 
ters; by  her  second  husband,  whom  she 
married  about  1578,  she  left  no  issue; 
she  died  February  6, 1598,  and  Sir  John 
Scott  married,  second!}',  prior  to  Sep- 
tember 17,  1599,  Catharine,  daughter 
of  ]Mr.  Customer  Smythe,  and  widow 
of  Sir  Rowland  Hayward.  She  sur- 
vived Sir  John  about  six  months,  and 
died  early  iu  1617,  aged  fifty-six. 

Scott,  Thomas,  gent.,  2.  Sub. 
£37  10s.  ;  pd.  £-50.  Eldest  son  of  Sir 
Thomas  Scott  (see  pedigree,  1);  cap- 
tain of  a  troop  of  lancers  in  the  Kent- 
ish forces  in  1.588  and  1589;  sheriff'  of 
Kent,  43  Elizabeth  ;  a  commissioner 
for  the  survey-  of  crown  lands  in  Kent, 
1608  ;  died  prior  to  1611  ;  heir,  his 
brother.  Sir  John  (aforesaid).  His 
widow,  Elizabeth  (whom  see),  was 
daughter  of  Thomas  Honywood,  of 
Sene,  by  his  wife,  Margaret  Beding^ 
field,  of  Bellaview,  Kent. 


998 


SCRIVENER  —  SEYMOUR 


Scrivener,    Matthew,    2.       Sub. 

;  pd.  £100.     Arrived  in  Virginia 

with  Newport  in  January,  1608  ;  a 
member  of  the  Coiuieil  in  Virginia  ;  in 
the  ex2)edition  up  York  River  in  Feb- 
ruary, 1608  ;  possibly  acting  president 
of  the  council,  July  to  September, 
1608,  and  in  January,  1609,  at  which 
time  he  was  drowned  in  James  River. 

(He  must  have  been  a  man  of  means, 
as  he  contributed  a  sum  about  equal  to 
$2,500  of  our  money  to  the  enterprise. 
The  Rev.  Richard  Hakluyt  mentions 
in  his  will,  "  Mr.  John  Scrivener,  late 
of  Barbican  in  the  suburbs  of  the 
cittie  of  London."  Scrivener  is  not  a 
very  common  family  name,  and  1  in- 
fer that  the  aforesaid  Matthew  and 
John  were  members  of  the  same  fam- 
ily, and  that  they  were  probably  related 
to  the  Rev.  Richard  Hakluyt.) 

Scudamore,  Sir  James,  3.     Sub. 

£37;    pd.  .      Of     Holme    Lacy, 

Hereford  ;  son  of  Sir  John  Scuda- 
more, the  "  Sir  Scudamore  "  of  Spen- 
ser's "  Faerie  Queene  ; "  M.  P.  for 
County  Hereford,  1604-11  and  1614; 
probably  died  soon  after ;  married,  in 
1599,  Mary,  daughter  of  Sir  Thomas 
Throckmorton,  and  widow  of  Sir 
Thomas  Baskerville  (see  Throckmor- 
ton pedigree),  by  whom  he  was  the 
father  of  Sir  John  Scudamore. 

Scudamore,  Sir  John.    Sub. ; 

pd. .  Son  of  Sir  James,  afore- 
said ;  created  a  baronet  June  1,  161^0  ; 
M.  P.  County  Hereford,  1621-22  and 
1624-25,  and  for  Hereford,  1625  and 
1628  ;  created  Viscount  Scudamore, 
July  5,  1628.  His  aunt,  the  widow  of 
Sir  Thomas  Dale,  gave  him  by  will, 
in  1640,  a  ring  valued  at  £60.  "  He 
died  universally  lamented,  in  the 
seventy-first  year  of  his  age,  June  8, 
1671." 

Sebright  (or  Seabright),  Wil- 
liam, escjuire,  2.     Sub. ;  pd.  £12 

10s.  Of  the  Inner  Temple  ;  eldest 
son  of  Edward  Sebright  of  Blakeshall, 
in  the  county  of  Worcester,  by  his 
wife  Joyce,  daughter  to  William  (4ros- 
venor,  Esq.  ;  town  clerk  of  London, 
May  25, 1574,  to  April  27,  1613  ;  twice 
married,  but  left  no  issue.  His  second 
wife,  Elizabeth,  daughter  of  James 
Morley,  was  the  widow  of  Thomas 
Bourcher,  and  by  him  motlier  of  Sir 
James  Bourclier,  the  father  of  Eliza- 
beth,   wife   of   Oliver   Cromwell,   the 


Protector.  William  Sebright  died  at 
his  house  in  Lombard  Street,  October 
27,  1620  (or  October  28,  1629),  and 
was  buried  in  the  Church  of  St.  Ed- 
mund the  King.  He  left  property 
for  the  foundation  of  a  free  grammar 
school  at  Wolvei'lej',  and  to  sundry 
other  charities.  His  niece  Sara  mar- 
ried Sir  Thomas  Coventry. 

Seckford,    Sir    Henry,    2.     Sub. 

;  pd. .     Of  Suffolk;  knighted 

at  the  Charterhouse  May  11,  1603  ; 
"  Master  of  Tents  and  Toils."  Died 
before  March,  1611. 

Seely,  Captain  Thomas.  Prob- 
ably Capt.  Thomas  Ceelye  of  Bideford, 
second  son  of  Christopher  Ceely  of 
Plymouth  ;  but  see  Froude's  "  History 
of  England,"  vol.  viii.  pp.  452-455. 

Selden,    John.      Sub.  ;    pd. 

• .  The  celebrated  lawyer  and  anti- 
quary ;  author  of  "  History  of  Tithes," 
etc.  He  served  on  several  committees 
for  revising  the  laws,  etc.,  of  theVa.  Co. 
of  London.  October  22,  1622,  the  N.  E. 
Council  consulted  Mr.  Robert  Johnson 
and  himself  concerning  the  heads  of 
"  ye  new  Grand  Pattent." 

M.  P.  Lancaster,  1624-25  ;  Great 
Bed  win,  1625  and  1626  ;  Ludgers- 
hall,  lGl.8-29,  and  Oxford  L'niversity, 
1640-53  ;  died  in  London,  November 
30, 1654,  aged  72;  buried  in  the  Temple 
Church. 

Seyer  —  Sayer,  Thomas,  gent.,  2. 

Sub. ;    pd.    £12    10s.     Probably 

Thomas  Sayer,  of  Bowton  in  Suffolk, 
a  younger  brother  of  Sir  George  Sayer, 
who  received  the  honor  of  knighthood 
June  4,  1607. 

Tliis  family  name  also  occurs  as 
Sears. 

Seymour,  Ed'ward,  esquire.  Of 
Berry  Pomeroy,  County  Devon;  grand- 
son of  the  first  Duke  of  Somerset  ; 
M.  P.  for  Devonshire,  1592-93,  1601, 
and  1604-11  ;  M.  C.  for  Va.,  March  9, 
1607  ;  created  a  baronet,  June  29, 
1611  ;  died  April  11,  1613.  He  mar- 
ried, in  1576,  Elizabeth,  daughter  of  Sir 
Arthur  Champernoune,  knight,  of  Dart- 
ington,  in  Devonshire,  and  was  suc- 
ceeded by  his  eldest  son. 

Sir  Edward  Seymour,  second  bar- 
onet ;  knighted  at  Greenwich,  May  22, 
1603;  returned  to  two  Parliaments  by 
the  county  of  Devon,  in  the  reign  of 
James  I.  ;  member  of  the  N.  E. 
Council   in   1620 ;   married    Dorothj', 


SEYMOUR  —  SHEFFIELD 


999 


daughter  of  Sir  Henry  Killigrew,  of 
Laroch  in  Cornwall,  and,  dying  in 
1659,  left  a  large  family. 

Seymour,  Rev.  Richard.  He  was 
the  youngest  son  of  Sir  Edward  Sey- 
mour who  died  in  Kilo,  and  brother  of 
Sir  Edward  Seymour,  seeond  baronet. 

Shacley  (Sheckley,  ete.),  "Wil- 
liam, haberdasher,  '_'.     Sub. ;  pd. 

£25.  June  24, 1G19,  he  transferred  his 
two  shares  in  Virginia  to  Oliver  St. 
John. 

Shakespeare,  "William,  poet. 
Baptized  at  Stratford-upon-Avon, 
April  26,  1561;  married  Anne  Hath- 
away about  November,  1582  ;  went  to 
London  about  1586  ;  retired  to  Strat- 
ford probably  about  1604  ;  died  at 
Stratford,  April  23,  1616. 

Shanois.     See  Chanoyes. 

Sharp,   William,   2.     Sub.  ; 

pd.  £'Io.  Went  to  Virginia  in  1611; 
still  living  there  in  16.5. 

Sheffield,  Edmund  Lord,  2.  Sub. 
;  pd.  £140.  .John  Sherlield,  sec- 
ond Baron  Sheffield  (who  died  in 
1569),  married  Douglas,  daughter  of 
William  Lord  Howard  of  Effingham, 
by  whom  (who  married,  secondly, 
Robert  Dudley,  Earl  of  Leicester)  he 
had,  with  other  issue,  Edmund  Shef- 
field, born  in  1564  ;  succeeded,  at  the 
death  of  his  father,  in  1569,  as  third 
Lord  Sheffield  ;  went  to  the  Low 
Country  wars  with  the  Earl  of  Leices- 
ter in  December,  1585.  *'  This  noble- 
man distinguished  himself  in  arms  in 
the  reign  of  Queen  Elizabeth,  partic- 
ularly in  the  celebrated  defeat  of  the 
formidable  Spanish  Armada,  when  he 
was  knighted  at  sea  by  the  lord  ad- 
miral, J uly  26, 1588."  "  After  that  he 
served  her  Majesty  in  the  Irish  Warres, 
where  God  so  blessed  him,  that  he 
gained  much  honor."  By  King  James 
he  was  made,  in  1603,  president  of  the 
council  for  the  northern  parts  of  the 
realm,  where  he  governed  many  years 
with  such  integrity  that  injustice  was 
never  laid  to  his  charge.  M.  C.Va. 
Co.,  May  23, 1609.  He  was  one  of  the 
lords  who  accompanied  Richard  Mar- 
tin to  the  House  of  Commons  in  May, 
1614,  in  the  interest  of  the  Va.  Co., 
and  we  find  him  constantly  interested 
in  the  success  of  the  Virginia  Colony  ; 
one  of  the  first  members  of  the  fiist 
council  for  the  N.  E.  Co.,  November 
3,  1620,  and  one  of  the  signers  of  the 


fir.st  Plymouth  patent,  June  1,  1621. 
He  granted  a  patent  of  Cape  Ann, 
New  England,  on  January  1,  1624  ; 
created  ICarl  of  Mulgrave  by  Charles 
I.,  February  7,  16i6  ;  married,  first, 
Ursula,  daughter  of  Sir  Robert  Tir- 
whit,  of  Ketilby,  County  Lincoln,  and 
had  bj-  her  no  less  than  fifteen  chil- 
dren. His  domestic  losses  were  severe ; 
four  of  his  sons  were  drowned,  and  the 
fifth.  Sir  John  Sheffield  (grandfather 
of  the  celebrated  Duke  of  Bucking- 
ham), was  killed  by  a  fall  from  his 
horse.  Of  his  daughters,  by  first 
wife,  I^Iajy  married  (in  November, 
1608)  Sir  b'crdinando  Fairfax;  Frances 
married  Sir  Fliilip  Fairfax,  and  Eliza- 
beth married  Sir  John  Bourchier. 

Lord  Sheffield  married,  secondly, 
Mariana,  daughter  of  Sir  William 
Urwyn,  knight,  and  had  by  her  no  less 
than  five  children. 

Rev.  Thomas  Lorkin,  writing  to  Sir 
Thomas  Puckering,  March  16,  1619, 
says,  "  My  Lord  Sheffield,  upon  Thurs- 
day fortnight  last,  married  a  fair  young 
gentlewoman  of  some  sixteen  years  of 
of  age,  Sir  William  Irwin's  daughter, 
and  is  (for  the  country's  sake,  I  sup- 
pose) highly  applauded  by  the  King  for 
his  choice.  And  surely,  if  it  be  true, 
'  Blessed  is  the  wooing  that  is  not  long 
adoing,'  we  must  give  him  for  a  happy 
man,  since  less  than  three  days  con- 
cluded wooing,  wedding,  and  bedding." 

He  lies  buried  under  a  black  and 
whit^  altar  tomb  in  the  Church  of  Ham- 
mersmith, on  the  south  side  of  the  chan- 
cel, with  the  following  inscription  :  — 

"  To  the  lasting  memory  of  Edmond 
Lord  Sheffield,  Earl  of  Mulgrave, 
Baron  of  Butterwick  and  Knight  of  the 
most  noble  order  of  the  Garter.  .  .  . 
He  was  a  good  patron  to  his  country, 
endevoringe  to  advance  the  Church 
and  common  weale.  lie  was  truly 
pious,  open-handed  to  feed  the  poore, 
and  cloathe  the  naked.  As  he  lived 
the  life,  so  he  died  the  death,  of  the 
righteous,  in  Oct',  1646,  in  the  83rd 
year  of  his  age." 


1000 


SHELLEY  —  SHERLEY 


Shelley,   Henry,    2.     Sub.  ; 

pd.  £25.  Probably  Henry  Shelley  of 
Warming-hurst,  Sussex  ;  M.  P.  for 
Steyiiing,  1586-87  ;  Bramber,  1604- 
11 ;  died  December,  1623.  Or  Henry 
Shelley  of  Parham,  Sussex,  whose 
daughters,  Mary  and  Judeth,  married 
nephews  of  John  and  Gregory  Bland. 
He  was  shipwrecked  on  tlie  Bermudas 
in  1G09  ;  came  to  Virginia  in  1610, 
but  returned  to  England. 

Shelley,  "Walter.     Sub. ;  pd. 

£12  10s.  Member  of  the  first  House 
of  Burgesses  in  the  New  World,  for 
Smythe's  Hundred,  July  30, 1619,  and 
died  during  the  session,  August  1. 

Shelton,  Sir  Ralphe,  3.  Sub. 
£37  10s.  ;  pd.  £12  10s.  Of  Shelton 
Hall,  Norfolk  ;  knighted  at  Theo- 
bald's, November  30,  1607. 

Shepard,  Matthew,  grocer,  2. 
Sub.  £37  10s.  ;  pd.  £50.  Apprentice 
to  Thomas  Juxon  ;  was  sworn  to  the 
freedom  of  the  Grocers'  Company, 
Januar}^  18,  1579  ;  married  Sara, 
daughter  of  John  Hawkins  of  Rugby, 
Com.  Warwick,  and  widow  of  Raphe 
Juxon  (the  uncle  of  William  Juxon, 
Bishop  of  London).  His  son  and  late 
apprentice,  Matthew  Sheppard,  was 
sworn  to  freedom,  July  3,  1616,  and 
both  father  and  son  (senior  and  junior) 
were  on  the  Grocers'  books  in  1620. 
At  the  Visitation  of  Loudon  in  1634, 
the  father  was  dead,  and  the  son  was 
one  of  the  "  Leiftenants  of  the  City." 

Shepard,  Richard,  preacher,  2. 
Sub. ;  pd.  £25. 

Sherley  (or  Shirley),  Sir  An- 
thony. The  second  son  of  Sir 
Thomas  Sherley,  the  elder,  of  Wis- 
ton ;  was  born  about  1.565  ;  B.  A. 
Oxford,  1581  ;  serving  in  the  Low 
Country  wars,  1588  ;  knighted  1591  ; 
made  a  knight  of  St.  Michael's  by 
Henry  IV.  of  France  ;  but  Queen 
Elizabeth  made  him  return  the  in- 
signia ;  made  a  voyage  to  the  West 
Indies  and  thence  along  our  whole 
coast,  via  Newfoundland,  May  21, 
1596,  to  June  15,  1597  ;  in  the  voyage 
of  1.597  to  the  Azores  ;  induced  by 
the  Earl  of  Essex  to  proceed  to  the 
Court  of  Persia  ;  set  out  with  his 
younger  brother  Robert  aiul  twenty- 
six  followers  in  1598-99  ;  sailed  from 
Venice  for  Aleppo,  May  24,  1599  ; 
arriv(!d  in  Persia  after  many  adven- 
tures by  land  and  sea  in  1599  ;  per- 


suaded Shah  Abbas  to  make  war 
against  the  Turk.  In  1600  the  Shah 
sent  him  on  an  embassy  to  the  Chris- 
tian princes  of  Europe  to  induce  them 
to  form  a  league  with  him  against 
Mahomet  III.,  and  after  traveling 
over  Europe  on  this  embassy,  he 
landed  at  Dover,  England,  "  in  the 
midst  of  the  moneth  of  September," 
1601.  Licensed  by  James  I.  to  re- 
main beyond  seas,  and  recommended 
to  foreign  courts,  February  8,  1604  ; 
ambassador  from  Rudolph  II.  of  Ger- 
many to  the  King  of  Morocco,  Africa, 
in  1604-05.  His  brother  Robert,  who 
had  gone  with  him  to  Persia,  and  who 
remained  there,  wrote  to  him  on  Sep- 
tember 10,  1606,  from  Casbin,  re- 
proaching him  for  not  returning  to 
Persia.  He  afterwards  entered  the 
service  of  Spain,  and  was  i)ensioned 
by  Philip  HI.  "The  habit  of  St. 
lago "  was  conferred  upon  him  in 
1611.  He  was  afterwards  created  ad- 
miral of  the  Levant  Seas,  and  made 
a  member  of  the  Spanish  Council. 
Died  in  Spain  after  1630. 

Sherley  (or  Shirley),  Sir  Robert. 
The  j^oungest  brother  of  Sir  Anthony 
aforesaid  ;  born  about  1570  ;  entered 
the  service  of  Shah  Abbas,  1599  ; 
drilled  his  troops,  and  served  with  dis- 
tinction in  his  army  against  the  Turks. 
In  December,  1608,  he  was  sent  am- 
bassador to  Christian  princes  by  the 
Shah.  Rudolpli  II.,  in  token  of  his 
great  service  against  the  Turk,  cre- 
ated him  a  Count  and  Knight  of  the 
Sacred  Roman  Empire,  June  2,  1609  ; 
reached  Spain  early  in  1610,  and  re- 
mained there  imtil  June,  Kill,  when 
he  went  to  England.  While  in  Persia, 
he  married  Teresa,  daughter  of  Isinael 
Khan,  who  bore  him  a  child  there,  for 
whom  the  Mohammedan  king  stood 
godfather,  and  on  November  4,  1611, 
she  bore  him  a  son  in  England,  for 
whom  the  Prince  of  Wales  and  the 
Queen  were  sponsors.  Left  England 
for  Persia  in  January,  1613,  in  the 
ship  of  Capt.  Christopher  Newport  ; 
remained  in  Persia  until  1616  ;  rep- 
resented the  Shah  in  Spain,  1616-20; 
in  England  in  1624  ;  died  at  Casbin  in 
Persia,  July  13,  1628. 

Sherley  (or  Shirley),  Sir 
Thomas.  The  elder  of  Wiston;  born 
May  9,  1549  ;  M.  P.  Sussex,  1572; 
knighted  by  Queen  Elizabeth,  at  Rye 


SIR  FRANCIS  WALSINGHAM 


i 


SHERLEY  —  SIDNEY 


1001 


in  Kent,  Angust  12,  1573  ;  treasurer 
at  wiir,  lo8G-97  ;  served  in  the  Low 
Countries  ;  died  in  December,  1612  ; 
had  issue,  by  Anne,  daughter  of  Sir 
Tliomas  Kenipe  of  OUantigh,  seven 
daughters  and  five  sons.  One  of  the 
daughters,  Cecilia,  married  Sir  Thomas 
West,  Lord  De  la  AVarr,  the  first  cap- 
tain-general and  lord  governor  of  Vir- 
ginia. Three  of  the  sons,  Thomas, 
Anthony,  and  Robert,  are  known  as 
"  the  three  celebrated  brother  trav- 
elers." 

Sherley       (or       Shirley),      Sir 

Thomas.     Sub.  £37   10s.  ;   pd. . 

I'vldest  son  of  Sir  Thomas,  the  elder, 
aforesaid;  born  in  15(i4;  M.  P.  Steyn- 
ing,  1584-85;  served  in  the  Low  Coun- 
try wars;  knighted  in  Ii-eland  in  1589; 
M.  P.  Steyning,  1593;  engaged  in  tak- 
ing Spanisii  prizes  on  tlie  Atlantic 
Ocean;  M.  P.  Hasting,  1601,  and  for 
Steyning,  1004—11  ;  became  involved 
in  debt,  was  arrested  and  lodged  in  the 
Fleet  from  March  15  to  May  15, 1004, 
furnishing  the  grounds  for  a  celebrated 
"case  of  privilege  ;"  went  to  Turkey, 
and  was  a  prisoner  there,  1604-1607; 
released  and  returned  to  England ;  sent 
to  the  Tower  "  for  turning  Turk,"  for 
a  short  time  in  September,  1607;  while 
before  the  King's  Bench  for  debt  in 
June,  1612,  he  took  poison,  but  re- 
covered; M.  P.  for  Steyning,  1614;  was 
again  in  the  Fleet  for  debt  in  January, 
1617  ;  M.  P.  for  Steyning,  1621-22. 
His  debts  forced  him  to  sell  the  an- 
cestral estate  of  Wiston.  (Sir  Robert 
Sherley,  first  Earl  of  Ferrers,  who 
married,  for  his  first  wife,  Elizabeth, 
daughter  of  Lawrence  Waslimgton  of 
Garesdon,  Wiltshire,  was  ol  dllUthcr 
branch  of  this  family.) 

Sherwell,  Nicholas.  Pd.  £12 
10s. 

Sherwell,  Thomas.      Sub.  ; 

pd.  £12  10s.  Merchant  of  Plymouth; 
M.  P.  Plymouth,  1014,  1021-22,  1624- 
25,  1625,  1626,  and  1627-28.  This 
name  is  sometimes  found  in  the  old 
Virginia  records  as  Sherwin,  and  I 
suppose  this  person  to  be  either  the 
same,  or  one  of  the  same  family,  as  the 
Master  Thomas  Sherwin  who  was  in- 
terested in  the  whale  fisheries,  and  who 
made  voyages  to  Spitzbergen  during 
1612-1 S,  and  possibly  before  and  after. 

Shipley,  Hugh,  gent.,  2.  Sub. 
;  pd.  £12  10s. 


Shipton,  Thomas,  2.     Sub. ; 

pd.  £(i2  10s.     Of  the  E.  L  Co. 

Shre^vsbury,  Earl  of.  —  George 
and  Gilbert  Talbot. 

Sicklemore,  Master  Michael, 
gent.      In  Virginia,  1608-09. 

Sidney  Pedigree.  (Extract.)  Sir 
William  Sidney  married  Amie  Pagen- 
ham.  and  had  issue,  with  others,  Lucy 
and  Sir  Henry.  Lucy  Sidney  married 
Sir  James  Harington,  and  had  issue, 
with  others.  Sir  John  Harrington 
(father  of  Sir  John  and  Lucy  Har- 
riugton)  and  Elizabeth  Harington 
(mother,  by  her  husl>and.  Sir  Edward 
Montague,  of  Sir  Henry  and  Bishop 
James  Alontague). 

Sir  Henry  Sidney  married  Mary, 
daughter  of  John  Dudley,  Earl  of 
Northumberland.  "  Her  father,  her 
grandfather,  her  brother,  and  her  sis- 
ter-in-law, the  Lady  Jane  Grey,  all  died 
on  the  scaffold  in  the  time  of  Queen 
Mary  ;  and  this  was  the  Dudley  blood 
of  which  her  son,  the  celebrated  Sir 
Philip  Sidney,  was  so  proud."  By 
her  husband.  Sir  Henry  Sidney,  she 
was  the  mother  of  three  sons  and  a 
daughter,  namely  :  1.  Sir  Philip  Sid- 
ney ;  2.  Sir  Robert  Sidney  ;  3.  Sir 
Thomas  Sidney,  who  died  a  young 
man  ;  4.  Mary  Sidney. 

Sidney,  Madame  Mary.  Daugh- 
ter of  John  Dudley  (see  pedigree). 
Patron  of  Le  I\Ioyne.  Her  husband, 
Sir  Henry,  and  herself  were  both  in- 
terested in  Frobisher's  voyages,  1576- 
78.  She  was  sister  to  Robert  Dudley, 
Earl  of  Leicester. 

Sidney,     "Mary,     Countesse     of 

Pembroke,"  3.     Sub.  ;  pd.  . 

Daughter  of  Sir  Henry  Sidney  and 
his  wife,  Mary  Dudley  (see  pedigree); 
born  about  1550  ;  married  Henry 
Herbert,  Earl  of  Pembroke,  about 
1576 ;  interested  in  Frobisher's  voy- 
ages of  1576-78,  and  in  Fenton's, 
1582-83  ;  member  of  the  Va.  Co., 
1612  ;  a  poetess  and  authoress.  She 
died  at  her  house  in  Aldersgate  Street. 
London,  September  25,  I62I,  and  Ben 
Jonson  wrote  her  epitaph  :  — 

"  Under  neatli  this  marble  Iiearse 
Lios  the  subject  of  all  verso  : 
Sidney's  sister,  Pembroke's  mother  : 
Death,  ero  thou  hast  slain  anotlier, 
Wise,  and  fair,  and  pood  as  she, 
Time  shall  tlirow  a  dart  at  thee." 

She  left  two  sons,  Philip  and  William 
Herbert  (whom  see). 


1002 


SIDNEY 


Sidney,  Sir  Philip  (see  pedigree). 
Born  at  Fenslmrst  in  Kent,  November 
29,  loo4:,  and  named  for  Fliilip  II.  of 
Spain,  who  had  recently  married  Mary, 
Queen  of  England.  In  May,  1564:, 
when  not  ten  years  of  age,  "  Philip 
Sydney,  Scholar,"  was  instituted  by 
Thomas,  Bishop  of  St.  Asaph,  to  the 
rectory  and  church  of  Whyteford,  as 
Philip  Sydney,  clerk,  etc.  He  was 
then  at  school  in  Shrewsbury,  and  his 
church  preferment  was  filled  by  his 
proctor.  From  this  school  he  went, 
about  1568,  to  Christ  Church,  Oxford, 
and  from  Oxford  he  is  said  to  have 
"  passed  to  Cambridge,  which  he  left 
with  a  liigli  reputation  for  scholarship 
and  general  ability."  In  August, 
1569,  "  terms  of  settlement  for  a  pro- 
posed marriage  of  Philip  Sidney  and 
Ann,  daughter  of  Sir  William  Cecil," 
were  drawn  up  by  Cecil. 

Sidney  sailed  for  France  with  Ed- 
ward Clinton,  Earl  of  Lincoln,  May 
26,  1572  ;  in  Paris  at  the  massacre  of 
St.  Bartholomew,  August  22,  1572  ; 
sheltered  himself  in  the  house  of 
Walsingham  ;  quitted  Paris  as  soon  as 
the  storm  had  subsided;  at  Frankfort, 
late  in  1572  and  early  in  1573,  where 
he  became  acquainted  with  the  cele- 
brated Hubert  Languet  ;  in  Hungary, 
September,  1573  ;  in  Italy,  winter 
1573-74,  to  summer,  1574  ;  then  in 
Germany  ;  returned  to  England  about 
the  last  of  May,  1575. 

"  He  is  said  to  have  been  invited  to 
enrol  himself  among  the  candidates  for 
the  crown  of  Poland  vacant,  in  1585, 
by  the  death  of  Stephen  Batliori." 
But  Bathori  did  not  die  until  after  Sir 
Philip,  in  December,  1586.  It  may  be, 
however,  that  Sidney  was  invited  in 
1574  to  enrol  himself  as  the  candidate 
of  the  Christians  against  Bathori,  who 
was  supported  by  the  Turks. 

At  the  entertainment  given  Queen 
Elizabeth  by  Leicester  at  Kenilwortli, 
in  July,  1575;  met  his  "Stella,"  Lady 
Penelope  Devereux,  in  1575  and 
1576.  About  November,  1.576,  sent 
by  Elizabeth  to  condole  with  Rudolph 
II.  on  the  death  of  his  father,  and 
with  secret  instructions  to  other  Ger- 
man princes,  to  negotiate  a  union  of 
the  Protestant  states  against  the  Pope 
and  Philip  II.;  and  the  subsequent 
success  of  the  measure  has  been  as- 
cribed to  his  arguments  and  address. 


He  returned  to  England  in  1577  ;  was 
interested    in    Frobisher's    voyage    of 

1578.  Ednuind  Spens?r  dedicated 
"  The  Shepheard's  Calendar "  to  him 
in  1579.     It  was  probably  in  October, 

1579,  that  he  had  his  noted  difficulty 
with  the  Earl  of  Oxford.  In  1580  he 
lived  quietly  at  Wilton,  the  seat  of  his 
brother-in-law,  where  he  began  to 
write  his  "  Countess  of  Pembroke's 
Arcadia."  M.  P.  for  Kent  in  1581  ; 
sat  on  a  most  select  committee  for  de- 
vising new  laws  against  the  Pope  and 
his  adherents  ;  Hakluyt  dedicated  his 
"  Divers  Voyages  "  to  Sidnej'  in  1582. 

His  "  Stella "  had  married  Lord 
Rich  prior  to  September  9,  1582,  on 
which  day  the  Lady  Penelope  Rich, 
the  old  Lady  Chandose,  Mr.  Pliilip 
Sidney,  and  Mr.  Fulke  Greville  stood 
sponsors  for  the  infant  Penelope  West, 
sister  of  Thomas  West,  afterwards 
governor  of  Virginia,  and  mother  of 
Herbert  Pelham,  first  treasurer  of 
Harvard  College,  New  England. 

January  13,  1583,  Sidney  was 
knighted  at  "  Windesore,  and  was  on 
that  day  lykewise  installed  for  Duke 
John  Cazimir,  Conte  Palatine,  and 
Duke  of  Bavier."  He  married  Fran- 
ces, daughter  of  Sir  Francis  Walsing- 
ham, about  March,  1583;  was  interested 
in  colonizing  America  as  early  as  July, 

1584  ;  M.  P.  for  Kent,  1584-85,  and 
was  on  the  committee  for  confirming 
Ralegh's  patent,  December,  1584. 
His  own  colonization  schemes  had 
taken   definite   shape   prior  to   April, 

1585  ;  interested  in  the  Roanoke  col- 
ony, and  Lane  wrote  to  him  from 
Virginia  on  the  12th  of  August,  1585, 
which  letter  he  probably  received  in 
November,  just  before  sailing  for 
Flushing.  He  went  aboard  his  fleet  to 
sail  for  America  in  July,  1585;  but  the 
queen  ordered  him  to  return  to  court. 

November  7,  1585,  appointed  gov- 
ernor of  Flushing,  and  on  the  18th 
arrived  there  ;  took  Axel,  July,  1586; 
saved  the  army  at  Gravelines ;  wound- 
ed at  Zutphen,  September  22,  1586  ; 
died  at  Arnheim,  October  17,  1586  ; 
buried  in  St.  Paul's,  London,  February 
16,  1587. 

"  England,  Netherland,   the    Heavens  and   the 

Arts, 
The  Souldiers,  and  the  World  have  made  sixe 

parts 
Of  the  Noble  Sidney. 


SIDNEY 


1003 


His  Body  hath  England,  for  she  it  bred  : 
Netlierluiid  liis  Bloiul,  in  her  defence  shed, 
The  Hi^avens  h;ive  his  Soule,  the  Arts  have  his 

Fanio  : 
All  SouliliiTs  the  Griefe  ;   the  World  his  good 

Name."' 

Sidney,    Sir     Robert,     Viscount 

Lisle,  etc.,  2.     Sub. ;   pel.    £1)0. 

The  second  son  of  Sir  Henry  Sidney 
(see  Sidney  pedigree);  born  about 
1555-56;  received  liis  education  large- 
ly under  the  direction  of  his  celebrated 
uncle,  Robert  Dudley,  Earl  of  Leices- 
ter, whom  he  accompanied  to  his  gov- 
ernment of  the  Low  Countries  in  De- 
cember, 1585,  and  continued  to  serve 
under  him  there  until  15S7  ;  a  volun- 
teer at  Doesbury  in  158G,  in  which 
year  he  was  knighted  by  "  Roberte, 
Erie  of  Lecester  in  Hollande." 

In  1588  he  was  sent  by  Queen 
Elizabeth  as  ambassador  to  King 
James  VI.  of  Scotland  (afterwards 
James  I.  of  England),  to  discover  that 
prince's  intentions  with  regard  to  the 
great  schemes  of  Spain,  and  to  secure 
the  cooperation  of  tliat  king  against 
the  Spanish  Armada  ;  "  by  whom  tha 
King  returned  answer  to  the  Queen  of 
his  faithful  friendship  and  love  to  her, 
and  to  the  Religion,  and  that  he  hoped 
for  no  other  beneht  from  the  Spaniard 
than  that  which  Polyphemus  had 
promised  Ulysses,  namely,  that  when 
the  rest  were  devoured,  he  should  be 
swallowed  last." 

About  1589  he  was  appointed  gov- 
ernor of  Flushing,  "and  Elizabeth 
kept  him  there  several  years  sorely 
against  his  will;  because  she  could  not 
find  a  more  efficient  person  to  send  in 
his  place."  Sent  ambassador  to  Hen- 
ry IV.  of  France,  December,  1593,  to 
April,  1594;  served  in  the  Netherlands 
with  Sir  Francis  Vere,  and  shared  hon- 
ors with  him  in  the  victory  achieved 
at  Turnholt,  in  Brabant  in  1597,  where 
his  gallant  conduct  was  highly  praised 
by  Prince  i\Laurice. 

James  I.  granted  him  many  favors. 
April  22,  1C03,  he  was  granted  the 
offices  of  governor  and  ca])tain  of 
Flushing  during  pleasure  ;  and  at  the 
first  creation  of  peers  by  the  king,  he 
was  elevated  to  the  peerage  as  Baron 
Sydney  of  Penshurst.  County  Kent,  by 
letters  patent  dated  iMay  13,  1603. 

In  June,  liOS,  Lord  Sidney  and 
Lord  Southampton  met  the  French 
ambassador.  Marquis  de  Rosui,  after- 


wards Duke  de  Sully,  at  Canterbury, 
and  attended  him  to  London,  and  on 
July  24  in  the  same  year.  Lord  Sidney 
was  appointed  lord  chamberlain  to 
Queen  Anne.  May  4,  1605,  he  was 
created  Viscount  Lisle.  M.  C.  for 
Va.  Co.,  May  23,  1609. 

In  1()10  Robert  Dowland  published 
"  A  Musical  Ban<piett,  fuinislied  with 
varietie  of  delicious  Ayres  collected 
out  of  tiie  best  authors,  etc.,"  and  dedi- 
cated to  Sir  Robert  Sydney  of  Pen- 
shurst, Viscount  Lisle,  who,  with  Sir 
Henry  Lee,  wrote  the  greater  part  of 
the  poetry  in  the  book. 

He  was  a  member  of  the  E.  L  and 
N.  W.  P.  companies.  Tlie  following 
receipt,  of  which  I  give  an  abstract,  is 
still  preserved  :  "  March  20,  1612. 
Receipt  by  Thomas  Sinythe  from  Vis- 
count Lisle  of  £100,  his  adventure  on 
the  2d  voyage  to  the  North  West 
Passage  and  his  freedom  of  the  same 
company." 

In  1616  he  was  installed  a  Knight 
of  the  Garter,  and  was  raised,  August 
2,  1618,  to  the  earldom  of  Leicester, 
the  ceremony  of  creation  being  per- 
formed in  the  hall  of  the  bishop's  pal- 
ace at  Salisbury  ;   died  July  13,  1626. 

His  lordship  married,  first,  Barbara, 
daughter  of  John  Gamage,  Esq.,  of 
Coyt}^,  Glamorganshire,  and  had  issue 
by  her  three  sons  and  eight  daughters. 
Of  the  sons,  William  and  Henry  died 
unmarried.  Sir  Robert,  who  succeed- 
ed his  father  as  second  Elarl  of  Leices- 
ter, married,  in  1615,  Lady  Dorothy 
Percy,  daughter  of  Henry,  ninth  Earl 
of  Northumberland,  and  niece  at 
Capt.  George  Percy  of  Virginia,  and 
had  issue  by  her,  four  sons  and  four 
daughters,  among  whom  :  — 

1.  Philip  Sidney,  Viscount  L'Isle. 

2.  Algernon  Sidney,  the  celebrated 
patriot. 

3.  Robert  Sidney,  who  died  in  1674. 

4.  Henry  Sidney,  created  Earl  of 
Romney. 

5.  Dorothy  Sidney,  baptized  at  Isle- 
worth,  October  5, "  1617.  (Waller's 
"Sacharissa"  married,  first,  -July  20, 
1639,  Henry,  Earl  of  Sunderland,  who 
was  killed  at  the  first  battle  of  New- 
bury in  1643.  She  married,  secondly, 
Robert  Smythe,  of  Bounds  in  Kent, 
esquire,  the  grandson  of  Sir  Thomas 
Smythe,  and  from  them  descended  Sir 
Sidney  Stafford  Smythe,  who  died  in 


1004 


SIDNEY— SMITH 


1777,  the  last  of  the  male  line  of  the 
first  treasurer  of  the  Va.  Co.  of  Lon- 
don. "  iSacbarissa's  "  youngest  sister 
married  Philip  Smythe,  Viscount 
Strangford,  a  grandnephew  of  Sir 
Thomas  Smythe's.) 

Of  the  eight  daughters  of  Robert 
Sidnej',  first  Earl  of  Leicester  : 

Mary  married  Sir  Robert  Wroth  of 
Durance  in  Middlesex. 

Catharine  married  Sir  Lewis  Man- 
sel,  son  of  Sir  Tbonias  Mansel. 

Phillippa  married  Sir  John  Hobart, 
son  of  Sir  Ht;iiry  Hobart  ;  and 

Barbara  married,  first,  Thomas 
Smytlie,  Viscount  Strangford,  nephew 
of  Sir  Thom.as  Smythe,  and,  secoudly, 
Sir  Thomas  Colepepper. 

The  first  Karl  of  Leicester  married, 
secondly.  Lady  Smythe,  the  widow  of 
Sir  Thomas  Smythe,  the  first  treas- 
urer of  the  Va.  Co.  of  London.  It  is 
interesting  to  note  this  blending  of 
the  names  Sidney  and  Smith,  and  the 
connection  of  the  Virginia  enterprise 
therewith. 

Singleton,  Robert,  2.  Sub.  £37 
10s.;  pd.  £7.5. 

Slany,  Humfrey,  N.  Fid.  Co.  Of 
London,  merchant.  March  2,  1620, 
Mr.  Humfrey  Reynolds  transferred  to 
Mr.  Humfrey  Slany  five  shares  in  Vir- 
ginia. He  was  a  merchant  of  London; 
traded  to  Guinea  under  the  Warwick 
charter  of  November  16,  1618  (see 
Robert  Rich,  second  Earl  of  Warwick), 
until  November  1:2,  1631,  when  King 
Charles  anmdled  the  former  letters 
patent  granted  by  King  James,  and 
granted  the  trade  to  Guinea,  Binney, 
and  Angola  for  31  years  to  Sir  Rich- 
ard Young,  Sir  Kenelm  Digby,  George 
Kirke,  Humfrey  Slany,  Nicholas 
Crispe,  and  William  Clobery.  Slany 
died  before  IMay  25,  16.50,  when  his 
company,  in  answer  to  Samuel  Vassal 
and  Company,  asserted  that  the  first 
factory  on  that  coast  was  by  Sir  Wil- 
liam St.  John  and  Company  about  35 
years  since  in  Gambia  River.  Hum- 
frey Slany  married  Joane,  daughter 
of  John  Weld,  of  London,  haberdasher, 
and  had  issue  sons  and  daughters. 
His  dauglitci"  Dorotiiy  married,  in 
1621,  William  Clobery,  of  London, 
merchant,  a  partner  with  Claiborne  in 
Virginia. 

Slaney,  John.  N.  Fid.  Co.  ;  gov- 
ernor  of   that  company   in   1610-28. 


He  dwelt  in  Comhill,  London,  and  en- 
tertained for  some  time  there  Squanto, 
one  of  the  twenty  Indians  captured  by 
Hunt  on  our  New  England  coast.  He 
sent  Squanto  to  Nevifoundlaud,  and 
from  there  he  was  taken  back  to  New 
England  by  Mr.  Dermer. 

Slany,  Stephen.  Son  of  John 
Slany  of  Staffordshire  ;  he  was  born  in 
1524.  In  one  of  his  trading  voyages 
to  the  East  was  taken  by  the  Turks, 
and  his  estate  had  to  be  sold  to  redeem 
him  ;  an  alderman  of  London,  1584  ; 
sheriff,  1584;  lord  mayor,  1595;  pres- 
ident of  Bridewell  Hospital,  1599,  and 
of  Christ's  Hospital,  1602,  to  his  death, 
December  27,  1608. 

Smalman.  Francis,  gent.,  3.  Sub. 
;  pd.  £12  10s.  M.  P.  for  Leom- 
inster, 1621-22. 

Smith  (Smythe,  etc.),  Cleophas, 
draper,  2.     Sub. ;  pd.  £87  10s. 

Smith,   Edmund,   2.      Sub. ; 

pd.  £12  10s. 

Smith  (Smythe,  etc.),  Edward, 
haberdasher,  2.  Sub. ;  pd.  £12  10s. 

Smith,  George,  grocer.  Of  St. 
Bennet,  Grace  Church,  London  ;  born 
1576  ;  of  the  B.  I.  Co.  ;  married,  in 
1604,  Elizabeth,  daughter  of  Anthony 
Pennyston,  gent.,  of  Saffron  Walden, 
Essex. 

Smith,  Humfrey,  grocer,  3.  Sub. 
£37  10s.  ;  pd.  £37  10s.  Also  of  E.  I. 
and  N.  W.  P.  companies  ;  elected 
alderman  of  Farringdon  Within  ward, 
February  3,  1628  ;  chosen  sheriff  of 
London,  1629  ;  removed  to  Cheap 
ward,  February  25,  1633  ;  died  in 
August,  1638.  He  married  Amie, 
daughter  of  Sir  George  Bolles. 

Smith,  John,  son  of  Sir  Thomas, 

3.     Sid>. ;  pd. .     (See  sketch 

of  Sir  Thomas  Smythe,  the  treasurer.) 
Hazlitt,  in  his  "  Collections  and  Notes  " 
(1st  series,  p.  462),  mentions  a  certain 
copy  of  "  A  Preparation  to  the  Psalter 
[by  George  Wither],  London.  Im- 
printed by  Nicholas  Okes,  KJIO,"  which 
was  dedicated  to  Sir  John  Smith, 
"onely  sonne  to  Sir  Thomas  Smith, 
governor  of  the  E.  I.  Co.,"  etc.,  as  con- 
taining "  a  long  MS.  paper  in  the 
autograph  of  Lord  Strangford  respect- 
ing his  collateral  ancestor,"  the  said 
Sir  John  Smith.  He  was  knighted  at 
Whitehall,  September  22,  1618. 

Smith,  Sir  John,  2.     Sub.  ; 

£26  133.  4d.     Of  Ostenhanger,  Kent ; 


SMITH 


1005 


eldest  brother  of  Sir  Thomas  Smith 
(see  the  Smith  pedigree)  ;  born  about 
1554-56  ;  married,  about  1576-78,  to 
Elizabeth,  daughter  and  heir  of  Sir 
John  Fineaux,  of  lierue,  Kent  (son  of 
Sir  John  Fineaux,  cliief  justice  of  the 
King's  Beneh)  ;  sheriff  of  Kent  in 
1600  ;  knighted  at  tlie  Charterhouse, 
May  11,  1603  ;  died  in  1601),  leaving 
one  son  and  two  daughters.  The  son, 
Sir  Tliomas  Smith,  was  created  Vis- 
count Strangford,  July  17,  1628  ;  one 
of  the  daughters  married  Sir  Henry 
Neville,  and  one  of  Neville's  daughters 
married  Sir  Thomas  Lunsford,  who 
went  to  Virginia  and  died  there. 

Smith  (Smythe,  etc.),  John,  gent., 
3.  Sub.  £75;  pd.  i^37i0s.  Of  Nibley, 
the  historian  of  the  Berkeleys;  born  in 
1567;  educated  at  the  Free  School  of 
Derby,  whence  he  came  in  1584  to  at- 
tend upon  Thomas,  the  son  and  heir  of 
Henry,  seventeenth  Lord  Berkeley,  at 
Callowden,  near  Coventry ;  pursued 
his  studies,  with  young  Berkeley,  under 
the  tuition  of  Mr.  Edward  Cowper, 
of  Trinity  College,  Oxford  ;  February, 
1589,  they  entered  Magdalen  College, 
Oxford,  where  they  remained  three 
years,  after  which  Smyth  removed  to 
the  Middle  Temple  as  a  student  of 
common  law.  On  the  completion  of 
his  studies  at  the  Temple,  Smith  re- 
turned to  the  Barkeleys,  and  in  1598 
became  steward  of  tJie  household  ;  was 
steward  of  the  hundred  and  liberty  of 
Berkeley  in  1597,  in  which  year  he 
married  the  well-dowered  widow  of 
John  Drew,  Esq.,  and  settled  at  North 
Nibley,  four  miles  from  Berkeley.  In 
1607  he  built  a  new  house,  with  the 
following  letters  engraved  on  a  stone 
over  the  front  entrance  :  — 


N.  M. 
S.  P. 

M.  H. 

N.  C. 

Which   are    the 

initials    of   the  Latin 

couplet : — 

Nunc  Mei, 
Sed  Postea 

^Mox  Hnjua, 
Nescio  Cujua. 

Which  may  be  paraphrased  thus  ;  — 

'Tis  mine  to-day  ;  tomorrow  (perliaps)  my  heir's  ; 
But  after,  wliose  ?     Let  liim  reply  who  dares  ! 

In  1609  his  first  wife  died  without 
issue,  and  he  soon  after  married  I^Iary, 
elder  daughter  of  John  Browning,  of 
Coaley,  wlio  bore  him  five  sons  and 
four  daughters. 

Besides  the  stewardship  before  men- 


tioned, Smyth  held  many  other  posi- 
tions requiring  a  knowledge  of  the  law: 
as  steward  of  the  borough  and  manor  of 
Tcjtbury,  of  the  manor  and  hundred  of 
Bosliam  in  Sussex,  etc.,  and  other  prop- 
erties of  the  Berkeleys,  whom  he  served 
faithfully.  In  161'J  he  invested  tifty 
siiillings  in  the  lottery  for  Virginia,  and 
some  time  after  he  subscribed  sixpence 
towards  a  college  to  be  erected  there. 
In  1618  he  thought  of  making  a  plan- 
tation in  Virginia,  and  for  that  purpose 
formed  a  partnership  with  Sir  W. 
Throckmorton,  Sir  (roorge  Yardley, 
Richard  Berkeley,  and  George  Thorpe. 
On  February  18,  1619,  the  remaining 
partners  wrote  to  Sir  George  Yardley, 
governor  of  Virginia,  "  Since  your  de- 
parture, we  have  procured  our  patent 
for  plantation  in  Virginia  (a  copy 
whereof  we  herewith  send  unto  you, 
written  by  the  Virginian  boy  of  me, 
George  Thorpe)."  This  indenture  is 
dated  February  3,  1618-19.  In  read- 
ing the  company  records,  1619-24, 
"Mr.  John  Smith  "  has  been  mistaken 
for  "  Captaine  John  Smith  ;  "  but  they 
were  different  men.  Throckmorton, 
Berkeley,  Thorpe,  and  Smith  sent  the 
Margaret,  of  Bristol,  loaded  with  emi- 
grants and  supplies  to  their  plantation, 
"  Berkeley  Town  and  hundred,"  Sep- 
tember 16,  1619.  On  January  10, 
1620,  Yardley  wrote  from  Virginia, 
declining  to  act  as  co-adventurer,  lest 
it  should  interfere  with  his  public  em- 
ployment. He  says,  "  The  place  as- 
signed for  the  new  Berkeley  is  not  on 
Lord  De  la  Warr's  land,  as  asserted  by 
Capt.  West."  It  was  some  five  miles 
from  Charles  City  ("  City  Point  ") ;  it 
was  afterwards  a  seat  of  the  Harri- 
sons, and  President  William  H.  Harri- 
son was  born  there.  February  20, 
1620,  the  Virginia  Council  sent  an 
order  to  "  ye  Governor  in  Virginia  to 
sett  out  400  acres  for  Capt.  Powle 
[Wm.  Tracy's  son-in-law]  and  Mr. 
John  Smith  ; "  and  on  May  7,  1620, 
Sir  William  Throckmorton  assigned  to 
William  Tracy  his  interest  in  '.ho.  ])lan- 
tation  ;  August  28,  16i;0,  qnadrupar- 
tite  articles  of  agreement  were  entered 
into  by  the  four  adventurers  of  Berke- 
ley Hundred,  namely,  Richard  Berke- 
ley, George  Thorpe,  William  Tracy, 
and  John  Smith,  of  Nibley;  Smith  was 
an  active  member,  and  a  regular  at- 
tendant on  the  courts  of  the  Va.  Co., 


1006 


SMITH 


1621-1623.  He  was  member  of  Par- 
liament for  Midhurst,  January  30, 
1621  to  February  8,  1622  ;  April  12, 
1621,  at  a  Virginia  court,  lie  proposed 
"  to  have  a  fair  and  perspicuous  history 
compiled  of  that  country  from  her 
tirst  discovery  to  this  day."  He  does 
not  mention  Capt.  John  Smith  in  his 
list  of  worthies.  April  30  following 
he  bought  three  shares  of  land  in  Vir- 
ginia from  Mr.  Downes. 

February  4,  1623,  "  Mr.  John 
Smith  said,  that  having  spent  upon 
Virginia  a  very  great  matter  he  did  by 
God's  blessing  hope  to  receive  this 
year  a  great  quantity  of  tobacco."  He 
had  spent  a  gi'eat  deal  upon  Virginia,  as 
his  papers  show.  These  papers  are  now 
advertised  for  sale  by  Mr.  Quaritch, 
15  Piccadilly,  London,  England,  in  his 
Catalogue  No.  87,  as  "  Virginia  Pa- 
pers :  .  .  .  originally  collected  by  one 
of  the  early  Adventurers,  John  Smyth 
of  Nibley  (the  author  of  the  '  Lives 
of  the  Berkeleys ')  .  .  .  from  the 
C'holmondeley  collection,  at  Condover 
Hall,  Shropshire.  £150."  Among  these 
papers  are  several  which  were  sent  to 
John  Smith,  in  England,  by  Ben  Har- 
ryson,  the  clerk  of  the  court  inVirgiiila, 
about  1634.  He  evidently  retained  in- 
terests in  Virginia.  Fosbroke  says 
that  "  Smith  became  a  violent  Puri- 
tan ;  "  but  Mr.  James  Herbert  Cooke, 
F.  S.  A.,  says,  "  There  is  not  the 
slightest  evidence  of  this  in  his  writ- 
ings, and  there  are  many  expressions 
and  allusions  in  his  works  which  ex- 
hibit an  entirely  different  feeling." 
He  died  in  1641,  and  was  buried  in 
Nibley  Church. 

Among  his  manuscript  works  were 
"  Lives  of  the  Berkeleys,"  in  three 
volumes,  folio,  containing  933  closely- 
written  pages  ;  "  Description  of  the 
Hundred  of  Berkeley,"  in  one  folio 
volume  of  426  pages;  "  History  of  the 
Borough  and  Manor  of  Tetbury ; " 
"  History  of  the  Manor  and  Hundred 
of  Bosham  in  Sussex  ;  "  a  folio  volume 
of  the  "  Tenures  by  Knight's  service 
under  the  Berkeleys;"  the  "Virginia 
P<apcrs,"  aforesaid,  etc. 

The  other  founders  of  the  famous 
Berkeley  on  James  River  were  all  re- 
lated to  each  other.  (See  Throck- 
morton pedigree.) 

Smith,  Captain  John,  2.  Sub. 
■ ;  pd.  £t>.     Dozens  of  biographies 


have  been  written  of  Capt.  John 
Smith  ;  but  they  are  generally  based 
on  the  accounts  furnished  by  himself. 
The  world  has  been  searching  for  data 
regarding  him  for  two  hundred  years, 
but  has  found  little  beside  what  he 
tells  us  in  his  own  works,  and  unfor- 
tunately his  own  story  of  his  life  can- 
not be  relied  on.  It  is  true  that  the 
accuracy  of  all  of  his  statements  can- 
not be  tested  ;  but  enough  can  be,  to 
make  it  evident  that  all  must  be,  be- 
fore they  can  be  safely  taken  for  use 
in  accurate  history  or  biography.  He 
was  the  eldest  son  of  George  and 
Alice  Smith,  poor  tenants  of  Pere- 
grine Bertie,  Lord  Willoughby  ;  was 
baptized  at  Willoughby,  January  6, 
1579  (O.  S.).  His  father  died  in  April, 
1596,  when  his  mother  was  still  liv- 
ing ;  yet  he  tells  us  that  "  his  parents 
died  when  he  was  about  thirteene 
yeeres  of  age."  Peregrine  Bertie 
left  England  to  travel  abroad  after 
June  26, 1599,  and  Stuhl  Weissenburg 
was  stormed  early  in  September,  1601. 
In  this  period  of  a  little  over  two 
years,  he  tells  that  he  first  went 
abroad  to  attend  Master  Peregrine 
Barty  into  France.  From  Paris  to 
the  Low  Countries,  where  he  served 
"  three  or  foure  yeeres  ; "  then  to 
Scotland,  was  "ship-wracked,"  etc.  ; 
then  returned  to  Willoughby,  where  he 
studied  Marcus  Aurelius  and  "  Ma- 
chiavills  Art  of  Warre,"  etc.  ;  then  to 
the  Low  Countries  again  ;  then  to 
France,  Italy,  etc.,  having  wonderful 
adventures  everywhere  ;  was  throwne 
into  the  sea  to  appease  a  storm  as  a 
"  Hugonoit  "  and  a  "  Pyrat ;  "  but 
rode  the  storm  -  tossed  waves,  and 
"  gat  safe  to  shoree  ; "  took  part  in  "  a 
desperate  seafight  in  the  straights." 
Then  to  the  distant  wars  against  the 
Turks,  where  he  saici  he  "  releeved 
Olumpagh  by  a  stratagem  of  Lights  " 
(which  "  strange  invention  "  of  Smith's 
will  be  found  in  William  Bourne's 
"  Inventions  "  of  1578),  and  some  time 
thereafter  distinguished  himself  at 
the  siege  of  "  Stowlle  Wesenburg." 
Caniza  was  taken  October  22,  1600, 
and  Smith  says  Olumpagh  was  be- 
sieged immediately  after.  Thus  with- 
in about  eighteen  months  of  time  he 
pretended  to  have  had  at  least  five 
years  of  adventure.  After  Stuhl 
Weissenburg    was    taken,  in    Septem- 


SMITH 


1007 


ber,  1601,  the  troops  with  whom  Smith 
says  he  was  were  sent  to  Gen.  George 
Basti  in  Transylvania,  where  they  soon 
revolted,  not  as  Smith  says,  because 
they  preferred  "  to  serve  Sigisn)undus 
against  the  Turke,  rather  than  Biisca 
against  Sigisninnd,"  for  Sigisniund  was 
not  fighting  against  the  Turke  ;  but 
because  they  understood  that  Sigis- 
mund  had  rallied  "  beyond  all  beluefe 
of  men,"  since  iiis  defeat  at  Moitiu, 
and  was  coming  against  the  imperial 
army  under  Basti  with  a  great  army 
of  Polonians,  Turks,  and  Tartars."  Un- 
der these  circumstances,  says  Knolles, 
they  revolted,  "  saying  their  first 
oath  was  to  their  natural  Prince  (for 
most  of  these  men  were  Transil- 
vanian  borne)  rather  than  to  the  Em- 
peror a  foreign  Prince."  Smith  also 
tells  us  that  Sigisniund  rewarded  him 
for  killing  three  Turks  in  a  series  of 
most  remarkable  single  combats  at  a 
time  when  Sigisniund  and  the  Turks 
were  allies.  It  is  useless  to  follow 
him  farther  in  the  wars  of  Transyl- 
vania. I  have  found  no  mention  of 
him  in  the  accounts  of  those  wars, 
save  in  the  narrative  furnished  by 
himself,  and  according  to  this  narra- 
tive it  seems  certain  that  he  really 
served  for  a  time  with  troops  who 
were  the  allies  of  the  Turk  against 
the  Christian.  While  Smith's  narra- 
tive is  not  trustworthy,  it  is  very  curi- 
ous, and  it  will  be  found  interesting 
to  take  his  story,  and  supply  it  with 
the  correct  names  and  dates.  His 
"Duke  Mercury"  is  the  Duke  de 
Mercoeur  ;  "  Georgio  Busea "  is  the 
celebrated  Albanian  general,  George 
Basti;  "  Zachel  Moyses "  is  Moses 
Tzekely. 

The  three  Bathori  brothers  are 
sometimes  classed  as  Turkish  adven- 
turers, but  they  were  probably  Tran- 
sylvanians.  (See  the  sketch  of  Sir 
Philip  Sidney  for  some  reference  to 
the  elder  brother,  Stephen  Bathori.) 

I  do  not  know  when  Captain  Smith 
returned  to  England,  neither  do  I 
know  where  he  returned  from,  whether 
from  Ireland  or  Africa.  He  does  not 
mention  being  in  Ireland,  but  he  must 
have  been  there  before  he  came  to 
Virginia,  for  Wingfield  says,  **  It  was 
proved  to  Smith's  face  that  he  had 
begged  in  Ireland  like  a  rogue,  without 
a  lycence  ;  to   such   I  would  not  my 


name  should  be  a  companyon."  The 
law  at  that  time  required  beggars  to 
be  licensed,  and  of  course  it  was  consid- 
ered "  like  a  rogue  "  to  beg,  illegally, 
without  one. 

Smith  tells  lis  that  he  was  interested 
in  the  Virginia  enterprise  for  two 
years  before  they  sailed  in  December, 
IGDo.  He  also  says  he  would  have 
been  a  party  in  Charles  Leigh's  South 
American  colony,  "but  bee  dyed," 
etc.  Leigh's  death  was  first  known 
in  England  in  the  summer  of  1605. 

Smith  was  sent  to  Virginia  by  the 
company  in  their  first  expedition, 
which  left  The  Downs  in  January, 
1607.  He  was  implicated  in  "  Gal- 
thorpe's  open  and  confessed  mutiny," 
and  was  restrained  as  a  prisoner  from 
February  to  June  10,  1607,  having 
in  the  mean  time  arrived  in  Virginia. 
He  was  admitted  to  the  council  and 
sworn  on  the  10th  of  June,  1(307.  On 
September  10,  1607,  "  the  Triumvi- 
rate," Ratcliffe,  Martin,  and  Smith, 
deposed  Wingfield,  not  only  from  the 
presidency,  but  from  the  council  also  ; 
and  Martin  and  Smith  elected  Ratcliffe. 
Smith  was  acting  as  Cape  Merchant 
from  September  to  about  the  16th  of 
December,  1607,  when  he  was  taken 
prisoner  by  the  Indians,  "  and  by  the 
means  of  his  guide,  his  lief  was 
saved."  I  suppose  this  guide  was  the 
"stout  young  man  called  Ocanindge  " 
(CCXLV.  p.  83),  who  in  1609  re- 
minded Smith  of  the  "  paines  he  tooke 
to  save  his  life,  when  he  was  a  pris- 
oner." After  a  captivity  of  sixteen 
to  nineteen  days  Smith  was  returned 
to  Jamestown  on  the  morning  of  Janu- 
ary 2, 1607,  when  the  council,  under  the 
lead  of  Archer,  condemned  him  to  be 
hanged  as  being  the  cause  of  the  death 
of  Emry  and  Robinson  ;  but  Captain 
Newport  arriving  that  night,  he  was 
released.  He  brought  wonderful  ac- 
counts of  a  ready  way  to  the  great 
South  Sea,  of  mines,  and  of  Ralegh's  / 

lost  colony.  Knowing  the  Indian  X — 
character  as  we  now  do,  it  seems  very 
probable  that  Smith  was  really  spared 
to  be  used  as  a  decoy.  By  these  tales 
the  Indians  hoped  to  induce  the  colo- 
nists to  make  long  expeditions  into  the 
wilds  where  they  could  be  easily  cut 
off  and  destroyed. 

Smith  and  Scrivener  (the  only  other 
members  of  the  council),  it  seems  from 


Y 


1008 


SMITH 


his  account,  deposed  Ratcliffe  either 
about  the  22d  of  July  or  ou  the  10th 
of  September  (Smith  gives  both  dates), 
1608,  aud  elected  Smith  to  the  presi- 
dency, who  had  given  the  colonists 
"the  good  hope  that  our  Bay  had 
stretched  into  the  South  Sea."  He 
remained  president  until  he  was  ar- 
rested in  September,  1G09,  and  was 
soon  after  sent  to  England  "  to  answer 
some  miademeanors." 

Captain  Smith  did  not  carry  the  first 
colonists  to  Virginia  ;  he  landed  there 
himself  "  as  a  prisoner."  He  did  not 
su23port  the  colony  there  by  his  exer- 
tions ;  the  colonists  were  dependent 
on  England  for  supplies  ;  they  were 
succored  by  every  vessel  that  arrived 
during  his  stay  in  Virginia,  and  at  no 
time  were  they  found  to  be  more  in 
need  than  when  Argall  arrived  in 
July,  1609,  during  Smith's  own  presi- 
dency. So  long  as  he  stayed,  the  col- 
ony was  rent  by  factions,  in  which  he 
was  an  active  instrument.  Instead  of 
making  Jamestown  a  relief  station 
and  plantation,  as  it  was  intended  to 
be,  he  was  constantly  taking  off  the 
men  from  their  duties  there,  going  on 
voyages  to  discover  mines,  the  South 
Sea,  etc.,  all  of  which,  I  am  sure,  can 
be  easily  proven.  He  not  only  failed 
to  give  satisfaction  to  his  employers, 
but  he  gave  great  dissatisfaction,  and 
was  never  employed  by  the  Council  of 
the  Va.  Co.  again.  He  was  in  Eng- 
land from  December,  1609,  to  March, 
1614.  The  troubles  and  misfortunes 
of  the  dark  days  of  1611-12  caused 
many  (who  were  evidently  ignorant 
of  the  true  state  of  affairs)  to  place 
confidence  in  Smith's  claims,  and  un- 
der their  patronage  his  reason  for  the 
cause  of  "  the  defailement "  (CCXLV.) 
was  published,  which  work  proves  that 
he  did  not  even  know  tlie  real  causes 
which  produced  the  troubles  ;  but  the 
generality  in  England  knew  no  better, 
and  this  tract  probably  gained  for  him 
the  favor  of  four  London  merchants, 
not  members  of  the  Va.  Co.,  who  sent 
him  on  a  voyage  with  Captain  Hunt  to 
our  New  England  coast,  March  to 
August,  1614.  Some  members  of  the 
North  Va.  Co.  gave  him  ample  oppor- 
tunity to  prove  his  assertions  of  his 
proficiency,  and  from  June  to  Novem- 
ber, 1615,  he  was  on  his  so-called  "  sec- 
ond voyage  for  New  England  ; "  but 


this  rival  (in  his  own  imagination)  of 
"  Sampson,  Hercules,  and  Alexander 
the  Great,"  was  taken  prisoner  at  sea 
by  a  French  vessel,  while  his  own 
vessel  and  crew  escaped.  After  this 
remarkable  event,  his  self-assertions 
failed  to  have  any  value  with  business 
men,  and  he  was  never  sent  from  Eng- 
land again,  although  he  seems  to  have 
constantly  sought  employment  abroad. 
For  the  remainder  of  his  life  he  was 
"  a  paper  tiger  "  at  home  in  Old  Eng- 
land. 

His  "  Description  of  New  Eng- 
land"  was  published  in  1616  ;  "New 
England's  Trials  "  in  1620,  and  a  sec- 
ond edition  in  1622.  In  May,  1621, 
when  the  company  of  Virginia  was 
under  a  diffei'ent  management  from 
that  under  which  Smith  served,  and 
probably  encouraged  thereto  by  the 
fact  that  it  was  not  friendly  to  the 
former  administration,  Smith  pre- 
sented a  petition  for  a  reward  for  ser- 
vices rendered,  "  as  he  allegeth"  in 
Virginia,  which  was  referred  "to  the 
committees  appointed  for  rewarding 
of  men  upon  merits."  He  tells  us 
himself  that  he  failed  to  get  anything. 
(This  petition,  it  seems,  is  the  only 
appearance  of  Capt.  John  Smith  in 
the  Virginia  records  of  1619-24.  See 
John  Smith,  of  Nibley).  "The  His- 
tory of  Virginia,  the  Summer  Islands, 
and  Newe  England  "  was  published  in 
1624  (see  hereafter).  He  was  never 
knighted,  although  it  has  been  so 
stated.  His  arms  were  not  granted 
for  his  services  in  America.  William 
Segar,  the  king  of  arms  of  England, 
in  August,  162.5  (nearly  a  generation 
after  the  services  are  "alleged"  to 
have  been  rendered,  in  a  distant  land), 
certified  that  he  had  seen  Sigismund's 
patent,  and  had  had  a  copy  thereof 
recorded  in  the  Herald's  Office.  I 
believe  Segar  did  see  it  ;  but  I  have 
no  idea  that  Sigismund  ever  did. 
Segar  must  have  been  imposed  upon 
as  he  was  when  he  granted  "  the  royal 
arms  of  Arragon  with  a  canton  of 
Brabant  to  Brandon,  the  common  hang- 
man of  London,"  for,  as  I  have  said, 
the  Turks  were  Sigismund's  allies 
when  Smith  claimed  to  have  killed 
them,  and  Sigismund  had  no  legal 
right  to  sign  an  instrument  as  "  Duke 
of  Transilvania,  Wallachia,"  etc.,  in 
December,  1603. 


SMITH 


1009 


"  Smith  published  "An  Accidence  or 
pathwaye  of  Experience,  etc.,"  in  16*26  j 
"  The  True  Travels,  Adventures  .  .  . 
from  1593  to  1629,  with  a  continuation 
of  the  General  History  from  162-1  to 
1629,"  in  1630;  "Advertisements  for 
the  unexperienced  planters  of  New 
England  or  anywhere,"  in  1631,  in 
which  lie  tells  us  that  he  had  "  lived 
ueere  37  yeares  in  the  midst  of  wars, 
pestilence  and  famine."  lie  was  then 
about  50  years  old,  and  had  evidently 
lived  over  forty  years  quietly  in  Old 
England.  He  died  June  21,  1631. 
By  his  will  "  he  required  Thomas 
Packer  to  disburse  about  his  funerall, 
the  somme  of  twentie  poundes  "  (which 
was  about  one  fourth  of  his  estate); 
and  he  was  buried  in  "  Saint  Sepul- 
cher's "  Church,  London,  "  on  the 
South  Side  of  the  Quire "  where  a 
table  (i.  e.,  a  wooden  tablet)  was  hung 
containing  an  inscription  very  suitable 
to  his  character. 

Thomas  Packer  was  a  clerk  of  the 
privy  seal  and  of  the  Court  of  Re- 
quests, an  ancient  court  of  equity  in 
England  for  the  recovery  of  small 
debts  between  citizens  and  freemen. 
Captain  Smith  gave  Packer,  by  will, 
his  interests  in  the  county  of  Lincoln, 
in  consideration  of  eighty  pounds  ; 
payable,  £20  in  his  lifetime,  and  the 
balance  after  his  death.  It  seems 
probable  that  the  £-0  was  to  pay  some 
debt  for  which  Smith  was  then  being 
sued  before  the  Court  of  Requssts. 

While  the  vain  character  of  Captain 
Smith  is  amply  shown  in  his  own  com- 
pilations, it  can  be  readily  understood 
why  he  must  have  been  for  many 
years  an  object  of  especial  interest  in 
England,  and  why  this  interest  in  him 
should  increase  to  a  sympathy  which 
would  in  the  hearts  of  some  get  the 
better  of  their  judgment.  The  plant- 
ing of  the  colonies  in  America  was  an 
all-absorbing  topic  of  tiie  time;  their 
perils  and  misfortunes  were  tragedies 
of  the  period;  and  Smith  imagined  that 
these  colonies  were  all  "  pigs  of  his 
sow."  He  tells  us  himself,  in  1630, 
that  "  scarce  five  of  those  who  first 
went  with  me  to  Virginia  remain 
alive."  For  many  years  he  was  prol)- 
ably  the  only  one  of  those  first  sent  to 
Virginia  under  Newport,  in  December, 
1606,  living  in  England;  under  these 
circumstances,  Smith  must  have  been 


an  object  of  the  greatest  interest,  and 
a  welcome  guest  by  the  heartli  of 
many  of  the  gentry  of  Old  England, 
where  "  his  twice  told  tales  "  afforded 
amusement  and  interest,  or  aroused 
sympathy;  and  we  can  easily  forgive 
him  for  compiling  a  romance,  with 
himself  as  his  hero,  without  accept- 
ing his  story  as  a  trustworthy  history 
of  the  founding  of  the  first  English 
Protestant  colony  in  America.  "  The 
History  of  Virginia,  The  Summer" 
Hands  and  newe  England  by  John 
Smith,"  was  entered  at  Stationers' 
Hall  for  publication,  July  12, 1624,  and 
probably  issued  from  the  press  soon 
after.  The  publishers  seem  to  have 
found  it  hard  to  work  off  this  book;  a 
fresh  title-page  is  given  to  it  in  1626, 
another  in  1627,  and  two  others  in 
1632  ;  but  the  text  remains  the  same. 
It  was  for  about  225  years  almost  the 
only  source  of  information  regarding 
our  beginning. 

The  first  Book  relates  to  America 
before  1606,  and  is  compiled  from  the 
works  of  Hakluyt,  Hariot,  Brereton, 
Rosier,  and  others,  and  by  collating 
these  with  Smith,  his  style  of  compil- 
ing will  be  apparent.  The  tortuous 
method  which  obtains  in  all  of  his 
works  has  constantly  led  the  historians 
who  have  attempted  to  follow  him 
into  errors. 

The  second  Book,  is  a  description 
of  the  country,  etc.,  nearly  as  in 
CCXLIV.  The  third  Book  is  based 
on  CCXLV. 

That  part  of  the  fourth  Book  which 
relates  to  the  period  of  which  I  am 
writing  is  compiled  from  the  last  part 
of  CCXLV.,  and  from  CXL.,  CLXXI., 
CCCXXVIL,  and  CCCXLIL,  and 
also  from  the  narrative  of  William 
Box,  which  I  have  not  found.  Smith 
certainly  did  not  compile  from,  or 
have  access  to,  the  records  of  the 
Va.  Co.  His  History  is  perfectly 
described  by  Capt.  George  Percy 
in  a  letter  to  the  Earl  of  Northum- 
berland, in  which  Percy  says  :  "  The 
author  bathe  not  spared  to  aproi)riate 
many  deserts  to  himselfe  wliich  he 
never  performed,  and  stuffed  liis  rela- 
cyons  with  many  falsities  and  maly- 
cyous  detractyons."  The  truth  of 
these  charges  can  be  easily  proven- 
Even  when  compiling  from  a  pub- 
lished narrative  he  does  not  hesitate 


1010 


SMITH 


to  insert  his  own  name,  or  a  favorable 
reference  to  himself,  where  there  was 
none.  For  his  own  purposes,  he  takes 
events  of  several  years  and  bunches 
them  all  together,  or  an  event  of  one 
year  and  assigns  it  to  another  year. 
He  evidently  appropriated  to  himself 
incidents  in  several  publications  and 
in  the  lives  of  many  other  men.  How- 
ever, I  do  not  attribute  all  of  Ids  er- 
rors to  selfish  motives.  I  believe  that 
many  are  attributable  to  his  lack  of 
knowledge  of  the  facts.  He  was  cer- 
tainly incapable  of  writing  correct  his- 
tory where  he  was  personally  inter- 
ested, and  after  he  left  Virginia  he 
evidently  knew  no  more  of  the  facts 
than  the  generality  in  England. 

He  was  really  in  no  way  properly 
qualified,  or  properly  equipped,  for 
writing  a  disinterested  and  accurate 
history  of  the  great  movement. 

We  are  told  that  Smith  was  not  the 
author  of  his  History,  that  it  consisted 
of  narratives  written  by  others.  All 
histories  must  be  largely  compiled  from 
the  narratives  written  by  others;  but 
when  a  man  sets  to  work  to  collect 
and  publish  matter  to  prove  that  he  is 
one  of  the  greatest  men  of  his  time, 
and  that  his  peers  were  mere  mar- 
plots, and  calls  his  compilation  a  his- 
tory, his  evidence  must  be  presented 
in  the  most  straightforward,  clear,  and 
distinct  way,  it  must  be  of  the  highest 
character  and  of  the  most  undoubted 
accuracy,  for  a  tortuous,  vainglorious, 
and  prevaricating  compilation  must  be 
really  the  strongest  possible  evidence 
against  that  man  ;  and  this  is  a  ease 
in  point.  Smith's  so-called  History  of 
Virginia  is  not  a  liistory  at  all;  but 
chiefly  an  eulogy  of  Smith  and  a  lam- 
poon of  his  peers.  And  it  is  seldom, 
indeed,  that  we  can  safely  turn  a  man 
loose  in  the  field  of  his  own  biography. 

Smith's  position  in  our  early  liistory 
is  a  remarkable  illustration  of  the 
maxim,  "  I  care  not  who  fights  the 
battles,  so  I  write  the  dispatches." 

Tlie  establishing  of  an  English  col- 
ony in  America  was  a  vast  work,  re- 
quiring the  constant  support  of  the 
king,  the  purse  of  the  people,  and  the 
careful  management  of  the  greatest 
business  men  of  that  period  for  ten 
long  years  of  "  constant  and  patient 
resolution."  On  the  other  hand.  Smith 
was  a  mere  adventurer;  one  of  the  very 


smallest  contributors;  an  agent  of  the 
company  in  Virginia  less  than  two 
and  a  half  years  ;  in  command  there 
about  one  year  ;  failed  to  give  satisfac- 
tion ;  sent  home  to  answer  for  his  mis- 
demeanors, and  was  never  again  even 
employed  by  the  South  Va.  Company. 
The  managers  of  the  enterprise  had 
for  their  own  use  ample  maps,  descrip- 
tions, and  accounts;  but  it  was  against 
the  interest  of  the  colonies  to  make 
public  their  affairs,  and  no  history  was 
compiled  from  their  records.  ]SIo  one 
who  had  ever  taken  the  official  oath 
could  reveal  or  publish  anything  re- 
garding the  colonies  in  Virginia,  with- 
out authority  from  the  council,  unless 
he  broke  his  oath  and  betrayed  his 
trust,  and  Capt.  John  Smith  was  prob- 
ably the  only  official,  or  ex-official, 
who  did  this.  He  published  "  the 
dispatches  ;  "  took  possession  of  the 
history  which  others  made  and  turned 
it  to  his  own  service;  and  it  came  to 
pass  that  for  over  200  years  these 
"  dispatches  "  were  "  almost  the  only 
source  from  which  we  derived  any 
knowledge  of  the  infancy  of  our  coun- 
try." I  acknowledge  that  I  am  anx- 
ious to  enable  the  reader  to  do  justice 
to  the  real  founders  of  this  country, 
because,  as  the  result  of  a  remarkable 
chain  of  circumstances,  great  injustice 
has  been  done  them;  yet  I  certainly 
do  not  wish  to  be  unjust  to  Smith.  I 
have  weighed  well  every  scrap  of  evi- 
dence within  my  reach  before  arriv- 
ing at  the  opinions  herein  given  of 
him  and  of  his  so-called  "  General  His- 
tory." The  counter-evidence  now 
available  makes  it  perfectly  certain 
that  the  true  history  of  our  foundation 
is  really  grand. 

Smith,  Jonathan.     Pd.  £12  10s. 

Smith,  Othowell,  fishmonger,  2. 
Sub.  £62  10s.;  pd.  £12  6s.  8d. 

Smith,  Richard,  2.     Sub. ;  pd. 

£25. 

Smith,  Sir  Richard,  3.     Sub. ; 

pd.  £37  10s.  Of  Leeds  Castle ;  brother 
of  Sir  Thomas  Smythe,  treasurer,  etc. 
(see  pedigree) ;  knighted  at  Whitehall, 
July  23,  1603;  receiver  of  the  Duchy 


THOMAS   WEST 
Third   Huron   Delavari 


SMITH 


1011 


of  Cornwall  ;  M,  P.  Hythe,  1614;  sur- 
veyor-general to  Prince  Charles;  mem- 
ber of  the  Privy  Conncil  ;  pnruhased 
the  estate  of  Leeds  Castle  from  Sir 
Warhani  St.  Leger.  "  He  married 
three  wives  who  were  widows:  "  first, 
Elizabeth,  daughter  of  Sir  Thomas 
Scott  of  Scot's  Ilall,  and  widow  of 
John  Knatchbiill,  Esq.  (see  Scott 
pedigree)  ;  secondly,  Jane,  daughter 
of  John  White,  Esq.,  of  London,  and 
widow  of  Samuel  Thornhill,  Es(j. 
The  name  of  his  third  wife,  who  sur- 
vived him,  is  not  known  to  me.  By  his 
first  wife  he  had  a  son,  John,  and  two 
daughters  ;  by  his  second,  an  only 
child,  Mary,  and  by  his  tliird  wife  an 
only  child,  Margaret.  "  In  1627  he 
gave  in  stock  for  provision  of  Sea- 
Coals  for  the  Poor  of  the  Parish  of 
St.  Stephen,  Coleman  Street,  London, 
£100  every  year,  to  be  returned  for 
the  use  of  the  poor  forever.  And  an- 
other £100  afterwards  for  the  relief 
of  the  poor  also."  He  died  July  '21, 
1628,  in  his  63d  year  leaving  behind 
him  "  £lr,jOO  a  year  in  land,  and 
£6,000  in  money,  plate,  and  goods;  he 
hath  given  a  little  dwarf  daughter  of 
his  £2,500,  and  £3L)l)  a  year  in  land." 
(D'Ewes'  Journal.)  His  son  John, 
knighted  at  Whitehall,  February  28, 
1617,  was  seated  at  Leeds  Castle. 
Smith,   Robert,    merchant  -  tailor, 

2.     Sub. ;  pd.  £37  10s.     "  Born  at 

Market  Harborough  in  Leicestershire ; 
became  controller  of  the  chamber  of 
London,  and  one  of  the  four  attorneys 
in  the  Mayor's  Court."  He  is  spoken 
of  as  the  "  under  chamberlain "  in 
the  records  of  the  Va.  Co.  In  June, 
1622,  bought  two  additional  shares  in 
Virginia  from  Francis  Carter  ;  gave 
£7oO,  to  purchase  lands  for  the  main- 
tenance of  a  lecturer  in  the  town  of 
his  nativity;  one  of  Fuller's  Worthies 
of  Leicestershire  ;  but  Fuller  errs  in 
placing  his  death  in  1618,  as  he  was  an 
active  member  of  the  Va.  Co.  for  sev- 
eral years  after  that  date. 


pAt/^hSln^' 


Smith  —  Smyth,  Captain  Roger. 
He  was  captain  of  an  infantry  com- 


pany under  Sir  Francis  Vere  in  the 
Netherlands  in  1592  ;  "  served  for  12 
or  13  years  in  the  wars  in  the  Low 
Countries  ;  "  first  went  to  Virginia 
probably  in  1616,  and  after  remaining 
there  "  about  some  three  years  "  sailed 
for  England  on  the  George  in  Novem- 
ber, 1619  ;  complained  of  Governor 
Yeardley  to  the  court  of  the  Va.  Co., 
March  15,  1620  ;  signed  the  petition 
to  have  some  man  of  (piality  sent  gov- 
ernor to  Virginia;  "  recommended  to 
be  a  gentleman  very  sufficient  for  im- 
ployment  in  Virginia;  "  was  employed 
by  the  company,  and  again  sailed  for 
Virginia  on  board  the  Abigail  in  Feb- 
ruar}^,  1621  ;  was  appointetl  to  be  of 
the  Council  in  Virginia,  July  24,  1621. 
The  Indians  killed  five  men  near  his 
plantation  in  Cliarles  City,  in  the 
massacre  of  March  22,  1622 ;  in  April, 
1623,  he  was  engaged  in  building  a 
strong  block -house  ;  married  the 
widow  of  John  Rolfe  ;  was  living  with 
his  wife  in  James  City  in  January, 
1625  ;  still  living  and  still  a  member 
of  the  Council  in  Virginia,  November 
30,  1629. 

Smythe  Pedigree. — John  ^  Smythe 
of  Corsham,  County  Wilts,  esquire, 
married  Joan,  daughter  of  Robert 
Brouncker,  of  Melksham,  esquire,  and 
died  in  1538,  leaving  five  sous  and 
three  daughters. 

Elizabeth  -^  Smythe,  the  youngest 
daughter,  married  Symon  Horspoole, 
citizen  and  draper  of  London,  and  of 
tlie  ancient  Wool  Staple  ;  Merchant 
Adventurer  of  the  Old  Hanse  and  Mns. 
companies  ;  sheriff  of  London,  1591  ; 
died  January  14, 1601,  aged  75.  Their 
son,  William  Horspoole,  married,  in 
May,  1602,  Mary,  daughter  of  Lau- 
rence Washington,  Es(j.,  by  his  first 
wife,  Martha,  daughter  of  Clement 
Newce,  of  Great  Hadham,  Herts  ; 
wliich  Laurence  married,  secondly, 
Mary,  the  mother  of  Sir  Samuel  Ar- 
gall,  with  whom  Sir  Thomas  Smythe 
was  tluis  connected  through  the  Wash- 
ingtons.  But  it  is  the  line  of  Thomas  -, 
second  son  of  John  ^  Smythe,  aforesaid, 
in  which  we  are  chiefly  interested. 

Smythe  or  Smith,  Thomas^.  Was 
born  about  1520  ;  "  Collector  of  the 
Queen's  Majesties  Subsidy  for  tonage 
and  poundage,  and  fai-mer  for  the 
Custome  and  Subsidy  inwards  ;  "  com- 
monly called  "  Mr.  Customer  Smythe." 


1012 


SMITH 


A  raan  of  large  wealth,  seated  at  Os- 
tenhanger  in  Kent,  at  the  coming  of 
the  Sjjanish  Armada  in  1588,  he  lent 
the  queen  £1,000. 

He  mairied  Alice,  daughter  and 
heiress  of  Sir  Andrew  Judde,  Lord 
Mayor  of  London,  by  whom  he  ac- 
quired the  manors  of  Ashford  and 
Westure  ;  died  June  7,  1591,  and  was 
buried  in  the  church  at  Ashford,  hav- 
ing had  issue  seven  sons  and  six 
daughters,  namely  :  — 

1.  Andrew  Smythe,  died  young. 

2.  Sir  John  Smythe. 

3.  Sir  Thomas  Smythe. 

4.  Henry  Smythe,  died  before  1591. 

5.  Sir  Richard  Sniythe. 

6.  Robert  Smythe. 

7.  Simon  Smythe,  slain  at  Cadiz  in 
1596. 

1.  Mary  Smythe,  married  "  Robert 
Davys,  Esq.,  Receiver  for  Wales." 
(Were  they  the  parents  of  Captains 
Robert  and  James  Davies  ?) 

2.  Ursula  Smythe,  married  Simon 
Harding,  of  London,  gent. 

3.  Jane  Smythe,  married  Thomas 
Fanshawe,  Esq.,  of  Ware  Park  (his 
second  wife),  which  Thomas  was  re- 
membrancer of  the  exchequer  to 
Queen  Elizabeth  from  1568  to  his 
death,  February  19,  1601.  By  his 
first  wife,  Mary,  daughter  of  Anthony 
Bonrchier,  he  was  the  father  of  Hen- 
ry Fanshawe,  who  married  his  second 
wife's  youngest  sister. 

4.  Catherine  Smythe,  married,  first, 
Sir  Rowland  Hayward  ;  secondly,  Sir 
John  Scott. 

5.  Alice  Smythe,  married  Sir  Wil- 
liam Harris. 

6.  Elizabeth  Smythe,  married  Sir 
Henry  Fanshawe.  One  of  the  sisters 
died  before  October  12, 1616,  on  which 
day  Chamberlain  wrote  to  Carleton, 
"  Lady  Fansliawe  and  her  four  sisters 
are  all  widows  together." 

Smith  (or  Smythe),  Sir  Thomas, 
skinner,  2.  Sub.  £75  ;  pd.  £165. 
Third  son  of  "  Mr.  Customer  Smythe  " 
(see  pedigree).  He  was  the  first 
treasurer  of  the  Va.  Co.  of  London. 
Was  born  about  1558  ;  was  educated 
at  Oxford  ;  at  an  early  age  became  a 
prominent  man;  so  much  so  that  from 
1580  to  the  death  of  his  father  in  1591, 
it  is  sometimes  very  hard  to  distin- 
guish between  father  and  son,  each 
being  a  leading  man  of  affairs,  and 


each  having  the  same  name  ;  but  it 
was  probably  the  sou  who  was  an 
incorporator  of  the  Turkey  Company 
in  1581  ;  "  a  principal  member  of  the 
Russia  Company  in  1587  ; "  at  whose 
house  Hood  lectured  in  1588  ;  and  the 
first  on  the  list  of  those  to  whom 
Ralegh  assigned  (on  March  7,  1589) 
his  interest  in  Virginia,  "  saving  only 
the  fifth  part  of  gold  and  silver  ore." 
In  1591  he  is  said  to  have  succeeded 
his  father  as  master  of  the  customs, 
and  the  same  year  he  aided  in  sending 
ships  to  the  East  Indies  ;  at  Cadiz  in 
1596,  his  brother  Simon  was  killed, 
and  he  was  knighted  by  Essex  for 
gallantry  ;  1599,  Hood's  lecture  dedi- 
cated to  him  ;  aided  in  organizing  an 
expedition  to  (he  Fast  Indies  ;  1600, 
"Alderman  Sir  Thomas  Smith,"  an 
incorporator  and  first  governor  of  the 
East  India  Company  ;  sheriff  of  Lon- 
don, 1600-01  ;  February  8,  1601,  at 
the  "  Insurrection  of  Essex,"  the  earl 
drank  at  his  house  ;  he  was  a  captain 
of  the  tiained  bands  of  London  and  a 
friend  of  Essex,  who,  it  is  said,  ex- 
jjccted  Smith  to  join  him  with  a  thou- 
sand trained  men,  and  he  was  after- 
wards placed  in  prison  on  suspicion  ; 
released  from  the  Tower  about  Sep- 
tember, 1C02.  On  the  13th  of  May, 
1603,  knighted  at  the  Tower  by  King 
James,  who  regarded  the  friends  of 
Essex  as  his  friends.  March  19, 160-^, 
appointed  ambassador  to  Russia,  and 
entered  on  his  journey  there,  June  12, 
1604  ;  in  Russia  at  the  time  of  the 
death  of  Boris  Godunof,  "  The  great 
Lord  and  Cffisar"  (Czar),  and  at  the 
arrival  of  the  celebrated  Demetrius, 
the  pretender,  in  1605,  "  who  was  very 
favourable  to  the  English."  Return- 
ing lie  sailed  from  "  Archangell  "  in 
the  White  Sea  in  August,  and  arrived 
in  England  about  the  iOth  of  Septem- 
ber, 1605.  "An  account  of  his  voyage 
and  entertainement  in  Russia "  was 
published  in  London,  probably  without 
his  consent,  in  1605  and  1607.  M.  P. 
for  Dunwich  from  1604  to  1611;  M.  C. 
for  Virginia,  November  20,  1606. 

In  1607  John  Niclioll  dedicated  to 
him  "  An  Houre  Glasse  of  Indian 
Newes."  In  1609  William  Philip 
dedicated  "to  Sir  Thomas  Smith, 
Knight,"  the  translation  of  the  three 
voyages  of  Gerald  De  Veer.  In 
the  same  year  the  Phcenix  was  dedi- 


SMITH 


1013 


cated  to  Sarah,  wife  to  Sir  Thomas 
Smith,  knight,  and  Catherine,  wife  to 
Sir  Jolin  Scott,  knight,  and  signed, 
"  Humbly  devoted  to  your  Ladyships, 
Tho.  Dekker  ; "  and  the  Dove  was 
inscribed  to  Sir  Thomas  Smith,  and 
signed,  "  Ever  bounden  to  your  wor- 
ship, Tho.  Dekker." 

M.  C.  for  Va.  Co.,  May  23,  1609. 
He  subscribed  £75  to  tlie  enterprise  ; 
but  was  one  of  those  wlio  paid  even 
beyond  their  proportion,  in  order  to 
uphold  that  plantation  ;  he  paid  £165 
($4,125).  His  services,  in  establishing 
a  colony  in  Virginia,  and  thus  securing 
a  footiiold  for  England  in  America, 
cannot  be  overestimated.  The  enter- 
prise rested  largely  upon  his  shoulders 
through  the  darkest  hours.  And  yet, 
most  unfortunately,  the  history  of  his 
administration  has  been  based  almost 
entirely  on  the  unfriendly  evidence  of 
his  opponents. 

July  4,  1609,  Sir  Thomas  Smythe 
was  again  elected  governor  of  the  E. 
I.  Co.,  "  who  for  his  pains  in  serving 
as  governor  for  five  years,  and  in  pro- 
curing the  first  (December  31,  1600) 
and  second  (May  11,  1609)  patents  is 
gratified  with  £500,  besides  £150, 
lately  paid  by  his  order  to  Mr.  Far- 
rington  ;  but  he  utterly  refused  to 
take  the  oath  of  governor  until  the 
company  took  back  £250,  the  residue 
his  worship  kindly  yielded  to  take  " 

"December  30,  1609,  the  King, 
Queen,  and  Prince  Henry  went  this 
morning  to  the  launch  of  the  great 
Indian  ship  of  above  1,200  ton,  newly 
built  by  our  East  Indian  merchants, 
and  had  a  bountiful  banquet;  at  which 
the  king  graced  Sir  Thomas  Smythe, 
the  governor,  with  a  very  faire  chaine 
of  gold,  in  manner  of  a  collar,  better 
than  £200,  with  a  jewell  wherein  was 
the  King's  picture  hanging  at  it,  and 
the  king  put  it  about  his  neck  with 
his  own  hands,  naming  the  ship  The 
Trade's  Increase."  "  Delicates  "  were 
served  in  fine  china  dishes,  and  the 
dishes  were  freely  permitted  to  be  car- 
ried away  by  all  the  guests. 

March  19,  1610,  by  order  of  a  court 
marshal,  he  was  given  precedency 
over  certain  knights  more  ancient  than 
lie,  because  he  had  had  the  honor  to 
stand  covered  in  the  presence  of  a 
king  (the  Emperor  of  Russia).  In 
1610,    himself    and    others    set   forth 


Henry  Hudson  to  discover  the  North- 
west passage,  and  Jonas  Poole  to 
Cherry  Island. 

In  1611  they  set  forth  Jonas  Poole 
on  a  voyage  of  disco veiy  to  Green- 
land. In  1612  they  set  forth  Capt. 
Thomas  Button,  Master  Francis  Nel- 
son, etc.,  to  discover  a  Northwest 
passage.  July  26,  1612,  he  was  an 
incorporator  and  the  first  governor  of 
the  N.  W.  P.  Co.  -He  was  the  treas- 
urer for  the  Bermudas  Islands  from 
the  time  they  were  taken  in  hand  by 
the  Va.  Co.  of  London  until  Novem- 
ber 25,  1612,  when  the  island  was  sold 
to  Sir  William  Wade  and  others. 
Smith's  Islands,  near  Cape  Charles, 
Virginia,  generally  supposed  to  be 
named  for  Capt.  John  Smith,  were 
really  named  for  Sir  Thomas,  as  were 
many  other  capes,  sounds,  forelands, 
etc.,  on  the  face  of  the  earth.  His 
name  was  justly  engrafted  on  land  and 
water  in  the  highest  latitudes  reached 
by  man  in  his  day. 

In  1613  he  and  others  set  forth 
seven  good  ships  for  Greenland  (Spitz- 
bergen),  and  on  the  map  which  accom- 
panies the  account  of  the  voyage,  we 
find  Sir  Tho :  Smith's  Bay  and  Prince 
Charles  I.,  in  79°  N.  Lat.,  and  Sir 
Tho"  Smith's  Inlet  about  80°  N.  Lat. 
In  this  year  he  was  governor  of  the 
Mus.  Co.,  as  he  was  many  years  be- 
fore and  many  years  after  ;  but,  for 
exactly  what  years,  I  cannot  say,  as 
the  records  of  that  company  have  been 
destroyed. 

M.  P.  for  Sandwich  in  1614,  iu 
which  Parliament  he  protected  the  in- 
terests of  the  E.  I.  and  the  Va.  com- 
panies. "  The  courts,  consultations, 
etc.,  for  the  East  Indies,  Vii-ginia, 
Summer  Islands,  North  and  North- 
west discoveries,  Muscovia,  etc.,  were 
kept  at  his  house."  He  was  then  the 
head  of  every  one  (and  a  founder  of 
most  of  them)  of  the  English  com- 
panies directly  interested  in  foreign 
colonies  and  commerce,  which  have 
ever  since  been  the  chief  sources  of 
the  wealth  and  power  of  Great  Britain. 
July  5,  1614,  he  asked  to  be  excused 
from  being  chosen  governor  of  the 
E.  I.  Co.,  "  on  account  of  his  long  ser- 
vice, his  age  and  health ;  "  but  the  com- 
pany insisted  on  electing  him  again. 

June  29,  1615,  one  of  the  incorpo- 
rators, and  the  first  governor,  of  the 


1014 


SMITH 


B.  I.  Co.  ;  again  chosen  governor  of 
the  E.  I.  Co.,  and  gratified  with  1,000 
marks  for  his  extraordinary  care  and 
pains  during  the  past  year.  He  was 
sick  during  this  year,  and  Dr.  Atkins, 
who  attended  hiin,  was  admitted  into 
the  E.  I.  Co.  gratis,  on  account  of  his 
attention  to  the  governor.  Sir  Dudley 
Digges  addressed  his  "  Defence  of 
Trade  "  to  Sir  Thomas  Smith,  knight, 
etc.,  and  alluded  to  him  as  "  his  kins- 
man." He  aided  in  sending  Robert 
Fotherbie  to  the  northwards,  who 
named  an  island  in  the  Northern  sea 
for  him.  About  1G13  he  sent,  among 
other  things,  his  picture  to  the  Great 
Mogul  of  India,  by  William  Ed- 
wardes,  and  in  1615  Sir  Q  homas  Roe 
found  this  picture  hanging  in  the 
Great  Mogul's  court,  "  who  esteemed 
it  for  a  jewel."  His  engraved  portrait 
"  was  originally  prefixed,"  so  Granger 
says,  "  to  the  dedication  of  Woodall's 
*  Surgeon's  Mate,'  which  is  addressed 
to  Sir  Thomas  Smith "  (see  John 
Woodall). 

In  161G  he  aided  in  sending  Robert 
Bileth,  master,  and  William  Baffin, 
pilot,  on  the  fifth  voyage  for  a  discov- 
ery of  the  Northwest  passage  ;  in  this 
voyage  they  discovered  Sir  Thomas 
Smith's  Sound  to  the  north  of  78°, 
which  is  "admirable  in  one  respect, 
because  in  it  is  the  greatest  variation 
of  the  compass  of  any  part  of  the 
world  known."  While  he  was  the 
constant  patron  of  the  celebrated  voy- 
agers of  the  period,  it  must  not  be 
forgotten  that  he  was  also,  from  early 
manhood  to  his  death,  a  constant  pa- 
tron of  men  of  science,  as  Hood, 
Wright,  etc.  "July  16,  1616,  War- 
rant to  pay  to  Sir  Thos.  Smythe  and 
the  East  India  Company  the  usual 
bounty  for  building  thi-ee  large  ships." 

March  12,  1617,  he  assembled  the 
merchant  trading  companies  together 
at  the  wish  of  the  king,  to  see  what 
could  be  done  to  fit  out  a  fleet  against 
the  Turkish  pirates.  "  They  think 
£20,000  a  year  for  two  years  might  be 
raised  from  merchants,  but  leave  the 
directions  to  the  Council." 

June  23,  1618,  he  was  appointed  one 
of  the  commissioners  of  the  navy,  and 
lield  that  office  (in  which,  as  usual, 
lie  performed  valuable  service  for 
his  country)  to  his  death  in  1625. 
About  the  middle  of    November,  his 


son  John  married  the  Lady  Isabella 
Rich,  a  sister  of  the  second  Earl  of 
Warwick.  On  November  28,  1618, 
Chamberlain  wrote  to  Carleton,  "  It 
falles  out  true  that  I  wrote  the  last 
weeke  that  S'  Thomas  Smith's  sonne 
had  maried  the  Lady  Isabella  Rich, 
without  his  father's  consent  or  privitie, 
and  the  affront  is  the  more,  beeing  don 
in  so  goode  companie,  as  the  Countesse 
of  Bedford,  with  divers  other  Ladies 
and  persons  of  account,  whereof  the 
Lord  Chamberlain  (William  Herbert, 
third  Earl  of  Pembroke)  gave  the 
bride  ;  but  not  one  of  his  frends  or 
kindred  present  or  made  acquainted 
withall  ;  which  is  thought  a  straunge 
thing  that  so  great  a  man  and  a  coun- 
saillor  shold  geve  countenance  to  such 
an  action  as  the  robbing  a  man  of  his 
only  child,  a  youth  of  18  yeares  old 
(for  he  is  no  more)  and  sure  I  have 
seen  the  time  that  such  a  matter  could 
not  have  ben  so  caried."  The  Rev. 
Thomas  Lorkin  wrote  to  Sir  Thomas 
Puckering,  that  the  "  Lord  Chamber- 
lain sent  for  his  own  chaplain,  to  Bar- 
nard Castle,  to  marry  them."  "  So 
they  were  jjresently  married ;  and  from 
thence  conducted  to  my  Lord  of  South- 
ampton's to  dinner,  and  to  my  Lady 
Bedford's  to  bed,  where  all  was  con- 
summate. But  the  father  is  a  heavy 
man  to  see  his  son  bestowed  without 
his  privity  and  consent."  It  often 
happens  that  some  private  transaction 
like  this  has  a  direct  bearing  on  public 
affairs,  and  this  had  a  direct  bearing  on 
the  bitter  factions  which  afterwards 
obtained  in  the  Va.  Co. 

On  the  1st  of  January,  1619,  the 
trouble  began  between  Lord  Rich  and 
the  E.  I.  Co.  regarding  the  taking  of 
two  of  the  said  lord's  ships  by  Cap- 
tain Pring  in  the  Indian  Ocean,  and 
this  suit  also  bred  ill-will  for  a  time 
between  the  Lord  Rich  (soon  after, 
second  Earl  of  Warwick),  and  his 
party,  and  the  officers  of  the  E.  I.  Co. 

"  On  Saturday,  Jaiuiary  30,  Sir 
Thomas  Smythe's  house  at  Deptford 
was  burnt  down  to  the  ground,  and 
nothing  saved  that  was  in  it,  except 
the  people,  who  escaped  narrowly  ; " 
but  in  the  same  year  the  Marquis 
Tremonille,  ambassador  extraordinary 
from  France,  with  a  train  of  one  hun- 
dred and  twenty  persons,  was  lodged 
in  his  house  in  Philpot  Lane,  London. 


SMITH 


1015 


April  28  he  declined  to  stand  as  a 
candidate  for  treasurer  of  the  Va.  Co.; 
he  said,  "  For  these  twel\  e  yeares  he 
hath  willingly  spent  liis  labors  and 
endeavors  for  tlie  support  thereof," 
and  asked  "  the  court  to  showe  him 
so  much  favor  as  now  to  dispence  with 
him,  and  to  elect  some  worthy  uum  in 
his  place  for  he  had  resolved  to  relin- 
quish it."  The  \  a.  Co.  was  now  di- 
vided into  tlu'ee  chief  parties  :  first, 
the  lords  and  most  of  the  gentlemen, 
under  the  lead  of  Robert  ilicli,  Karl 
of  Warwick  ;  second,  many  of  the 
merchants,  especially  those  of  the  E. 
I.  Co.,  with  Sir  Thomas  Smith  at  the 
head;  and  third,  "the  faction  of  the 
auditors,"  under  Sir  Edwin  Sandys. 
There  was  a  strong  opposition  (or 
jealousy)  developing  in  certain  quar- 
ters to  the  merchants  of  the  E.  I.  Co. 
(probably  because  they  were  growing 
so  rich),  and  the  first  and  third  par- 
ties had  agreed  to  concentrate  their 
strength  on  one  man,  Sir  Edwin 
Sandys,  while  the  second  party,  not 
suspecting  such  political  strategy,  put- 
ting up  two  candidates  (.A.lderman 
Johnson  and  Sir  John  WoLstenholme), 
were  taken  by  surprise  and  easily  de- 
feated, Sandys  receiving  fifty  -  nine 
balls,  Wolstenholme  tweuty-tlu'ee,  and 
Johnson  eighteen. 

The  same  plan  was  carried  out  in 
the  election  of  deputy,  the  first  and 
third  parties  uniting  on  John  Ferrar, 
while  the  second  divided  on  Johnson 
.and  Cletheroe. 

Early  in  May,  Smythe  was  again 
chosen  governor  of  the  S.  I.  Co. 
Chamberlain  wrote  to  Carleton  on 
May  8,  "  The  Virginian  Company 
have  displaced  Sir  Thomas  Smith, 
and  made  Sir  Edwin  Sandys  their 
governor.  But  the  matter  is  little 
amended,  when  at  the  next  co\irt,  they 
confirmed  Sir  Thomas  Smith  in  his 
presidentship  of  the  Bermudas  or 
Summer  Islands  ;  for  I  could  hardly 
tell  how  to  resolve,  if  it  were  put  to 
my  choice." 

May  28  the  Va.  Co.  gratified 
Smythe  with  a  gift  of  2,000  acres  of 
land  in  Vii'ginia.  Jul}'  2  he  was 
again  chosen  governor  of  the  E.  I. 
Co.  In  December,  1C18,  he  had 
agreed  to  give  his  son  and  "  his 
new  daughter' in-law  "  an  annuity  of 
£1,600  ;    but  the  affair  continued  to 


grate,  and  in  July,  1619,  for  some  rea- 
son, "  young  Sir  John  Smythe  stepped 
aside,  and  went  over  secretly  into 
France."  In  this  year  William  PhUip 
dedicated  to  Sir  T.  Smith  "  The  Rela- 
tion of  a  wonderfuU  voiage  made  by 
William  Cornelison  Schouten." 

May  17,  1620,  he  was  one  of  those 
recommended  by  James  I.  to  the  Va. 
Co.  for  their  treasurer.  On  the  same 
day  the  name  of  "  Smythe's  hundred  " 
in  Virginia,  which  had  been  named  fop 
him,  was  changed  to  "  Southampton 
hundred."  The  Earl  of  Warwick, 
who  formerly  opposed  him,  saw  his 
error,  and  became  friendly  to  him  ; 
but  the  first  party  under  Southampton 
and  the  third  under  Sandys  remained 
united  and  controlled  the  Va.  Co.,  and 
on  June  28  the  Earl  of  Southampton 
was  chosen  treasurer.  Smythe  was 
again  chosen  governor  of  the  E.  I.  and 
S.  I.  companies  in  1620. 

He  was  M.  P.  for  Saltash,  1621-22. 
In  May,  1621,  the  Earl  of  Southampton 
succeeded  him  as  governor  of  the  S.  I. 
Co.  July  4r,  at  the  election  for  gov- 
ernor of  the  E.  I.  Co.,  "expressing 
his  own  weakness  of  body,  he  begged 
the  company  would  spare  him,  that 
they  should  see  he  could  as  well  obey 
as  command,  and  was  an  adventurer 
of  almost  £20,000."  Notwithstand- 
ing this  request,  some  of  his  friends 
gave  him  a  very  complimentary  vote, 
and  while  Alderman  Hallidaie  was 
chosen  governor  for  the  year  ensuing, 
"  Smythe  was  entreated  to  assist  at 
consultations,  and  authorized  to  have 
a  voice  in  the  courts."  He  was  now 
grown  old  in  the  most  remarkable 
business  career  that  ever  fell  to  the 
lot  of  man.  He  had  been  in  bad 
health  for  many  years,  especially  since 
1615,  and  had  long  wished  to  relieve 
himself  of  several  of  his  many  cares. 
He  continxied  his  interest  in  Virginia, 
and  the  committees  frequently  met  at 
his  house  ;  but  affairs  were  very  dis- 
couraging, the  dissensions  in  the  com- 
pany continued,  and  the  breach  grew 
wider,  until  no  hands  clasped  across 
the  chasm.  Very  smiliar  "  disturb- 
ances "  were  agitating  the  E.  I.  Co.  at 
the  same  time  from  nearly  the  same 
causes,  created  by  some  of  the  same 
men.  The  old  merchants  said  they 
were  produced  by  "gentlemen  who, 
having    been    taken    into    the    com- 


1018 


SMITH 


panies  by  courtesy,  do  aim  to  get  all 
the  gove lament  into  their  hands,  which 
is  a  business  proper  only  for  mer- 
chants," while  the  other  party  thought 
that  "  Noblemen  and  gentlemen  were 
fittest  for  the  management  of  such 
undertakings." 

Chamberlain  wrote  to  Carleton  on 
April  11),  1(31:3,  "  There  is  a  great 
faction  fallen  out  in  the  Virginia  Com- 
pany. The  heads  on  the  one  side  are, 
the  Earl  of  Southampton,  tlie  Lord 
Cavendish,  Sir  Edward  Sackville,  Sir 
John  Ogle,  Sir  Edwin  Sandys,  with 
divers  others  of  meaner  quality.  On 
the  other  side  are,  the  Earl  of  War- 
wick, Sir  Thomas  Smith,  Sir  Nathan- 
iel Rich,  Sir  Henry  Mildma^^,  Alder- 
man Johnson,  and  many  more."  On 
Jidy  26,  he  wrote  :  "  The  factions  in 
the  Va.  and  S.  I.  companies  are  grown 
so  violent,  as  Guelfs  and  Gebellines 
were  not  more  animated  one  against 
another  ;  and  they  seldom  meet  upon 
the  Exchange,  or  in  the  streets,  but 
they  brabble  and  quarrel  :  so  that,  if 
that  society  be  not  dissolved  the  soon- 
er, or  cast  in  a  new  mould,  worse 
effects  may  follow  than  the  whole  busi- 
ness is  worth."  It  was  also  asserted 
•'  that  all  their  meetings  and  consulta- 
tions seemed  rather  cockpits  than 
courts."  These  men  were  evidently 
in  no  condition  to  furnish  material  for 
disinterested  and  accurate  history. 
Such  evidence  as  the  Sandys  faction 
wished  to  present  to  the  public  is  still 
preserved  in  the  two  volumes  of  Va. 
Co.  Records  (1019-24)  now  in  the 
library  of  Congress  at  Washington, 
and  on  the  faith  of  this  evidence  the 
progress  of  the  colony  under  the  man- 
agement of  that  faction  has  been 
drawn  in  the  brightest  contrast  to  the 
dark  days  of  the  foundation  period  ; 
but  our  founders  are  certainly  entitled 
to  a  hearing,  also,  before  we  can  have 
any  just  right  to  condemn  them. 

The  Smythe  faction  said  that  Sandys 
and  Ferrar,  who  were  managing  af- 
fairs, were  men  "of  discourse  and 
contemplation  and  not  of  reason  and 
judgement."  Sandys  justly  prided 
himself  on  his  eloquence  (he  was  a 
noted  speaker),  and  Ferrar  on  his  dic- 
tion ;  but  the  old  merchants  were  able 
to  present  their  case  in  a  plain  busi- 
ness way,  which  to  King  James  seemed 
unanswerable.     I  can  give  only  a  sin- 


gle illustration  ;  but  that  will  be  suf- 
ficient. The  Sandys  faction  gave 
glowing  accounts  of  the  great  imni- 
bers  of  people  sent  to  Virginia  under 
their  management.  They  said  "  that 
on  the  18.  Dec.  1618,  there  were  only 
600  people  remaining  alive  in  Vir- 
ginia of  near  2,000  that  had  been  sent 
there,  and  that  between  the  18.  Dec', 
1618,  and  28.  June,  1623,  about  5,000 
were  sent,"  etc.  The  old  founder  fac- 
tion replied  "  that  it  was  true,  they 
were  sending  a  multitude  of  his  Maj- 
esties subjects  to  Virginia  to  starve 
and  to  die  there,  before  they  had  made 
any  adequate  provision  for  receiving 
so  many.  'I'hey  claimed  that  instead 
of  only  600  living  in  Va.  December  18, 
1618,  there  were  at  least  1,200.  That 
in  addition  to  the  said  5,000,  there  were 
sent  between  June  and  December, 
1623,  about  300  more  ;  and  yet  in 
Feby,  162 1,  there  were,  by  the  census, 
then  only  1,277  people  remaining  alive 
in  Virginia,  of  whom  some  were  born 
there,"  and  then  they  make  the  crush- 
ing inquiry,  "  What  has  become  of 
the  5,000  missing  subjects  of  his 
Majesty  ?  " 

These  figures  are  terrible,  for  even 
if  only  600  persons  were  living  in  Vir- 
ginia in  December,  1618  ;  evidently 
over  4,500  were  missing  out  of  less 
than  6,000  within  about  five  years. 
The  rate  of  mortality  was  greatest  in 
those  j'ears  which  have  been  pictured 
to  us  as  most  prosperous.  There  were 
two  sides  to  the  controversy,  much 
could  be  said  on  each  side,  and  it  may 
be  that  neither  side  was  entirely  in  the 
right.  Both  parties  probably  did  their 
best  "  according  to  the  best  of  their 
knowledge  and  belief  ; "  but  we  have 
no  right  to  condemn  the  old  merchant 
founder  party  —  who  had  continued  to 
labor  at  a  very  great  expense  to  them- 
selves, without  any  prospect  of  a  pres- 
ent profit,  "  with  a  constant  and  pa- 
tient resolution,  until  by  the  mercies 
of  God,"  they  had  established  the  col- 
ony —  on  tlie  evidence  of  their  adver- 
saries. 

I  shall  not  attempt  to  discuss  the 
matter  here  ;  but  it  seems  certain  to 
me  that  another  issue  than  the  man- 
agement of  the  Va.  Co.  was  an  impor- 
tant factor  in  causing,  if  not  really  at 
the  bottom  of  all  this  bitterness.  In 
the  Parliament  of  1621-22,  the  strong 


SMITH 


1017 


movement,  umler  the  leadership  of  Sir 
Edwin  Sandys,  against  the  incorpo- 
rated companies,  which  began  in  IGOl, 
was  pnshed  forward  vigorously.  Tbe 
Sandys  party  were  sometimes  called 
Free-traders,  and  the  other  party, 
Protectionists  or  Monopolists.  Both 
parties  were  represented  in  the  Va. 
Co.  The  question  was  largely  a 
"  matter  of  life  or  death "  with  the 
members  of  these  companies,  and  it 
was  natural  tliat  the  feeling  between 
them  and  those  who  wished  to  destroy 
their  business  should  become  very 
bitter. 

Early  in  1624,  the  Lords  of  the 
Privy  Council  appointed  Sir  Thomas 
Smythe  governor  of  the  S.  I.  Co.,  and 
he  was  afterwards  regularly  elected 
to  that  office  by  the  company.  He 
was  a  member  of  the  Royal  Commis- 
sion for  Virginia  affairs,  July  15, 1624, 
and  continued  governor  of  the  S.  I. 
Co.  and  member  of  the  Virginia  Coun- 
cil until  his  death. 

He  died  September  4,  1625,  at  his 
house  at  Tnnbridge,  and  "  was  buried 
under  a  most  superb  monument  in 
Hone  Church,  Kent,  having  his  effigies 
at  full  length  recumbent  thereon." 
The  inscription  is  a  summary  of  his 
history  :  — 

"  To  the  glory  of  God,  and  to  the 
pious  memorie  of  the  honorable  Sir 
Thomas  Smith,  lent,  (late  governour  of 
the  East  Indian,  Muscovia,  French,  and 
Sommer  Island  companies  ;  treasurer 
for  the  Virginia  plantation  ;  prime 
undertaker  (in  the  year  1612)  for  that 
noble  designe,  the  discoverie  of  the 
North- West  passage  ;  principall  com- 
missioner for  the  London  expedition 
against  the  pirates,  and  for  a  voiage 
to  the  ryver  Senega,  upon  the  coast  of 
Africa  ;  one  of  the  chief  commission- 
ers for  the  navie-roial,  and  sometime 
ambassador  from  His  niajestie  of 
Great  Britain  to  the  emperour  and 
great  duke  of  Russia  and  Muscovia, 
etc.),  ivho,  havinge  judicioudy,  conscion- 
ably,  and  with  admirahle  facility,  man- 
aged man;/  difficult  and  weighty  affairs 
to  the  honor  and  profit  of  this  nation, 
rested  from  his  labors  the  4th  day  of 
Septem.,  16::5." 

"  Besides  many  charities  in  London 
and  elsewhere,  he  endowed  Tunbridge 
school,  which  had  been  founded  by 
his   grandfather,   Sir    Andrew   Judd. 


Among  his  numerous  bequests,  he  left 
funds  for  providing  a  four-penny  loaf 
apiece  every  week  to  thirty-six  of  the 
poorest  and  honestest  persons,  in  five 
parishes,  and  the  same  number  of 
pieces  of  cloth,  worth  twenty  shillings 
each,  to  be  made  into  winter  garments 
for  the  recipients  of  his  charity." 

His  numerous  bequests  are  still 
annually  distributed  by  the  Skinners' 
Company,  of  which  guild  he  was  a 
member.  His  arnas  were  on  the  north 
window  of  Old  Temple  Hall,  Faring- 
don  Ward  Without.  "  Az.  a  chevron 
engrailed  between  three  Lions  passant 
gardant,  Or."  This  was  the  hall  of 
the  Knights  Templars,  and  afterwards 
of  the  Hospitallers. 

Sir  Tliomas  Smythe  was  nearly  re- 
lated to  the  Cromwells,  and  was  de- 
scended from  Sir  Robert  Chicheley, 
Lord  Mayor  of  London,  eldest  brother 
of  Henry  Chicheley,  Archbishop  of 
Canterbury,  founder  of  All  Souls,  Ox- 
ford. 

He  was  thrice  married,  first,  to 
Judith,  daughter  and  heir  of  Richard 
Culverwell,  Esq.  (no  issue)  (see  under 
Dr.  William  Whitaker),  secondly 
(name  unknown  to  me),  and,  thirdly, 
to  Sarah,  daughter  to  William  Blount, 
Esq.  (and  sister  to  Judith  Bloiuit,  who 
married  Sir  Thomas  Chaloner),  by 
whom  he  had  two  sons,  John  and 
Thomas,  both  of  wlioni  were  members 
of  the  Va.  Co.  in  1612  ;  but  Thomas 
died  before  Xovember,  1(>18.  After 
the  death  of  Sir  Thomas,  his  widow, 
the  Lady  Sarah  Smythe,  married, 
April  25,  1626,  Robert  Sidney,  first 
Earl  of  Leicester  (being  his  second 
wife). 

"Young  Sir  John  Smythe,  whose 
marriage  in  November,  1618,  gave 
so  much  trouble,  left  a  son,  Robert 
Smvthe,  who  married,  July  8,  1652, 
Lady  Dorothy  Sydney  (the  poet  Wal- 
ler's '  Sacharissa '),  daughter  of  Rob- 
ert, second  Earl  of  Leicester,  widow  of 
Henrj-,  first  Earl  of  Sunderland,  and 
by  that  earl  mother  of  Robert,  second 
Earl,  lineal  ancestor  of  tiie  present 
Duke  of  Marlborough."  This  branch 
of  the  family  terminated  with  Sir  Syd- 
ney-Stafi^ord  Smythe,  chief  baron  of 
the  Exchequer  in  1772,  who  died  in 
1777,  s.  p.  "  The  line  of  the  senior 
branch  of  the  family  became  extinct 
with    that    accomplished    geographer, 


1018 


SMITH  — SOMERS. 


the  eighth  Viscount  Strangford,  who 
was  vice-president  of  the  Royal  Geo- 
graphical Society,  and  died  in  1869." 

Smith,  Thomas,  son  of  Sir  Thomas 
(the  treasurer),  3.  The  second  son  ; 
he  died  young,  before  1618. 

Smith,  Sir  Thomas.  "Clerk  of 
our  privy  Council  ;  "  "  born  in  Abing- 
don, and  bred  in  the  University  of 
Oxford  ;  "  "  secretary  to  Robert,  Earl 
of  Essex,  and  afterwards  one  of  the 
Clerks  of  the  Lord's  Council  ; " 
knighted  at  Greenwich,  May  20,  1603  ; 
appointed  the  king's  Latin  secretary, 
June  8, 1603  ;  "  Secretary  and  Keeper 
of  the  Signet  to  the  Council  of  the 
North  ;  "  "  Clerk  to  the  Upper  House 
of  Parliament  ;  "  "  Master  of  the  Re- 
quests." M.  C.  for  Va.,  March  9, 
1607,  "  and  was  on  the  road  to  higher 
preferment,"  when  he  died,  November 
28,  1609,  at  his  house  at  Parson's 
Green,  and  was  buried  at  Fulham, 
where  liis  lady  erected  a  monument 
to  perpetuate  his  mevnory.  He  mar- 
ried Frances,  daughter  of  William 
Brydges,  fourth  Lord  Chandos  ;  she 
married,  secondly,  Thomas  Cecil,  first 
Earl  of  Exeter. 

Writing  of  this  Sir  Thomas  Smith, 
Dr.  Fuller  says  :  "  God  and  himself 
raised  him  to  the  eminency  he  attained 
unto,  unbefriended  with  any  extrac- 
tion." His  only  child,  Margaret,  mar- 
ried the  Hon.  Thomas  Carey,  the  sec- 
ond son  of  Robert  Carey,  Earl  of 
Monmouth  ;  after  Carey's  death  she 
married,  secondly.  Sir  Edward  Her- 
bert. 

"  This  Sir  Thomas  Smith  left  a  con- 
siderable sum  of  money  to  the  library 
at  Oxford,  founded  by  his  friend  and 
neighbor,  Sir  Thomas  Bodlev." 

Smith,  Sir  William,  of  "Essex,  3. 
Sub.  £37  10s ;  pd.  £50.  Of  Hill  Hall ; 
nephew  and,  finally,  heir  to  the  cele- 
brated Sir  Tiiomas  Smith,  secretary  of 
state  to  Fldward  VL  and  Elizabeth, 
who  died  witlioiit  issue  in  1577. 

This  Sir  William  was  a  colonel  in 
the  army  in  Ireland  ;  married,  in  1590, 
Bridget,   daughter  of  Thomas   Fleet- 


wood, Esq.,  of  The  Vache,  County 
Bucks  ;  knighted  at  Theobald's,  May 
7, 1603;  M.  P.  for  Aylesbury,  1604-11; 
died  December  12, 1626,  aged  76.  The 
family  name  is  now  spelled  Sniijth. 

Smith,   Sir  "William,   of  London. 

Sub.  ;  pd.  £4:5.     March  7,  1619, 

he  transferred  to  Mr.  Nicholas  Ferrar, 
the  younger,  two  shares  of  land  in 
Virginia. 

Soame  (or  Soane),  Joseph,  2. 
Sub. ;  pd.  £25. 

Soame,    Sir    Steven,    grocer,    2. 

Sub. ;  pd.   £25.     Second   son   of 

Thomas  Soame,  of  Boteley,  alias 
Betely,  in  the  County  of  Norfolk  ; 
born  about  1544  ;  alderman  of  Cheap 
ward,  and  sheriff  in  1598;  mayor  of 
the  staple  in  London  for  almost  twenty 
years  ;  Lord  Mayor  of  London,  1598- 
99  ;  knighted  April  25,  1599  ;  M.  P. 
for  London,  1601  ;  on  the  committee 
to  meet  King  James,  1603  ;  master  of 
the  Grocers;  senior  alderman  in  1618  ; 
died  May  23,  1619,  aged  75,  and  was 
buried  at  Little  Thurlow  in  Suffolk, 
where  his  monument  records  his  good 
deeds. 

Soda,  Anthony,  grocer.  He  was 
a  churchwarden  of  St.  Michael's,  Corn- 
hill,  in  1588,  and  for  many  years  after. 

Somers,  Sir  George,  1.   Sub. ; 

pd.  .     Of    Dorsetshire  ;    but    he 

bore  the  same  arms,  and  tradition  as- 
signs him  to  the  Somers  famil}'  of 
White  Ladies,  County  Worcester,  an- 
cestors of  Earl  Somers.  Sil.  Jourdan, 
writing  in  1610,  says  he  was  then 
"  three  score  yeares  at  the  least." 
General  Lefroy,  in  his  "  Memorials  of 
the  Bermudas,"  says,  "  Summers,  as 
his  name  is  spelt  in  the  parish  register, 
was  born  of  respectable  parents,  in  or 
near  Lyme  Regis  (Dorsetshire)  in 
1554.  He  commanded  naval  expedi- 
tions in  1595-1600,  and  in  the  two  fol- 
lowing years."  In  1596  Capt.  Amias 
Preston  and  himself  made  their  victo- 
rious voyage  to  the  West  Indies. 
October  29,  1597,  Sir  Walter  Ralegh, 
Lord  Thomas  Howard,  and  the  Lord 
Montjoy  wrote  to  Essex  :  "  Wee  have 
this  Saterday  night  receved  the 
cumfortabell  ncwse  of  George  Sum- 
mers' arivall,  whose  letter  we  have 
here  witliall  sent  your  Lordshipp." 
He  was  knighted  at  Whitehall,  July 
23,  1603. 

Thomas  Winter,  M.  A.,  wrote  a  soa 


SOMERS  —  SOMERSET 


1019 


net  to  him  in  1604  ;  M.  P.  for  Lyme 
Regis  in  Dorsetshire,  March  19,  1604, 
to  February,  1610,  wlien  his  seat  was 
declared  vacant,  on  acconnt  of  his 
absence  in  Virginia;  Jnne,  1609,  sailed 
for  Virginia  ;  July  '28,  wrecked  on  the 
Bermudas  or  Somers  Islands  ;  May 
10, 1610,  sailed  from  there  for  Virginia; 
May  23  arrived  in  Va.  ;  June  7,  aban- 
doning the  colony,  was  met  by  Lord 
De  la  Warr,  and  turned  back  ;  June 
19  sailed  for  the  Bermudas  to  obtain 
a  supply  of  pork  for  Virginia.  Was 
carried  by  the  current  to  our  New 
England  coast  ;  but  finally  reached  the 
Somers  Lslands,  and  died  there  No- 
vember 9,  1610,  "  of  a  surfeit  in  eat- 
ing of  a  pig."  His  heart  was  buried  in 
the  island,  and  "  his  cedar  ship  at 
last  with  liis  dead  body  arrived  at 
Whitchurch  in  Dorsetshire,  where  by 
his  friends  he  was  honourablv  buried, 
with  many  vollies  of  shot,  and  the  rites 
of  a  souldier,  and  upon  his  tonibe  was 
bestowed  this  epitaph  :  — 

"  '  Alas  Virginia's  Summer  so  soone  past, 
Autumne  succeeds  and  stormy  winter's  blast, 
Yet  England's  joyfull  Spring  with  joyfull  show- 
ers, 
O  Florida,  shall  bring  thy  sweetest  Flowers.'  " 

His  remains  reached  England  after 
February  28,  1611,  probably  about 
July  26, 1611,  on  which  day  the  inquest 
was  held. 

"  From  the  Record  Office,  London, 
luquisitio  post  mortem.  Inquest  taken 
at  Dorchester,  July  26  (9th  James) 
before  George  Estmont,  gent.,  es- 
cheator  of  the  King  :  —  Sir  George 
Somers,  Knight,  was  seized  before  his 
death  in  demesne  &  in  fee  of  the 
Manor  of  Upwey  alias  Waybay  House, 
with  its  members  and  appurtenances, 
in  Co.  Dorset,  &c.  &c.  Of  one  Mes- 
suage or  Mansion  house,  called  the 
manor  of  Orchard,  in  the  parish  of 
Whitechurche  [canonicorum]  Dorset, 
&e.  &c.  Of  a  Capital  Messuage  or 
Mansion  house  and  farm  of  the  Manor 
of  Berne  [in  Whitechurch]  Dorset,  &c. 
&c.  Of  a  capital  messuage  or  tenement 
in  Marsh  wood  [in  Whitechurch]  Dor- 
set, &c.  &c.  Of  three  messuages  in 
Lyme  Regis,  held  by  Sir  George  So- 
mers and  Johanna  his  wife  of  the 
Mayor  &  Burgesses  of  Lyme  Regis." 

Extract  from  Sir  George  Somer's 
will  :  "  I,  the  said  Geo.  Somers  do 
give  and  bequeath  to  Mathew  Somers 
and  his  heirs  all  that  capital  messuage 


or  farm  called  Waybay  House  in  the 
parish  of  Upwaye,  all  lands  &c.  called 
Orcherd  in  the  parish  of  Whitechurch, 
a  messuage  or  tenement  called  Har- 
per's tenement,  in  the  parish  of  IMersh- 
wood  and  the  ground  or  common  at 
the  hill,  purchased  from  Richard  Mal- 
lack  gent,  adjoining  other  lands  called 
Berne  in  the  parish  of  Whitechurch, 
and  all  other  lands  not  bequeath,  to 
Mathew  Somers  and  his  heirs  for- 
ever." 

"  Sir  Geo.  Somers  died  9th  of  No- 
vember last.  Nicholas  Somers,  gent, 
his  cousin  and  heir.  Lady  Johanna 
his  wife  is  still  living  at  White- 
church." 

This  document  is  headed  "Libatfuit 
in  Cur.  xxiiij  die  Novr.  anno  R.  Jacobi, 
Anglie  &^c  decimo,  p.  manua  Rici  War- 
man,"  I  suppose  Libut  stands  for  Li- 
beratum,  i.  e.,  "  It  tvas  delivered  in  court 
24  Nov.  in  the  10th  year  of  James,  Sfc. 
(1612)  by  the  hands  of  Richard  War- 
man." 

It  will  be  noted  that  Matthew  not 
Nicholas  is  mentioned  in  the  extract 
from  the  will  incorporated  in  the  in- 
quisition, and  that  the  enrollment  of 
the  document  was  delayed  from  July, 
1611,  to  November  24,  1612.  There 
was  probably  a  dispute  over  the  will 
between  Nicholas,  the  heir-at-law,  and 
Matthew  Somers,  who  was  with  Sir 
George  when  he  died,  and  he  may  have 
been  accused  of  using  some  illegal 
means  to  obtain  a  will  in  his  favor. 

Somers,  Master  (Matthew).  He 
arrived  in  England,  as  before  said, 
with  the  body  of  Sir  George  Somers, 
in  1611.  In  1622  he  has  a  dispute 
with  the  Va.  and  S.  I.  companies,  re- 
garding the  estate  of  Sir  George  So- 
mers. (See  Neill's  "  Va.  Co.  of  Lon- 
don," pp.  -5.3-61.) 

Somerset,  Earl  of.  —  Robert  Carr. 

Somerset,  Edw^ard,  Earl  of 
Worcester.  Fourth  Earl,  succeeded 
his  father  William,  third  Earl,  on 
February  21, 1589;  N.  W.  P.  Co  ,  1612; 
died  March  3,  1628  ;  married  Eliza- 
beth, daughter  of  Francis,  Earl  of 
Huntingdon,  and  had  several  children. 
Ancestor  of  the  Duke  of  Beaufort. 


1020 


SONDES  — SPELMAN 


Sondes,    Sir   Michael,   2.      Sub. 

;    pd.  .     (Ancestor    of    Sir 

George  Sondes,  Bart.,  of  Lees  Court, 
County  Kent,  created  Earl  of  Fever- 
sham  in  1670.)  He  was  M.  P.  for 
Qneenborong-!i  in  1588-89  ;  knighted 
at  Greenwieh,  June  18,  1598  ;  M.  P. 
for  Queenborougli  again  in  1597-98, 
in  1601,  and  in  1604-11  ;  M.  C.  for 
Va.  Co.,  May  23,  1609,  and  possibly 
died  soon  after.  The  records  of  the 
Va.  Co.  show  that  he  died  before  1619. 

In  159i  "  the  present  state  of 
Spaine,  translated  out  of  French," 
was  dedicated  to  his  son,  Richard 
Sondes,  vvdiich  Richard  was  afterwards 
knighted,  and  married  Catherine, 
daughter  of  Sir  Rowland  Hayward. 

The  family  names  Sandys  and 
Sondes  are  often  confused. 

Soto,  Fernando  De.  Born  about 
1500  ;  served  vv'ith  distinction  under 
Pizarro  in  Peru.  The  Va.  Co.  made 
a  study  of  las  expedition  to  Florida 
(see  LXXXiV.).  He  rea,ched  Espir- 
itu  Santo  Bay,  Florida,  May  25,  l^o9, 
with  570  men  and  223  horses,  well 
equipped  ;  was  so  fortunate  as  to  find 
an  interpreter  in  "  Juau  Ortiz,  a  Span- 
iard, who  had  lived  twelve  years 
among  the  Floridians  ;  "  his  life  hav- 
ing been  twice  saved  by  a  favorite 
daughter  of  the  Indian  chief.  Win- 
tered at  Apalache,  Florida ;  left 
Marcli  3,  1540,  going  northeastward  ; 
reached  "Cutisachiqui "  [Coosawhat- 
ehie],  some  two  days'  journey  from 
St.  Helena,  late  in  April  ;  on  the  3d 
of  May,  marched  northward  to  the 
golden  country  of  "Yupaha"  [Unaka 
or  Smoky  Mountains];  reached  "Cha- 
laque  "  [Cherokee]  about  the  10th  of 
May,  and  continuing  northward,  passed 
near  the  celebrated  Ducktown  Copper- 
mines,  crossed  the  mineral  belt  of  the 
Appalachian  Range,  and  about  the  last 
of  May  came  to  "Canasaqua"  [Cana- 
saga,  Polk  County,  Tenn.  ?] ;  June  5, 
they  arrived  at  "  the  island  city  of 
Chiaha  "  [the  Chica-maugatown  on  the 
island  in  the  Tennessee  River,  below 
Chattanooga],  "  which  was  subject  to 
tlie  Lord  of  Cosa,"  whose  country  was 
along  the  headwaters  of  the  Coosa 
River  of  Alabama.  Soto  remained  at 
"  the  island  city  "  thirty  days,  and  then 
went  southward  to  winter  down  the 
Tennessee  River  ;  thence  through  the 
Coosa    country  ;    "  the    jirovinees    of 


Tallise  "  [Tallassee],  and  "  Tascaluca  " 
[Tuscaloosa,  Alabama]  to  "  Mavilla  ;  " 
but  I  ouly  wish  to  give  an  outline  of 
his  route  through  the  eastern  part  of 
our  country  ;  it  is  not  to  my  purpose 
to  follow  him  farther  in  his  westward 
way.  He  died  in  Louisiana  near  the 
mouth  of  tlie  Red  River,  May  21, 
1542.  About  300  survivors  under 
Moscoso  sailed  from  the  mouth  of  the 
Mississippi,  July  IS,  1543.  Having 
spent  over  ft)ur  yeai's  in  exploi-ing  the 
Southern,  Middle,  and  Western  States, 
they  left  a  few  horses,  a  few  hogs, 
many  Indian  children  who  coidd  speak 
the  Spanish  tongue,  and  several  of 
their  own  men,  who  remained  behind 
having  Indian  wives. 

W^hen  we  consider  the  habits  of 
these  570  men  during  these  four  years, 
we  may  be  assured  that  our  forefa- 
thers met  many  an  Indian  "on  the 
dark  and  bloody  ground,"  who  might 
count  among  his  ancestors  some 
grandee  of  Spain. 

Southampton,  Earl  of.  —  Henry 
W^riotheslcy. 

Southv^ricke,  John,  2.     Sub. ; 

pd.  £12  10s. 

Sparrow,  Steven,  merchant-tailor, 
2.  Sub.  £37  10s.  ;  pd.  £75.  Janu- 
ary 31,  1620,  Steven  Sparrow  trans- 
ferred one  share  in  Virginia  to  John 
Hope. 


Speckart,    Abraham,    3.       Sub. 

;  pd.  £25. 

Spelman,  Henry.  Third  son  of 
Sir  Henry  Spelman  of  Congham,  Nor- 
folk, England  (1562-1 G41);  the  distin- 
guished antiquary  and  historian;  treas- 
urer of  the  Gruiana  Company,  and  one 
of  the  Council  for  New  England. 
Henry,  the  son,  was  baptized  in  1595; 
landed  in  Virginia  in  August,  1609  ; 
was  sold  to  the  Indians  soon  after, 
and  lived  with  them  until  December, 
1610.  He  returned  to  England  with 
Lord  DelaW^arr  in  March,"l611;  but 
afterwards  went  back  to  Virginia, 
where  he  was  enqiloyed  as  interpreter 
to  the  colony  in  1()16.  In  1618  he 
•was  again  in  England,  but  returned  to 


JOHfJ   WHITSON 
Mnyor    of    Bristol 


SPENCER 


1021 


Virginia  on  board  the  Treasurer  in  that 
year.  He  "  knew  most  of  the  kings 
of  that  country,  and  spake  their 
Languages  very  understandingly."' 
(Howes'  Abridgment.)  In  August, 
1619,  he  was  tried  by  the  House  of 
Burgesses  for  speaking  disparagingly 
of  Governor  Yardly  to  Opocancauo, 
and  degraded  from  his  office  as  inter- 
preter, etc.  He  was  trading  with  the 
Indians  along  the  Potomac  at  the  time 
of  the  massacre  in  March,  1622  ;  and 
about  one  year  after,  on  March  23, 
1623,  he  was  killed  by  the  Anacostan 
Indians,  probably  near  the  present  site 
of  Washington,  D.  C. 


^^^:^/^^^Ai 


^<S>2. 


Spencer,  Edward,  esquire.  Fourth 
son  of  Robert  Lord  Spencer.  He  was 
seated  at  Boston  in  Middlesex  ;  M.  P. 
for  Brackley,  1621-22,  1624-25,  and 
1625,  and  for  ^Middlesex,  1626  ; 
knighted  at  Hampton  Court,  Decem- 
ber 27,  1625;  died  February  11, 1655, 
aged  61. 

Spencer,  John,  clothworker.  A 
native  of  Waldingfield,  Suffolk. 
Queen  Elizabeth  gave  him  the  Manor 
of  Canonbury,  and  visited  him  there 
in  1581  ;  sheriff  of  London,  1583  ; 
on  the  committee  to  consult  with  Car- 
liell  about  planting  a  colony  to  the 
southwest  of  Cape  Breton  in  America, 
1583  ;  alderman  of  Langbourn  ward, 
1587  ;  lord  mayor,  1594-95;  knighted 
1595  ;  a  leading  member  of  the  Rus- 
sia and  Turkey  companies  ;  an  incor- 
porator of  the  E.  I.  Co.,  1600  ;  presi- 
dent of  St.  Bartholomew's  Hospital, 
1603-10;  died  March  3,  160i9,  and 
was  buried  in  St.  Helen's  Bishops- 
gate,  where  a  tomb  is  erected  to  his 
memory.  He  was  known  as  "  Rich 
Spencer."  His  only  daughter  and 
heir  married,  in  1594,  William  Lord 
Compton. 

Spencer,   Sir   Richard,  3.     Sub. 

£75  ;    pd.  .     Of    Hertfordshire  ; 

fourth  son  of  Sir  John  Spencer  of 
Althorp,  and  uncle  of  Robert  Lord 
Spencer  ;  knighted  at  Theobald's,  May 
7,  1603  ;  ambassador  to  Holland  ;  M. 
P.  for  Brackley,  1604-11;  died  in  No- 
vember, 1624. 


Spencer,  Robert  Lord,  3.     Sub. 

;    pd.    £33   6s.    8d.      Sheriff    of 

Northamptonshire  in  the  forty-thiid 
year  of  Elizabeth,  before  which  time 
he  had  received  the  honor  of  knight- 
hood, and  when  King  James  ascended 
the  throne,  was  reputed  to  have  by 
him  the  most  money  of  any  person  in 
England.  Ben  Jonson  alludes  to  him 
in  the  lines,  — 

"  Who  since  Thamyra  did  die, 
Hath  not  brook'd  a  lady's  eye, 
Nor  aUow'd  about  liis  place 
Any  of  the  female  race." 

The  grief  of  Sir  Robert  Spencer, 
for  the  loss  of  his  beloved  consort, 
Margaret,  daughter  of  Sir  Francis 
Willoughby,  thus  beautifully  alluded 
to,  was  no  poetic  fiction.  He  lost  her 
in  August,  1597  ;  but  though  he  sur- 
vived her  thirty  years,  he  never  made 
a  second  choice.  He  was  created 
Baron  Spencer  of  Wormleighton,  July 
21,  1603.  The  records  of  the  times 
gave  him  a  very  high  character,  being 
spoken  of  as  "  The  old  Roman  chosen 
Dictator,"  seldom  leaving  his  farm 
save  when  called  to  the  Senate.  Dur- 
ing the  debates  in  Parliament,  1621, 
relating  to  the  king's  powder  and  pre- 
rogative, this  Lord  Spencer,  standing 
up  boldly  for  the  public  liberty  (with 
the  Earls  of  Oxford,  Southampton, 
Essex,  and  Warwick),  made  some  allu- 
sion to  the  past,  and  the  Earl  of  Arun- 
del replying  thereto,  said,  "  My  lord, 
when  these  things  were  doing,  your  an- 
cestors were  keeping  sheep,"  to  which 
the  Lord  Spencer,  with  a  spirit  and 
quickness  of  thought  peculiar  to  him, 
innnediately  answered,  "  When  my 
ancestors  were  keeping  sheep  (as  you 
say),  your  ancestors  were  plotting 
treason."  So  says  Wilson's  "  Hist,  of 
Great  Britain,"  London,  1653,  p.  163  ; 
but  see  the  more  correct  account 
given  at  length  in  Gardner's  "  Hist, 
of  England,"  London,  1886,  vol.  iv. 
pp.  114-116.  Lord  Spencer  died  Oc- 
tober 25,  1627,  and  was  buried  in  great 
splendor  with  his  ancestors  at  Bring- 
ton.  His  son  William  married  Penel- 
ope, daughter  of  Henry  Wriothesley, 
Earl  of  Southampton.  "  Lord  Spencer 
was  the  great  friend  of  the  Washing- 
tons  of  Sulgrave,"  ancestors  of  Gen. 
George  Washington. 

Spencer,  Varion,  2.     Sub. ; 

pd.  £12  10s. 


1022 


SPERT  — STANHOPE 


Spert  (or  Perte),  Thomas.  Of 
an  old  Bristol  family  ;  master  of  the 
Mary  Rose  ;  founded  the  Trinity 
House  in  1512,  and  it  was  incorpo- 
rated in  1514  (the  disputed  voyage 
with  Cabot,  1517)  ;  master  of  the 
Harry  Grace  de  Dieu  in  which  great 
ship  Henry  VIII.  sailed  to  Calais  in 
May,  1520,  on  his  way  to  the  Field  of 
the  Cloth  of  Gold  ;  knighted  by  Henry 
VIII.  at  York  Place  in  1529  ;  died 
September  8,  1541,  and  was  buried  in 
the  chancel  of  Stepney  Church.  His 
first  memorial  having  been  lost,  the 
Trinity  House  erected  another  in  1622. 

Spinola,  Benedict.  Second  son 
of  Baptist  Spinola,  an  eminent  mer- 
chant of  Genoa,  who  in  1556  refused 
the  dukedom  of  his  native  city.  Bene- 
dict came  to  Loudon,  where  his  friend, 
Horatio  Fallavicino,  and  himself  were 
sometime  known  as  Queen  Elizabeth's 
bankers. 

The  Society  of  Antiquaries,  Lon- 
don, have  a  very  curious  broadside: 
"  An  Epitaph  upon  the  death  of  the 
WorshipfuU  Maister  Benedict  Spinola, 
Merchant  of  Genoa  and  free  Denizon 
of  England,  who  dyed  on  Tuesday  the 
12.  of  Julie,  1580." 

Spranger,  Henry,  2.     Sub. ; 

pd.  £12  10s. 

Springham,  Matthias,  merchant- 
tailor,  2.     Sub. ;    pd.  £25.     He 

was  one  of  those  selected  by  the  lord 
mayor  and  citizens  of  London  in  1613 
to  go  over  and  examine  the  Irish 
plantation.  He  died  in  1620,  and  was 
buried  at  Richmond,  England. 

Sprint,  Gregory,  esquire,  3.  Sub. 
;  pd.  £37  10s. 

Spruson  (see  Pruson),  Hilde- 
brand,  2.  Sub.  £37  10s.  ;  pd.  £59 
9s.  9d.  "  November  3,  1610,  grant  to 
Hildebrand  Prosen  of  the  office  of 
Merchant  in  the  East  for  furnishing 
the  King's  ships,  for  life."  The  Cal- 
endar of  State  Papers,  Domestic, 
1611-1618,  p.  613,  mention  some  trou- 
ble incurred  by  two  of  his  ships,  in 
the  West  Indies,  with  the  Spaniards  ; 
but  the  date  of  the  paper  is  uncertain. 
February  27,  1622,  he  transferred  one 
of  his  shares  in  Virginia  to  Thomas 
Pemble. 

Stacy,  Thomas.     Pd.  £25. 

Stafford.     See  Stratford. 

Stallenge,  William,  gent.,  2. 
Sub.  ;    pd.    .     Merchant   of 


Plvmouth  ;  M.  P.  for  Plymouth  in 
1597-98  and  1601  ;  January  5,  1607, 
licensed  for  twenty-one  years  to  print 
a  book  called  "  Instructions  for  the 
planting  and  increase  of  Mulberry 
trees,  breeding  of  Silkworms,  and 
making  of  Silk  ; "  January  23,  1608, 
licensed  to  import  mulberry  seeds, 
and  to  set  the  same  in  any  part  of  the 
realm,  for  increase  and  better  breed- 
ing of  silkworms. 

Howes,  in  his  Chronicle,  writing 
imder  1609,  says,  "  Albeit  this  is  the 
first  publique  notice  of  keeping 
wormes  and  making  silke  in  England, 
yet  true  it  is  that  many  years  past 
there  were  divers  industrious  gentle- 
men that  kept  wormes  and  made  good 
silke,  amongst  which  of  late  years, 
William  Staledge,  Comptroller  of  the 
Custome  house,  hath  taken  ingenious 
paynes  in  breeding  wormes  and  mak- 
ing of  fine  silk  for  all  uses  ;  he  had  a 
patent  for  seven  years  to  bring  mul- 
berry seed,  and  this  year  he  and  Mon- 
sieur Verton  by  order  from  the  king 
planted  Mulberry  trees  in  most  shires 
of  England."  The  state  papers  con- 
tain several  warrants  to  pay  him  sev- 
eral sums  for  planting  mulberry  trees 
for  the  king  near  Westminster  Palace 
and  elsewhere. 

Stanhope,   John,   Lord,  2.     Sub. 

;   pd.    £50.     Third    son    of    Sir 

Michael  Stanhope,  who  was  beheaded 
on  Tower  Hill,  February  25,  1553  ; 
married,  first,  Joan,  daughter  and  heir 
of  William  Knollys,  but  by  her  had  no 
issue.  On  February  13,  1589,  he  was 
one  of  the  sponsors  of  Ann  West  (see 
pedigree).  May  6,  1589,  he  married, 
secondly,  Margaret,  daughter  of  Henry 
Mc Williams,  Esq.,  one  of  the  queen's 
gentlemen  pensioners.  June  20,  1590, 
he  was  appointed  master  of  the  posts, 
succeeding  Thomas  Randolph,  who  had 
held  that  office  from  about  1566,  and 
who  is  said  to  have  been  the  first  post- 
master-general (then  called  "  master 
of  the  posts  ")  of  England.  He  was 
knighted  in  1596,  and  the  same  year 
was  constituted  treasurer  of  the  cham- 
ber for  life,  and  in  1600,  constable  of 
the  Castle  of  Colchester  for  life  ;  M. 
P.  for  the  County  of  Northampton  in 
1601.  On  the  accession  of  King 
James,  he  was  continued  vice-cham- 
berlain, sworn  of  his  Privy  Council,  and 
appointed  by  act  of  Parliament,  in  the 


STANLEY  —  STEWKLEY 


1023 


first  year  of  his  reign  (1603)  one  of 
the  commissioners  to  treat  of  a  union 
with  Scotland  ;  and  afterwards  by  let- 
ters patent,  May  4,  IGUo,  was  advanced 
to  the  dignity  of  a  baron  of  the  realm 
as  Lord  Stanhope  of  Harrington.  July 
26,  1607,  grant  to  John  Lord  Stan- 
hope, and  Charles,  his  son,  of  the  ofKce 
of  postmaster  in  England,  for  life  ; 
M.  C.  for  Va.  Co.,  May  23,  1609. 

He  continued  in  his  office  of  \'ice- 
chamberlain  till  1616,  when  he  resigned 
it  to  Sir  John  Digby.  He  died  March 
9,  1620. 

Stanley.     See  Vere-Stanley. 

Stannard,  "William,  innholder,  2. 

Sub. ;  pd.  £25.     Son  of  Thomas 

Stannard,  of  Bourne  in  the  County  of 
Cambridge.  He  married  Martha  Gard- 
ner, of  Jeningses  Bery,  Com.  Hartford. 

Stapers  (Staples),  Hewet,  cloth- 
worker,  3.  Sub.  £60  ;  pd.  £77  10s. 
Second  son  of  Richard  Stapers  or 
Staples  (next);  was  a  member  of  the 
E.  I.  and  N.  W.  P.  companies,  etc. 

Stapers  (Staples),  Richard,  mer- 
chant, 2.     Sub. ;pd.  £37  10s.     A 

native  of  Plymouth  ;  came  to  London, 
married  Dionise,  daughter  of  Thomas 
Hewett,  of  London,  gent. ;  entered  into 
a  partnership  with  Edward  Osborne  ; 
they  were  leading  members  of  the 
Rus.  or  Mus.  Co.,  and  trafficked  over 
Europe,  Asia,  and  Africa.  In  1581 
they  were  the  leading  incorporators 
and  directors  of  the  Turkey  Company. 
In  February,  1583,  they  sent  out  the 
first  overland  expedition  from  Eng- 
land to  the  East  Indies,  and  in  the  same 
year  Stapers  was  one  of  the  committee 
appointed  by  the  Rus.  Co.  to  consult 
with  Capt.  Christopher  Carlisle  in  re- 
gard to  the  proposed  colony  to  the 
southwest  of  Cape  Breton,  on  our 
coast.  Osborne  died  in  1591  ;  but 
Stapers  continued  his  interest  in  com- 
mercial affairs,  and  was  one  of  the  in- 
corporators and  directors  of  the  E.  I. 
Co.,  December  31,  1600.  He  lies  in 
"a  very  goodly  Tomb,"  says  Stow, 
"  erected  in  the  wall  on  the  South  side 
of  the  Church  of  St.  Martin's  Outwich, 
Broadstreet  ward,  London,  having  this 
inscription  :  — 

" '  Here  resteth  the  Body  of  the 
Worshipful  Mr.  Rich.  Staper,  elected 
Alderman  of  this  city,  1594.  He  was 
the  greatest  Merchant  in  his  time  ;  the 
chiefest    Actor   in    discovery   of    the 


Trades  of  Turkey  and  East  India  : 
A  Man  humble  in  prosperity,  painful 
and  ever  ready  in  the  Affairs  publick, 
and  discreetly  careful  of  his  private. 
A  liberal  House-Keeper,  bountiful  to 
the  Poor  :  an  upright  Dealer  in  the 
World,  and  a  devout  Aspirer  after  the 
World  to  Com?.  Much  blest  in  his 
Posterity,  and  happy  in  his  and  their 
Alliances.  He  dyed  the  last  day  of 
June,  An.  Dom.  1608.  Intravit  ut 
exiret.' " 

Sterling,  Earl  of.  —  William  Alex- 
ander. 

Stevens,  Thomas,  esquire,  3.  Sub. 
£37  10s.  ;  pd.  £37  10s.  Attorney  to 
Henry,  Prince  of  Wales  ;  of  the 
Middle  Temple,  esquire  ;  X.  W.  P. 
Co.,  1612. 

Stevyard,  Augustine,  esquire,  3. 
Sub.  £37  10s.  ;  pd.  £37  10s.  Married 
Anne,  aunt  of  Sir  Samuel  Argall  (see 
Argall  pedigree).  December  15, 1619, 
he  assigned  to  Sir  Henry  Jones  his 
three  shares  in  Virginia  ;  owned  the 
site  of  the  monastery.  Barking  Abbey, 
granted  to  him  by  King  James  iu 
1605  ;  died  in  1628. 

Stewkley    (Stukely,    etc.).    Sir 

Thomas,  3.     Sub. ;  pd.  £37  10s. 

(Of  Sussex  ;  knighted  at  the  Char- 
terhouse, May  11,  1603?)  Son  of 
Hugh  Stewkley,  of  Marsh  in  Somer- 
setshire, and  his  wife  Elizabeth,  daugh- 
ter of  Richard  Chamberlain.  Sir 
Thomas  married  Elizabeth,  daughter 
of  John  Goodwin,  Esq.,  and  was  living 
in  1627  ;  a  nephew  of  John  Chamber- 
lain's, and  mentioned  in  his  will. 

Ste'wkley  (or  Stuckley,  etc.), 
Captain  Thomas.  A  younger  son  of 
Sir  Lewis  Stukely,  of  Ilfracombe  in 
Devonshire,  and  a  most  noted  charac- 
ter of  the  age  in  which  he  lived;  went 
to  London  early  in  life  ;  visited  the 
court  of  Henry  II.  of  France  in  1551 
with  Robert  Dudley,  afterwards  Earl 
of  Leicester  ;  was,  perhaps,  in  Wyatt's 
insurrection,  1553-54  ;  buccaneering 
on  the  coast  of  Ireland  about  1555  ; 
determined  to  be  a  prince  before  he 
died  ;  resolved  to  settle  a  province  in 
Florida  in  1563  ;  but  he  made  "  the 
sea  his  Florida,"  and  turned  the  en- 
terprise into  a  buccaneering  expedi- 
tion against  French  and  Spanish  ves- 
sels ;  went  to  Ireland  and  fought  by 
the  side  of  Shane  O'Neill  against  the 
Scots  at  Bally  Castle;  from  Ireland  to 


1024 


STILE  —  STUAKT 


Spain  ;  from  Spain  to  Rome  ;  com- 
manded a  ship  in  the  great  naval 
battle  of  Lepanto,  October  7,  1571  ; 
sailed  on  an  expedition  to  conquer  Ire- 
land for  the  Pope  ;  but  joined  King 
Sebastian,  and  fell  figliting  by  his 
side  at  Alcazarquivir,  September  '22, 
1578. 

Stile  (Style),  Humphrey,  grocer, 
2.  Sub. ;  pd. .  Sou  of  Nich- 
olas Style  ;  was  baptized  at  St,  Mary 
Wooluoth,  November  1, 1581;  sworn  a 
free  brother  by  patrimony  to  the  Gro- 
cers, November  13,  1605,  and  admitted 
to  the  livery  in  1G09. 

Stile  (or  Style),  Nicholas,  grocer. 
Father  of  the  above  Humphrey;  was 
the  son  of  Sir  Humfrey  Style,  of  Lang- 
ley,  Kent  ;  baptized  there,  January 
12,  1545-46  ;  a  churchwarden  of  St. 
Mary  Woolnoth  in  1588  ;  an  alder- 
man of  London  ;  died  November  16, 
1615,  and  was  buried  in  St.  Margaret, 
Lothbury,  London.  He  was  a  bene- 
factor of  the  Grocers'  company. 

Stile  (or  Style),  Thomas.  Sub. 
£75  ;  pd.  £62  10s.  Of  the  E.  I.  Co.; 
on  the  Virginia  Commission,  July  15, 
1624  ;  of  Lincoln's  Inn  ;  one  of  the 
captains  of  the  city  of  London  in  1633. 
He  married  Martha,  fourth  daughter 
of  Sir  Maurice  Abbott. 

Stockley  (or  Stokeley),  John, 
merchant-tailor,  2.  Sub.  £37  10s.  ; 
pd.  £50.     Of  the  E.  I.  Co. 

Stoddard,  Sir  Nicholas,  3.     Sub. 

;  -pd. .     Of   Kent  ;  knighted 

at  Whitehall,  July  23,  1603. 

Stokes,  John,  fishmonger,  2.  Sub. 
;  pd.  £62  10s. 

Stokes,  Thomas.     Pd.  £12  10s. 

Stone,  George.     Pd.  £12  10s. 

Stone,  William.  Of  the  E.  I.  and 
N.  W.  P.  companies. 

"  As  the  Earth  tlie  Earth  doth  cover. 
So  under  this  Stone  lyes  another,"  etc. 

Extract  from  his  monument. 

StOTve,  John.  Antiquary  and  his- 
torian ;  born  152.5  ;  died  1605. 

Strachey,  William,  gent.,  2.     Sub. 

;  pd.  £25.     "One  of  The  Graies- 

Inne  Societe."  Sailed  from  England 
in  June,  and  was  wrecked  on  the  Ber- 
mudas in  July,  1609  ;  reached  Vir- 
ginia in  May,  1610;  was  secretary  and 
recorder  there  ;  left  in  the  summer  of 
1611,  reaching  England  about  the  last 
of  October  in  that  year;  edited  CXC, 


December,  1611;  wrote  CCXVI.,  1612; 
still  living  in  1618.  I  believe  him  to 
be  the  William  Strachey,  of  Saffron 
Walden,  who  was  married  in  1588,  and 
was  alive  in  1620,  whose  son  or  grand- 
son, of  the  same  name,  came  to  Vir- 
ginia in  the  Temperance  in  1620,  and 
was  living  in  1625,  on  Hog  Island, 
aged  17.  In  CXXXV.  Strachey  men- 
tions having  been  "  on  the  coast  of 
Barbary  and  Algiers,  in  the  Levant," 
etc. 


'Z0^fC^^:OK  ftra.  cA 


2? 


Stradling,  Sir  John,  3.    Sub. ; 

pd.  £12  10s.  Related  to  the  Pophams ; 
son  of  Francis  Stradling,  who  resided 
at  St.  George's,  near  Bristol,  by  his 
wife  Mary,  daughter  of  Bartholomew 
Mitchel,  Esq.  ;  educated  at  Oxford, 
and  took  his  degree  in  arts  as  a  mem- 
ber of  Magdalen  Hall  in  1583,  "  being 
then  accounted  a  Miracle  for  his  for- 
wardness in  Learning  and  Pregnancy 
of  Parts  ; "  author  of  "  De  Vita  et 
Morte  Contemnenda,"  1597  ;  "  Epi- 
grammata,"  1607  ;  knighted  May  15, 
1608  ;  created  a  baronet,  May  21, 
1611  ;  sheriff  of  Glamorgan,  1620  ; 
published  "  Beatifici  Pacifici:  a  Divine 
Poem,"  in  1623  ;  M.  P.  for  St.  Ger- 
mans, 1624-25  ;  published  "  Divine 
Poems  :  in  seven  several  Classes," 
1625  ;  M.  P.  for  Glamorgan,  1626  ; 
died  September  9,  1637. 

Stratford,  Earl  of. — Thomas  Went- 
worth. 

Stratford  (see  Stafford),  Rich- 
ard, 2.  Sub.  £37  10s.  ;  pd.  £75. 
"  Receiver  in  the  principality  of  North 
AVales." 

Strode,    Sir   "William,   3.      Sub. 

;  pd. .    Of  Newnham,  Devon; 

M.  P.  for  Devon,  1597  ;  for  Plvmpton, 
1601, 1604-11,  and  1621-22;  f  Jr  Plym- 
outh, 1614  ;  and  for  Devon  again, 
1624-25  ;  will  proved  Februarv"  20, 
1638.  He  was  the  father  of  AVilliam 
Strode,  one  of  "  the  famous  five  mem- 
bers." 

Strongarm  —  Strongtharm  — 
Strong  -  in  -  Arm    —    Armstrong, 

Richard,  ironmonger,  2.     Sub.  ; 

pd.  £100.     Of  E.  i.  Co. 

Stuart,  Queen  Anne.  Daughter 
of  Frederick  II.,  King  of  Denmark, 
and    wife  of   James   I.    of   England  ; 


STUART 


1025 


died  March  2,  1619.  The  Rappahan- 
nock River  is  named  for  her,  in 
CLVIII.  (map)  and  Cape  Ann,  Mas- 
sachusetts. 

Stuart,  Prince  Charles.  The  sec- 
ond son  of  James  1.  ;  afterwards 
Charles  I.  ;  horn  November  ID,  1000  ; 
crowned  February  2,  1023  ;  beheaded 
January  30,  1049.  Cape  Charles  was 
named  for  him  ;  also  Charles  City 
(now  "  City  Point  "),  and  the  present 
Charles  City  County  iu  Virginia,  and 
Charles  River  in  Massachusetts.  He 
gave  the  English  names  on  Smith's 
map  of  New  England  (CCCLIV.). 

Stuart,  Princess  dizabeth.  The 
eldest  daughter  of  James  I.  ;  born 
August  19,  1590  ;  married  February 
14:,  1013  ;  Queen  of  Bohemia,  1019  ; 
exile  after  the  battle  of  Prague,  No- 
vember 9,  1620;  widow,  1632;  settled 
in  England,  1600,  and  died  in  Loudon 
February  13,  1662.  From  ■whom  the 
present  royal  line  of  England.  The 
Potomac  is  named  for  her,  in  CLVIII. 
(map)  "  Elizabeth  River."  On  May  17, 
1620,  the  Virginia  Council  published  a 
broadside  to  be  sent  to  America,  from 
which  I  extract  :  "  First,  we  ordaine 
and  require,  that  in  convenient  time, 
after  the  sight  and  publication  hereof, 
the  foure  ancient  generall  Burroughs, 
called  James  City,  Henrico,  Charles 
City,  and  Kicowtan  (which  hereafter 
shall  be  called  Elizabeth  City,  by  the 
name  of  his  Maiesties  most  vertuous 
and  renowned  daughter),  as  also  the 
other  severall  particular  Plantations," 
etc.  I  suppose  that  "  Cape  Elizabeth," 
on  Smith's  map  of  New  England  was 
also  named  for  her. 

Stuart,  Prince  Henry,  merchant- 
tailor.  Eldest  son  of  James  I.  ;  born 
at  Stirling  Castle,  February  19,  1594; 
baptized  August  30,  1594,  with  the 
first  Protestant  baptismal  rites  ever 
administered  to  a  prince  in  Grea*t 
Britain  ;  created  Prince  of  ^Yales, 
May  30,  1610.  Interested  in  sliips 
and  naval  aifairs,  commerce,  and  dis- 
coveries, and  especially  in  the  coloni- 
zation of  America  by  the  English  ; 
made  a  study  of  the  West  Indies,  and 
Sir  Charles  Cornwallis  says,  "  It  was 
his  exjiressed  desire,  if  the  King  his 
father  should  on  any  occasion  think 
proper  to  break  with  Spain,  that  he 
would  himselfe,  if  his  Majesty  would 
permit,  undertake  the  execution  of  the 


attempt  against  the  Spanish  posses- 
sions in  America."  Among  his  ser- 
vants were  tiie  celebrated  mathemati- 
cian, Edward  Wright,  Phineas  Pett, 
the  shipbuilder,  and  Solomon  de  Caus, 
whom  Arago  regarded  as  the  inventor 
of  the  "machine  k  feu"  (steam-en- 
gine). The  prince  was  a  friend  to  Ra- 
legh, who  wrote  for  him,  "  Of  the  Art 
of  War  by  Sea,"  "Of  a  Maritime  Voy- 
age, with  the  Passages  and  Incidents 
therein,"  and  his  "  General  History  of 
the  World."  He  had  a  little  quiet 
humor,  and,  iu  1611,  was  the  patron  of 
Coryat's  "  Crudities,  Hastily  gobled 
up  in  five  Moneths  travells  iu  France, 
Savoy,"  etc.;  with  engravings  by  W. 
Hole,  and  poems  by  many,  in  a  high 
panegyric  style  ;  and  I  am  not  at  all 
sui'e  but  that  some  of  the  same  ideas 
obtained  in  the  bringing  forth  of 
Smith's  "  New  England  "  in  1616,  to 
which  his  brother.  Prince  Charles,  was 
the  patron. 

Henry,  Prince  of  Wales  died  of 
typhoid  fever,  to  the  great  grief  of  the 
whole  nation  "  on  Friday,  November 
6,  1612,  between  7  and  8  a  clocke  at 
night,"  and  was  buried  in  Westminster 
Abbey.  The  prince's  chaplain.  Dr. 
Daniel  Price,  preached  a  sermon  in 
the  chapel  December  0,  and  George 
Abbot,  Archbishop  of  Canterbury, 
preached  his  funeral  sermon  iu  the 
Abbey  December  7,  1012.  Cape 
Henry  was  named  for  him  in  1007  ; 
the  York  River  was  named  for  him  in 
1007  or  1008  ;  the  city  of  Henricus  or 
Henricopolis  (in  the  bend  of  James 
River  at  Dutch  Gap)  was  named  for 
him  in  1011,  and  tlie  old  county  of 
Henrico  at  a  later  day. 

The  sorrow  at  the  death  of  this 
prince  was  very  great.  At  the  Uni- 
versity of  Oxford,  Dr.  William  Good- 
win preached  a  funei-al  sermon  ; 
Richard  Corbet  delivered  a  funeral 
oration,  and  the  university  afterwards 
published  a  collection  of  Memorial 
Verses.  At  the  University  of  Cam- 
bridge, the  sermon  was  preached  by 
Dr.  Valentine  Cary  ;  the  oration  de- 
livered by  Francis  Nethersole,  and 
another  collection  of  Memorial  Verses 
was  published  by  this  university  ;  and 
still  another  by  Magdalen  College  in 
Oxford  ;  and  Dr.  Leonel  Sharpe  pub- 
lished likewise  a  funeral  oration  in 
Latin.      The    following    noets    wrote 


1026 


STUART 


elegies:  Sir  William  Alexander,  Robert 
Allyne,  Lord  Bacon,  Dominic  Baudius, 
of  Leydeii,  Christopher  Brooke,  Wil- 
liam Browne,  George  Chapman,  Alex- 
ander Craig,  John  Donne,  William 
Drummond,  Thomas  Heyward,  Hugh 
Holland,  James  Maxwell,  Walter 
Quinn,  Joshua  Sylvestei*,  William 
Rowley,  John  Taylor,  Cyril  Tourneur, 
John  Warde,  John  Webster,  George 
AVither,  etc. 

Stuart,  King  James,  clothworker. 
The  first  of  the  Stuart  line  of  the  kings 
of  England,  was  born  in  Edinburgh 
Castle,  June  19,  1566  ;  succeeded  his 
mother,  Mary  Queen  of  Scots,  as 
King  of  Scotland,  July  24,  1567,  and 
was  crowned  at  Stirling,  July  29. 
Married  Anne  of  Denmark,  November 
24, 1589  ;  endeavored  to  restore  peace 
in  Europe  in  1590  ;  proclaimed  King 
of  England  on  the  death  of  Queen 
Elizabeth,  March  24,  and  was  crowned 
at  Westminster,  July  25, 1603 ;  Hamp- 
ton Court  conference,  January  14-17, 
1604,  which  resulted  in  a  new  transla- 
tion of  the  Bible.  He  favored  mer- 
chants, and  enlarged  the  privileges  of 
the  East  India,  the  Muscovy,  the  Tur- 
key, and  the  Merchant  Adventurers 
companies  in  1604 ;  granted  first  char- 
ter to  the  Va.  companies,  April  10, 
1606  ;  articles,  orders,  etc.,  for  the  Va. 
colonies,  November  20, 1606;  an  ordi- 
nance and  constitution,  etc.,  for  said 
colonies,  March  9,  1607  ;  Jamestown 
and  James  River  were  rightly  named 
for  him,  1607  ;  in  1609,  on  April  11, 
opened  the  new  exchange ;  May  3,  or- 
dered merchandise,  etc. ,  for  Virginia 
to  go  duty  free  ;  May  11,  granted  a 
more  ample  charter  to  the  E.  I.  Co.  ; 
May  23,  granted  a  more  ample  charter 
to  the  South  Va.  Co.,  and  in  October 
encouraged  the  formation  of  a  com- 
pany to  trade  with  France  ;  May  2, 
1610,  granted  a  charter  to  the  N.  Fid. 
Co.  In  1611  the  new  translation  of 
the  Bible  was  dedicated  to  him  (read 
"The  Epistle  Dedicatory").  March 
12,  1612,  granted  a  third  charter  with 
increased  privileges  to  the  Va.  Co.  ; 
July  26,  1612,  granted  a  charter  to  the 
N.  W.  P.  Co.;  March  29, 1613,  granted 
a  charter  to  the  Irisli  Society  of  Lon- 
don for  settling  plantations  at  London- 
derry, etc.;  March  30,  1613,  granted  a 
more  ample  charter  to  the  Rus.  Co.  ; 
August  28,  1613,  granted  a  charter  for 


an  English  plantation  in  Guiana,  South 
America  ;  June  29,  1615,  granted  a 
charter  to  the  B.  I.  Co.  ;  August  26, 
1616,  license  to  Sir  Walter  Ralegh  to 
make  a  voyage  to  South  America;  No- 
vember 16, 1618,  granted  a  charter  for 
trading  to  Africa  ;  November  3,  1620, 
granted  a  charter  to  the  New  England 
Colony  ;  December  31,  1622,  gianted 
a  charter  for  a  plantation  in  Avalon 
(Newfoundland).  In  the  factions  of 
the  Va.  Co.  of  London,  he  favored  the 
merchant  party,  as  "he  conceived 
merchants  to  be  fittest,  for  the  man- 
agement of  such  undertakings,  because 
of  their  experience  and  skill  in  staple 
commodities,"  etc.  I  believe  that  he 
showed  good  judgment  in  this  opinion, 
as  well  as  in  the  selection  of  the  men 
whom  he  proposed  to  the  company  for 
the  offices  of  treasurer  and  deputy. 
He  was  a  constant  friend  to  the  col- 
onies. He  agreed  to  the  treaty  for 
the  Spanish  marriage  in  July,  1623  ; 
broke  off  the  treaty  in  December  fol- 
lowing, and  declared  war  on  Spain, 
March  10,  1624  ;  June  16,  1624,  the 
"charter  of  the  company  of  English 
Merchants  trading  to  Virginia"  was 
declared  by  Chief  Justice  Lee  to  be 
null  and  void,  and  the  colony  was 
taken  immediately  under  the  protec- 
tion of  the  crown.  He  died  at  Theo- 
bald's March  27, 1625,  and  was  buried 
in  Westminster  Abbey. 

King  James  was  a  human  being;  he 
had  faults.  It  is  said  that  he  swore 
like  a  trooper,  hunted  with  hounds, 
hated  war,  and  did  many  things  which 
he  ought  not  to  have  done ;  but  he  had 
some  good  qualities  also,  he  loved 
books,  literature,  arts,  and  peace.  I 
believe  that  he  loved  his  country,  and 
to  the  best  of  his  ability  and  judgment 
tried  to  maintain  the  English  Church, 
to  preserve  peace,  and  to  advance  the 
English  nation  by  increasing  trades 
and  traffics,  by  encouraging  merchants, 
commerce,  colonization,  and  discover- 
ies. But  the  king  of  England  was  of 
"  the  bare-legged  Scottish  nation  from 
over  the  border,"  and  this  was  "  the 
bitter  pill "  to  many  Englishmen. 

War  had  been  almost  the  only  pro- 
fession of  princes,  and  it  still  had  ad- 
vocates, but  imder  his  peaceful  policy 
the  colonies  in  America  and  the  com- 
merce of  East  India  were  established. 
The  corner-stone  of  the   present  pros- 


STUART 


1027 


perity  of  the  united  kingdom  of  Great 
Britain  and  Ireland  was  laid.  The 
onward  march  of  the  P^nglish-speaking 
people  over  the  face  of  the  earth  be- 
gan. It  may  be  that  he  has  found  but 
few  friends  among  the  historians  of 
America,  yet  I  am  sure  that  America 
has  more  cause  to  bless  him  than  to 
blame  him. 

He  has  been  condemned  for  the  part 
taken  by  him  in  the  annual  elections  of 
the  Va.  Co.  of  London  during  1620-24; 
and  for  the  character  of  the  men  rec- 
ommended by  him  as  suitable  for  offi- 
cers of  that  company  ;  yet  his  active 
interest  in  these  affairs  make  evident 
his  especial  and  personal  interest  in 
the  success  of  the  movement,  and  those 
recommended  by  him  as  suitable  for 
officers  were  certainly  thoroughly 
qualified  business  men,  as  their  sketches 
in  this  Dictionary  will  prove.  He  is 
also  condemned  for  appointing  the  com- 
missions of  May  9,  1623,  and  of  June 
24,  1624,  and  for  the  tasks  assigned  to 
them  ;  but  it  must  now  be  conceded 
that  these  acts  were  necessary.  Both 
commissions  are  given  in  Hazard's 
"Historical  Collections,"  vol.  i.  pp. 
155-159  and  183-188.  At  the  head  of 
the  first  was  Sir  William  Jones,  one  of 
the  justices  of  the  Court  of  Common 
Pleas,  a  distinguished  lawyer,  author 
of  first  Jones's  Reports,  18  James  I. 
to  17  Charles  I.  ;  and  under  him  were 
Sir  Nicholas  Fortescue,  Sir  Francis 
Gofton,  Sir  Richard  Sutton,  Sir  Wil- 
liam Pitt,  Sir  Henry  Bouchier,  and  Sir 
Henry  Spiller,  all  either  auditors  or 
officers  of  the  exchequer,  especially 
qualified  for  the  work  in  hand,  and  all 
of  them  disinterested  ;  none  of  them 
were  members  of  the  Va.  Co.,  or  of 
either  faction  thereof.  After  examin- 
ing the  case  thoroughly  they  made 
their  report,  which  justified  Chief 
Justice  James  Ley  (or  Lee)  (after- 
wards Earl  of  Marlborough)  in  declar- 
ing the  charter,  on  June  16,  1624, 
thenceforth  null  and  void.  And  every 
man,  appointed  by  the  Privy  Council 
on  the  commission  of  June  14  (and 
July  15)  1624,  "  for  the  well-settling 
of  the  colony  of  Virginia,"  was  an  ear- 
nest friend  of  the  object  in  view,  as 
their  sketches  in  this  Dictionary  amply 
demonstrate. 

With  our  present  knowledge  of  the 
case,  the  constant  care  of  James  I.  for 


his  American  colonies  is  evident.  It 
is  proven  by  the  records,  by  the  royal 
charters,  orders,  commissions,  etc.,  as 
well  as  by  the  remaining  contemporary 
evidence  compiled  by  the  different  fac- 
tions in  the  company.  It  is  true,  the 
Sandys  party  did  not  agree  with  him 
in  thinking  merchants  (especially  those 
of  the  E.  I.  Co.)  the  best  managers  for 
such  an  enterprise,  and  that  they  dif- 
fered with  him  in  several  other  particu- 
lars ;  but  I  cannot  find  that  even  this 
faction  ever  called  in  question,  during 
his  life,  his  good  will  for  the  enterprise, 
or  his  honesty  of  purpose,  and  in  their 
discourse  to  the  Privy  Council,  after 
his  death,  in  the  spring  of  1625,  they 
wrote,  "Amongst  the  many  glorious 
workes  of  the  late  Kinge,  there  was 
none  more  eminent,  than  his  gracious 
inclination,  together  with  ye  propaga- 
tion of  Christian  Religion,  to  advance 
and  sett  forward  a  New  Plantation  in 
the  New  World,  which  purpose  of  his 
continued  till  the  last." 

His  race  is  probably  extinct  in  the 
male  line  ;  but  continues  to  rule  a 
great  part  of  the  world  in  the  female 
lines.  Among  his  descendants  are  to 
be  found  the  names  of  almost  all  the 
reigning  princes  of  Europe:  the  Queen 
of  England  ;  the  Czar  of  Russia  ;  the 
emperors  of  Germany  and  Austria ; 
the  kings  of  Spain,  Italy,  Denmark, 
etc.  (See  London  "  Notes  and  Que- 
ries," 6  ser.  xii.  pp.  251,  252.) 

Stuart,  Ludovic,  Duke  of  Len- 
nox. Born  September  29,  1574;  suc- 
ceeded, on  the  death  of  his  father,  May 
28,  1583,  as  second  Duke  of  Lennox, 
in  Scotland  ;  held  the  high  office  of 
great  chamberlain  of  Scotland,  as  well 
as  high  admiral,  and  went  as  ambassa- 
dor from  James  VI.  of  Scotland  to 
Henry  IV.  of  France  ;  attended  King 
James  to  England  in  1603  ;  N.  W.  P. 
Co.,  1612  ;  made  Earl  of  Richmond 
October  6,  1613.  The  petition  of  the 
second  colony  of  Vii'ginia  was  referred 
to  the  Earl  of  Arundel  and  himself, 
March  3,  1620.  He  was  the  leading 
incorporator  of,  and  one  of  his  Maj- 
esty's first  council  for,  the  N.  E.  Co., 
November  3,  1620  ;  the  first  signer  of 
the  first  Plymouth  patent,  first  of  June, 
1621 ;  an  attendant  on  the  meetings  of 
the  New  England  Council,  and  a  con- 
tributor ,to  tiie  enterprise,  1620-24  ; 
created  Duke  of  Richmond  May  17, 


1028 


STUAET  —  SUTCLIFFE 


1623  ;  drew  lot  number  six  on  the 
Massachusetts  Bay,  June  29,  1623  ; 
died  February  16,  1624,  and  was  buried 
in  Westminster  Abbey,  April  19  fol- 
lowing. His  widow  (she  was  his  third 
wife,  and  he  was  her  third  husband) 
was  Frances,  daughter  of  Thomas 
Howard,  Viscount  Bindon.  She  was 
the  patroness  of  Capt.  John  Smith's 
"  General  History  "  (1624),  and  in  his 
dedication  to  her,  after  telling  her  how 
the  ladies  had  rescued  and  protected 
the  unconquerable  warrior  ("a  Julius 
Caesar")  in  Europe,  Asia,  and  Amer- 
ica, he  writes,  "  And  so  verily  these 
my  adventures  have  tasted  the  same 
influence  from  your  Gratious  hand, 
which  hath  given  birth  to  the  publica- 
tion of  this  Narration.  If  therefore 
your  Grace  shall  daigne  to  cast  your 
eye  on  this  poore  Booke,  view  I  pray 
you  rather  your  owne  Bountie  (without 
which  it  had  dyed  in  the  wombe)  then 
my  imperfections,  which  have  no  helpe 
but  the  shrine  of  your  glorious  Name 
to-be  sheltered  from  censorious  con- 
demnation." 

Frances  Howard  was  born  about 
1578  ;  married,  first,  Henry  Prannel, 
who  died  in  1599  ;  secondly,  Edward 
Seymour,  Earl  of  Hertford,  who  died 
in  1621,  and,  thirdly,  the  Earl  of 
Richmond.  She  had  no  children  by 
either  of  her  husbands,  and  was  per- 
haps the  richest  dowager  in  England  ; 
she  died  October  8, 1639.  They  moved 
in  different  circles;  but  Captain  Smith 
and  iierself  were  characters  of  the 
times.  He  was  perhaps  the  vainest 
man  and  she  the  vainest  woman  in 
England.  One  of  her  greatest  desires 
was  to  be  famous  for  her  bounty, 
which,  it  is  said,  was  sometimes  only 
"an  airy  paper-greatness."  She  was 
known  as  "  the  double  duchess  "  (Len- 
nox and  Richmond),  and  some  wags 
called  her  the  "  duchess  cut  upon 
duchess."  She  vowed,  after  having 
been  the  wife  of  so  great  a  prince  as 
Richmond,  never  to  be  blown  with  the 
kisses  of  a  subject,  and  aspired  to  the 
hand  of  King  James.  The  Duke  of 
Brunswick  went  to  see  her  ;  but  was 
only  admitted  with  the  proviso,  that 
he  must  not  oifor  to  kiss  her  ;  "  but 
what  was  wanting  in  herself,"  says 
Chamberlain,  "  was  supplied  in  her  at- 
tendants and  followers,  who  .were  all 
kissed  over  twice  in  less  than  a  quarter 


of  an  hour."  Chamberlain,  writing  to  ' 
Carleton  in  December,  1624,  says,  "  I 
cannot  forget  one  good  passage  of  the 
Duclress  of  Richmond,  that  in  discourse 
of  the  Lady  of  Southampton's  loss, 
and  how  grievously  she  took  it,  she 
used  this  argument,  to  prove  her  own 
grief  was  the  greater,  '  for,'  quoth  she, 
'I  blasphemed;'  a  witty  speech  for- 
sooth, and  worthy  to  be  put  into  the 
collection  of  the  Lord  of  St.  Alban's  - 
'  Apothegms,'  newly  set  out  this  week." 

Traces  of  this  lady  will  be  found 
in  Smith's  map  of  Ould  Virginia,  as 
"  Lenox  rocks,"  "  Howard's  Moun- 
taynes,"  "Stuard's  reach,"  "Hert- 
ford's He,"  etc.  And  in  his  list  of  the 
adventurers  for  Virginia,  1620,  he  in- 
serts the  name  of  "  Edward  Semer, 
Earle  of  Hartford  "  (her  second  hus- 
band) which  is  not  found  in  any  other 
list  that  I  have  seen.  I  cannot  find 
that  either  of  her  husbands  or  herself 
were  interested  in  South  Virginia. 

Studley,  Thomas.  The  first  Cape 
merchant  ;  died  in  Virginia,  August 
28,  1607. 

Stuteville,  Sir  Martin.  Sub. ; 

pd.  £40.  Of  Debenham  Dalham,  Suf- 
folk ;  M.  P.  Aldborough,  1601  ; 
knighted  July  21,  1604 ;  a  relative 
and  corresijondent  of  the  Rev,  Joseph 
Mead. 

Suffolke,  Earl  of.  —  Thomas  How- 
ard. 

Suffolke,  The  Ladle.  The  wife 
of  Thomas  Howard,  Earl  of  Suffolk;  a 
pensioner  of  Spain.  Bayley  says, 
"  Members  of  the  council  attend  mass, 
and  tell  their  masters'  secrets  to  their 
wives,  by  whom  they  were  betrayed  to 
the  Jesuits."  None  of  the  pensioners 
were  members  of  the  Virginia  councils; 
but  this  lady's  son,  Lord  Theophilus 
Howard,  was  of  that  council. 

Surry,  Earl  of.  — Thomas  Howard. 

Sutcliffe,  Dr.  Matthew,  of  Exeter, 

2.     Sub. ;pa.  £20.     Educated  at 

Trinity  College,  Cambridge  ;  Arch- 
deacon of  Taunton,  1586  ;  prebendary 
of  Exeter,  1588  ;  Dean  of  Exeter, 
October  22,  1588.  His  "  Treatise  of 
Ecclesiastical  Discipline,"  1590,  and 
1591  ;  "  Disputatio  de  Presbyterio," 
1591  ;  "  De  Catholica  et  Orthodoxa 
Christi  Eeclesia,"  1592.  Prebendary 
of  Wells,  1592.  His  "  An  Answere  to 
a  Cei'taine  Libel  Supplicatorie,"  etc., 
1593  ;    "  The    Practice,    Proceedings, 


r 


SUTCLIFFE  —  SYl^IOXDS 


1029 


aud  L.awes  of  Amies,  described  out  of 
tlie  doings  of  most  valiant  and  expert 
Captaines,  and  continued  botli  by 
ancient,  aud  modcrne  example^,  and 
precedents,  .  .  .  1593."  Dedicated  to 
the  Earl  of  Essex.  Another  of  his 
controversial  tracts  appeared  in  1590  ; 
three  in  1599  ;  one  in  IGOO  ;  one  in 
1603  ;  two  in  160(5,  etc. 

M.  C.  for  Va.,  March  9, 1607.  "  He 
is  best  known  for  the  attempt  lie  made 
to  found  at  Chelsea  a  College  of  Polem- 
ical Divines,  to  be  employed  in  oppos- 
ing the  doctrines  of  Papists  and  Sec- 
taries." Two  of  the  nineteen  fellows 
were  to  be  employed  in  recording  the 
chief  historical  events  of  the  era, 
"  The  first  stone  was  laid  by  King 
James,  May  8,  1609,  aud  the  charter 
of  incorporation  is  dated  May  8,  1610. 
The  king,  by  act  of  Parliament,  in 
1609,  gave  the  power  of  bringing  water 
by  means  of  engines  from  Hackney 
Marsh  to  supply  the  city  of  London 
with  water,  the  profits  to  go  to  this 
college."  "  Prince  Henry  was  a  zeal- 
ous friend  to  it  and  King  James,  a 
Learned  Prince  and  firm  Protestant, 
liked  well  of  this  Purpose  and  encour- 
aged it.  Aud  when  the  building  began 
he  laid  the  first  stone  himself  ;  and 
moreover  gave  all  the  Timber  requisite 
thereto,  which  was  to  be  fetched  from 
Windsor  Forest." 

November  3,  1620,  Dr.  Sutcliffe  was 
made  a  member  of  His  Majesty's  Coun- 
cil for  New  England.  We  find  him 
attending  the  meetings  of  this  council, 
and  in  the  proposed  division  of  the 
colony  "  on  Sondaie,"  June  29,  1623, 
Dr.  Goclie  drew  for  him  lot  4,  near 
the  present  site  of  Boston,  Massachu- 
setts. 

July  15,  1624,  he  was  one  of  the 
commission  for  winding  up  the  affairs 
of  the  Va.  Co.  of  Loudon.  He  died  in 
1629.  By  his  will,  dated  November  1, 
1628,  he  left  a  large  sum  of  money  to 
complete  his  college  ;  but  after  his 
death  the  project  fell  into  decay,  and 
his  estates  were  restored  to  his  heirs 
by  decree  of  chancery,  in  1631. 

Sutton,  Sir  Thomas,  2.   Sub. ; 

pd.  .      This    was    probably    the 

founder  of  the  Charterhouse  ;  yet,  al- 
though I  find  a  great  deal  about  him, 
I  cannot  find  that  he  was  ever  knighted, 
neither  can  I  find  any  knight  of  the 
name  (Thomas  Sutton)  in  1609.     He 


was  bom  at  Knaith,  Lincolnshire,  in 
1532  ;  educated  at  Eton  and  Cam- 
bridge, and  became  a  student  in  Lin- 
coln's Inn,  and  soon  after  traveled  in 
those  countries  as  a  gentleman,  to 
which  he  afterwards  traded  as  a  mer- 
chant ;  master  of  the  ordnance  at 
Berwick,  during  the  rebellion  of  Nor- 
thumberland ;  master-general  of  ordi- 
nance in  the  north  for  life  in  1569;  at 
the  capture  of  Edinburgh  Castle,  1-573; 
aided  in  having  the  Spanish  bills  of 
exchange  (for  defraying  the  Armada 
expenses)  protested  in  1587,  thereby 
causing  a  year's  delay.  He  married 
(about  1581)  the  widow  of  John  Dud- 
ley, Esq.  (whose  daughter,  Anne  Dud- 
ley, married  Sir  Francis  Popham),  and 
died  December  12, 1611,  without  issue, 
leaving  to  charitable  use  a  fortune 
superior  to  that  of  any  private  gentle- 
man of  his  time. 

S-wift,  James,  2.     Sub. ;  pd. 

£25.  Ensign ;  came  to  Virginia  in  1609. 
Early  in  1620  he  signed  the  "  Peti- 
cion  of  Sundry  Antient  adventurers  to 
have  some  man  of  qualitye  sent  Gov- 
ernor unto  Virginia."  About  the 
same  time,  in  February,  1620,  a  grant 
of  lands  in  Virginia  was  issued  to 
Doctor  Bolnm,  James  Swift,  and  their 
associates  for  transportation  of  300 
persons  to  Virginia. 

Swinhow,  "George,  3.  Sub.  £37 
10s.;  pd.  £62  10s.     Of  N.  W.  P.  Co. 

S-winhow,  John,  stationer,  2. 
Sub. ;  pd.  £L5. 

Symonds,  Rev.  "William.  Born 
in  Oxfordshire,  about  1557;  at  Mag- 
dalen College,  Oxford,  in  1573,  and 
six  years  later  was  a  fellow  thereof. 
About  ]  579  he  received  a  curacy,  the 
gift  of  the  Lord  Willoughby,  at  Hat- 
ton  Holgate,  Dioc.  Lincoln,  where  he 
remained,  it  is  said,  until  1605  or 
1606.  He  published  ''  Pisgah  P>van- 
gelica  "  in  1605.  He  preached  a  ser- 
mon at  Paul's  Cross,  Januarv  12,  1606 
(1607?)  which  was  published  in  1607, 
at  which  time  he  was  probably  the 
preacher  at  St.  Saviour's,  Southwark. 
As  he  was  the  "  preacher  at  Saint 
Saviour's  in  Southwarke,"  he  probably 
bajitized  John  Harvard  (the  founder 
of  Harvard  College,  Mass.)  there,  on 
November  29,  1607.  He  preached 
the  first  sermon  before  the  Va.  Co.  of 
London,  April  25,  1609  (LXXXVL). 
In  1612,  at  the  suggestion,  it  seems,  of 


1030 


SYMONDS  —  THORNE 


the  Rev.  Mr.  Crashaw,  he  seems  to 
have  acted  a  friendly  part  by  his  fel- 
low-servant Captain  Smith  (both  of 
them  had  been  servants  to  Lord 
Willoughby)  in  looking  over  his  col- 
lections, and  probably  aided  in  hav- 
ing them  published  at  Oxford.  Sy- 
mouds  was  not  a  member  of  the  Va. 
Co.,  and  the  exact  part  taken  by  him 
in  the  transaction  is  not  clear;  but  it 
seems  evident  that  Smith  and  certain 
members  of  his  faction,  who  returned 
to  England,  taking  advantage  of  the 
troubles  in  Virginia,  succeeded  in 
making  a  favorable  impression  on  the 
good  clergymen,  Crashaw,  Purchas, 
and  Symonds,  and  in  securing  their 
patronage. 

I  suppose  Chamberlain  refers  to 
him  in  \ys  letter  of  August  1,  1613, 
where  he  writes  that  "old  Simons  of 
Oxfordshire  is  dead."  If  so,  he  could 
have  had  nothing  to  do  with  re- 
vising the  narrative  (as  Smith  leads 
us  to  suppose),  as  given  in  the  "  Gen- 
eral History." 

It  was  a  comfort  to  him  that  no 
"sonnes  of  Anak"  [Numbers  13:  33] 
were  found  in  America. 

Talbot,  George,  sixth  Earl  of 
Shrewsbury.  Had  charge  of  Mary 
Queen  of  Scots,  1568-84  ;  interested 
in  Fenton's  and  Carleill's  voyages, 
1582-84;  died  November  18,  1590; 
married,  first,  Gertrude,  daughter  of 
Thomas  Manners,  Earl  of  Rutland, 
by  whom  four  sons  and  three  daugh- 
ters; secondly,  "  Besse  of  Hardwick" 
(see  William  Lord  Cavendish),  by 
whom  no  issue. 

Talbot,   Gilbert,  seventh  Earl  of 

Shrewsbury,  3.     Sub. ;    pd. . 

Succeeded  hi^  father  in  1590  ;  mar- 
ried Mary  Cavendish,  daughter  of  his 
step-mother  ;  of  the  N.  W.  P.  Co., 
1612;  died  in  May,  1616,  leaving  three 


daughters,  namely,  Mary,  married  to 
William  Herbert,  Earl  of  Pembroke; 


Elizabeth,  married  to  Henry  Grey, 
Earl  of  Kent  (see  Gray — Grey);  Ala- 
thea,  married  to  Thomas  Howard, 
Earl  of  Arundel. 

Tanfield,  Sir  Laurence.  N.  Fid. 
Co. ;  of  the  Inner  Temple,  1569  ; 
reader,  1595  ;  created  Serjeant  at 
law,  January  28,  1603  ;  M.  P.  Ox- 
fordshire, 1604—11  ;  justice  of  the 
King's  Bench,  January  13,  1606  ; 
chief  baron  of  the  Exchequer,  June 
25,  1607;  died  April  30,  1625,  buried 
at  Burford,  Oxfordshire,  June  9. 

Tanner,    John,    grocer,    2.     Sub. 

;  pd. .     "  Late  apprentice  to 

Henry  ])odd,  entered  and  sworn,  No- 
vember 24,  1602  ;  still  found  on  the 
warden's  book  of  the  Grocers'  Com- 
pany, 1612." 

Tate,  Francis,  esquire,  3.  Sub. 
£37  10s.  ;  pd.  £25.  Second  son  of 
Bartholomew  Tate,  Esq.,  of  De  la 
Prd  Abbev  ;  born  in  1560  ;  barrister 
of  the  Middle  Temple  ;  M.  P.  for 
Northampton,  1601,  and  for  Shrews- 
bury, 1604-11;  was  a  famous  lawyer 
and  antiquary;  died  1617,  s.  p. 

Tate,  Lewis,  3.  Sub.  £37  10s. 
pd.  £25. 

Taverner,    John,    gent.,    2.     Sub. 

;  jpd.  £37  10s.     Probably  went  to 

Virginia  in  1606.  "  January  7,  1618, 
Mr.  John  Taverner,  surrendered  to 
Mr.  David  Wiffin,  a  bill  of  Adventure 
of  £37  10s.;  three  shares."  "March 
17,  1619,  Mr.  John  Taverner,  allowed 
a  personal  share  of  100  acres"  (show- 
ing that  he  had  been  to  Virginia  at  his 
own  charge).  "June  7,  1619,  John 
Taverner  to  Thomas  Sheppard,  three 
shares  in  Va."  (From  Va.  Co.  Rec- 
ords. ) 

Taylor,  "Williani,  haberdasher,  2. 

Sub. ;  pd.  £12  10s.     Died  1651; 

see  Will  in  "  N.  E.  Register,"  April, 
1888,  pp.  177,  178.  His  second  wife 
was  sister  to  Rev.  John  Wilson,  the 
first  minister  of  Boston,  Mass. 

Thane,  Viscount.  —  Francis  Lord 
Norris. 

Thanet,  Earl  of.  —  Nicholas  Tuf- 
ton. 

Thesham.     See  Tresham. 

Thome,  Robert,  merchant-tailor. 
Son  of  Nicholas;  was  born  in  Bristol, 
and  removed  to  London,  where  he 
became  a  prosperous  merchant.  In 
1.527  he  wrote  his  exhortation  to 
Henry  \'III.,  and  discourse  to  Doctor 


SIR   RALPH   WINWOOD 


THORXE  —  THROCKMORTON 


1031 


Lee  in  favor  of  American  Discoveries, 
etc.  In  1531  he  united  with  Lord  de 
la  WaiT  in  founding  tlie  Bristol  Gram- 
mar School.  He  died  a  bachelor  in 
1532,  in  the  fortieth  year  of  his  age, 
and  was  buried  in  St.  Christopher's, 
London,  under  "  a  very  fair  Tomb  of 
pure  touch  in  the  Soutli  side  of  the 
Quire."  (The  Bank  of  England  now 
occupies  the  site  of  this  churcli.) 
Thorne  gave  over  £4,445  to  pious 
uses;  £5,142  to  his  poor  kindred;  and 
he  gave  those  who  owed  him  their  in- 
debtedness. Hakluyt,  referring  to 
Thome's  book  and  map  of  1527,  says 
they  were  "  preserved  by  one  Master 
Emmanuel  Lucar,  the  executor  of 
Master  Robert  Thorne,  and  was 
friendly  imparted  unto  me  by  Master 
Cyprian  Lucar  his  sonne."  This  is 
not  exactly  correct. 

Emmanuel  Lucar,  of  London,  es- 
quire, married,  first,  Elizabeth,  daugh- 
ter of  Paul  Withipole,  of  Waltham- 
stow,  who  was  Thome's  executor ; 
secondly,  Joane  Turnbull,  and  she  was 
Cyprian  Lucar' s  mother. 

In  1535  Paul  Withipole  built  a 
chapel  at  Walthamstow  in  Robert 
Thome's  memory.  In  1600  Edmund 
Withipole  sold  the  Rectory  of  Wal- 
thamstow to  Sir  Reginald  Argall. 
The  manor  had  been  granted  to 
Thomas  Argall  in  1563,  and  his  grand- 
son. Sir  Samuel  Argall,  sometime  gov- 
ernor of  Virginia,  resided  there  in  his 
old  age  (see  Argall  pedigree). 

Thornton,  Robert,  2.     Sub. ; 

pd.  £25. 

Thorpe,  George,  esquire,  3.     Sub. 

;  pd.  £25.  Son  of  Nicholas  Thorpe, 

of  Wanswell  Court,  by  his  first  wife, 
Mary  Wikes,  alias  Mason,  niece  of 
Sir  John  Mason,  a  counselor  of  state; 
was  baptized  January  1,  1576  (see 
Throckmorton  pedigree);  a  captain;  a 
gentleman  pensioner;  a  gentleman  of 
the  king's  privv  chamber;  M.  P. 
Portsmouth,  1614;  M.  C.  for  Va.  Co. 
He  sold  his  lands  in  England,  and  in 
1618  formed  a  partnershij)  for  making 
a  private  plantation  in  Virginia  with 
Sir  W.  Throckmorton,  Jolin  Smith,  of 
Nibley,  Richard  Berkeley  (whom  see), 
and  others.  Thorpe  was  much  inter- 
ested in  converting  the  Indians;  had 
taken  an  Indian  boy  and  taught  him  to 
write  (see  John  Smith,  of  Nibley) ; 
went   to  Virginia   himself  in  March, 


1620,  where  he  was  manager  of  the 
college  lands  anil  a  member  of  the 
council  ;  took  especial  interest  in  the 
Indians,  making  a  study  of  their  views 
of  Religion  and  Astronomy  ;  became 
convinced  that  "  all  the  past  ill  success 
was  owing  to  the  not  seeking  of  God's 
glory  in  converting  the  Natives,  which 
are  peaceable  and  wanted  but  meanes ; " 
was  massacred  by  the  Indians  March 
21,  1622.  Capt.  (ieorge  Thorpe  was 
twice  married  ;  first  to  Margaret, 
daughter  of  Sir  Thomas  Porter,  who 
died  s.  p.  ;  and  secondly  to  Margaret, 
daughter  of  David  Harris;  she  died 
in  1629.  Their  son,  William  Thorpe, 
was  also  twice  mari'ied,  his  first  wife 
(married  in  1636)  being  Ursula,  daugh- 
ter of  John  Smith,  of  Nibley,  the  an- 
tiquary. 

Throckmorton,   Sir  William,  3. 

Sub. ;  pd.  £75.     Of  Totworth  in 

(xloucestershire  ;  son  and  heir  of  Sir 
Thomas  '^  Throckmorton  (see  pedi- 
gree). For  some  account  of  his  plan- 
tation in  Virginia,  see  George  Thorpe 
and  John  Smith,  of  Nibley;  created  a 
baronet  by  King  James,  June  29,  1611; 
was  thrice  married  and  left  issue. 

Throckmorton  Pedigree.  Wil- 
liam^  Throckmorton,  sheriff  of  Glouces- 
tershire, 21  Henry  VIII ,  was  the 
father  of  Margaret  ^  and  Sir  Thomas  -. 
Mai'garet  '^  Throckmorton  (who  died 
in  1566)  married  Thomas  Thorpe; 
they  were  the  parents  of  Nicholas  ^, 
the  father  of  Capt.  George  *  Thorpe. 

Sir  Thomas  ^  Throckmorton,  who 
died  in  1586,  was  the  father  of  Sir 
Thomas  ^  and  Anne  ^. 

Sir  Tiiomas  ^  Throckmorton  mar- 
ried Elizabeth  Berkeley,  aunt  of  Rich- 
ard Berkeley,  Esq.,  and  had  issue:  — 

i.  Sir  William  *  Throckmorton. 

ii.  Elizabeth  *,  wife  of  Sir  Thomas 
Dale. 

iii.  Mary  *  married,  first  Sir  Thomas 
Baskerville,  and,  secondly,  Sir  James 
Scudamore. 

Anne  ^,  daiighter  of  Sir  Thomas  ^, 
married  Sir  John  Tracey  and  had  is- 
sue :  — 

i.  Sir  John  *  Tracey,  married  Mary, 
daughter  of  Sir  Thomas  Shirley. 

ii.  William^  Tracey,  married  Mary 
Conway. 

iii.  Dorothy*  (or  Anne*)  Tracey, 
married,  first,  Edmond  Bray,  of  Bar- 
ington ;  secondly,  Sir  Edward  Conway. 


1032 


TIMBERLAKE  -  TRESHAM 


iv.  Mary  *  Tracey,  married,  first, 
Hoby,  and,  secondly,  Sir  Horace  Vere. 

Timberlake,  Henry,  3.    Sub. ; 

pd.  £37  10s.  Also  of  the  E.  I.  and  N. 
W.  P.  companies.  He  had  traveled  in 
the  East,  and  in  1603  he  published 
"  A  True  and  strange  discourse  of  the 
travailes  of  two  English  Pilgrimes  : 
what  admirable  accidents  befell  them 
in  their  Journey  to  Jerusalem,  Gaza, 
Grand  Cayro,  Alexandria  and  other 
places.  Also,  what  Antiquities,  Monu- 
ments, and  notable  memories,  they 
sawe  in  Terra  Sancta.  .  .  .  Written 
by  one  of  them  ;  on  the  behalfe  of 
himselfe,  and  his  fellowe  Pilgrinie. 
Imprinted  at  London,  for  Thomas 
Archer,  .  .  .  1603."  Followed  by 
other  editions  in  1608,  1609,  1611, 
etc.  These  two  Pilgrimes,  may  have 
suggested  to  Purclias  his  I'ilgrimages, 
his  Pilgrimes,  and  his  Pilgrim. 

Tindall.     See  Tyndall. 

Todkill,  Anas,  went  to  Virginia 
in  1606,  as  a  servant  to  Capt.  John 
Martin ;  probably  returned  to  England. 

Tomlins,  Richard,  esquire,  3. 
Sub.  £37  10s.  ;  pd.  £37  10s.  Prob- 
ably Richard  Tomlins,  of  Westminster, 
who  was  M.  P.  for  Ludlow,  1621-22; 
1624-25,  1625,  1626,  and  1628-29. 
He  was  elected  M.  C.  for  Va.  Co.  in 
May,  1623. 

Totness,  Earl  of.  —  George  Lord 
Carew. 

To"werson,  William.  Of  Tower 
Street;  made  a  voyage  to  the  coast  of 
Guinea  about  1555  ;  was  a  Merchant 
Adventurer  ;  interested  in  the  voy- 
ages of  Fenton  and  John  Davis.  He 
married  the  widow  of  Richard  Atkin- 
son, Sr. 

Towler,    Charles,    2.     Sub. ; 

pd.  £12  10s. 

Townsend,    Sir    John,    2.      Sub. 

£37  10s. ;  pd. .  Of  Salop ;  knighted 

at  Sir  John  Fortescue's  in  1003  ;  M. 
P.  Wycombe,  1604-11.  I  suppose  he 
was  a  brother  to  Anne  Townsend,  who 
married  John  Spt'lman,  Esq.,  the  elder 
brother  of  Henry  Spelman,  of  Vir- 
ginia. 

Townson  (see  Thomson),  Leon- 
ard, tishmonger.    Sub. ;  pd.  £25. 

Tracy,  Sir  Thomas,  3.  Sub. 
;  pd.  £;>7  10s.  Knighted  at  Salis- 
bury in  July,  1609;  M.  P.  for  Corse 
Castle,  1014,  and  for  Wilton  in  1621, 
in  which  year  he  died. 


Tracy,   "William.     Sub. ;   pd. 

.     I  take  this  to  be  the  man  who 

married  Mary  Conway  (see  Throck- 
morton pedigree).  He  sailed  from 
Bristol  in  September,  1620,  in  the  Sup- 
ply, with  emigrants  and  provisions  for 
Berkeley  Hundred  in  Virginia.  One 
of  his  daughters,  the  wife  of  Capt. 
Nathaniel  Powell,  was  massacred  by 
the  Indians  in  Virginia  in  March, 
1622. 

Tradescant,  John.  Pd.  £25.  Said 
to  have  been  of  Flemish  origin.  After 
traveling  through  Europe  and  in  the 
East,  he  settled  in  England  ;  one  of 
the  first  collectors  of  natural  curios- 
ities ;  a  partner  in  Argall's  Virginia 
plantation  in  February,  1617;  with  Sir 
Dudley  Digges  to  Russia  in  1618; 
went  on  the  expedition  of  Mansell  and 
Argall  against  the  Algerine  corsairs,  in 
order  to  obtain  the  Algier  apricot, 
1620  ;  George  Sandys  wrote  to  him 
from  Virginia  in  1623.  He  was  in  the 
service  of  George  Villiers,  Duke  of 
Buckingham,  and  July  31,  1625,  he 
wrote  to  Edward  Nicholas  that  it  was 
the  duke's  pleasure  for  him  to  deal 
with  all  merchants  from  all  places  ; 
but  especially  from  Virginia,  Ber- 
mudas, Newfoundland,  Guinea,  Bin- 
ney,  the  Amazon,  East  Indies,  etc.,  for 
all  manner  of  rare  beasts,  fowls  and 
birds,  shells,  stones,  etc.;  afterwards 
in  the  service  of  Charles  I.;  died  in 
1638;  his  sou  John  in  1642,  and  his 
grandson  John  in  1652.  The  widow 
of  the  last  erected,  in  1662,  a  tomb  at 
Lambeth  to  "  John  Tradescant,  grand- 
sire,  father,  and  son."  They  are  much 
confused  in  their  biographies.  In  1631 
Capt.  John  Smith  left  a  part  of  his 
books  to  "  Master  John  Tradeskyn." 
In  1637  John  Tradescant  (the  son,  I 
believe)  was  in  Virginia  gathering  all 
varieties  of  flowers,  plants,  shells,  etc. 

Tragabigzanda.  See  CliaratzaTra- 
gabigzanda. 

Tresham  (see  Thesam),  Sir  Lewis, 

3.     Sub.  ;  pd. .     Second  son 

of  Sir  Thomas  Tresham,  by  his  wife 
Muriel,  daughter  of  Sir  Robert  Throck- 
morton. 

The  elder  brother.  Sir  Francis  Tresh- 
Jim,  was  involved  in  the  Gunpowder 
Plot  ;  was  attainted  of  high  treason, 
and  succeeded  by  his  younger  brother, 
Lewis,  of  whom  I  write. 

•'  Lewis    Tresham,     of    the    Inner 


TREVOR  — TUCKER 


1033 


Temple,  fi[ent.,  bachelor,  aged  25,  son 
of  Sir  Thomas  Tresame,  knight,  was 
niariiecl  in  March,  1003,  to  Mary 
Perrye,  maiden,  aged  23,  daughter  of 
Mrs.  Moore,  wife  of  Alderman  John 
Moore,  at  St.  Bartholomew,  Exchange, 
London."  lie  was  created  a  baronet, 
June  29,  IGll;  knighted  at  Whitehall, 
April  <),  1012  ;  died  in  1G39. 

Trevor,  Sir  John,  2.     Sub.  ; 

pd.  £70.  Second  son  of  John  Trevor, 
Esq.  (who  died  July  1.5,  1.589),  of  Tre- 
vallyn.  County  Denbigh,  by  his  wife 
Mary,  daughter  of  Sir  George  Bruges, 
knight,  of  London. 

"  He  was  of  Plas  Teg,  which  he 
built  ;  "  married.  May  24,  1592,  Mar- 
garet, daughter  of  Hugh  Trevannon, 
Esq.;  M.  P.  Rcigate,  1592-93, 1597-98, 
and  1601 ;  secretary  to  Earl  of  Notting- 
ham (the  lord  admiral),  and  surveyor 
of  the  royal  navy  to  Elizabeth  and 
James  I.  ;  knighted  at  tlie  Tower,  May 
13,  1603  ;  made  steward  and  receiver 
of  Windsor  Castle  for  life,  June  6, 
160.3  ;  made  keeper  of  the  house  and 
park  at  Oatlands,  for  life,  November  4, 
1603;  M.  P.  for  Bletchinglev,  1604-11; 
M.  C.  for  Va.,  1606  ;  M.  C.  for  Va. 
Co.,  1609  ;  M.  P.  for  Bletchinglev, 
1614,  and  for  Bodmin  in  1621-22. 
"February  22,  162^,  Sir  John  Trevor 
ye  father  transfers  to  Sh'  John  ye  Somie 
2  shares  of  land  in  Virginia."  In  1625 
he  was  M.  P.  for  East  Looe.  He  died 
in  1630,  leaving  (with  other  issue) 
"  Sir  John  ye  sonne,"  who  was  knighted 
in  1619,  and  died  in  1673.  The  father 
is  generally  omitted  in  the  peerages, 
where  "ye  sonne"  of  the  same  name 
has  taken  his  place.  Sir  .John  Trevor, 
the  son,  was  M.  P.  for  Countv  Den- 
bigh, 1621-22,  Flint,  1021-25',  1625, 
Great  Bedwin,  1628-29,  and  for 
Grampound  in  the  Long  Parliament, 
1640-53. 

Trevor,    Sir    Richard,    3.     Sub. 

;  pd.    .     Of    Allington    and 

Trevallyn,  County  Denbigh  ;  eldest 
son  of  John  Trevor,  Esq.,  and  brother 
of  Sir  John  aforesaid  ;  knighted  by 
Lord  Deputy  Sir  William  KusscU  in 
the  Glvnes,'  Ireland,  May  8,  1597  ; 
M.  P.  Bletchingley  (Surrey),  1597-98; 
married  Catherine,  daugliter  of  Roger 
Puleston,  Esq.  He  was  living  in  1612, 
but  the  date  of  his  death  is  not  known 
to  me.  He  left  four  daughters,  his 
co-heirs. 


Trinity  House,  3.     Sub. ;  pd. 

£150.  "  The  Ends  and  Intents  of  the 
Foundation  of  the  ancient  Corporation 
of  Mariners,  the  Guild  of  the  most 
glorious  and  undivideable  Trinity,  were 
for  the  Encrease  and  Encouragement 
of  Navigation,  for  the  good  govern- 
ment and  training  of  Pilots  and  sea- 
men for  the  better  security  of  ships  at 
Sea." 

Troughton  (Throughton),  An- 
drevr,  3.     Sub.  £37  ;  pd.  £25. 

Tucker,  Daniel,  2.     Sub. ;  pd. 

£31  OS.  Son  of  George  Tucker,  of 
Milton  in  Kent,  by  his  wife  Mary, 
daughter  of  John  Hunter,  of  Gaunte. 
He  was  nearly  related  to  "  Mr.  Tucker, 
the  searcher  at  Gravesend  "  in  1619. 

He  sailed  for  North  Va.  with  Chal- 
lons,  in  1606  ;  was  a  leading  man  in 
South  Va.,  for  five  years,  1608-13  ; 
commissioned  governor  of  the  Ber- 
mudas, February  1.5,  161  ^ ;  in  that 
island  from  May,  1616,  to  about  Janu- 
ary, 161 1.  He  was  one  of  tliose  who 
signed  the  petition  to  the  council,  in 
1619-20,  "  to  have  some  man  of  quali- 
tye  sent  Governor  unto  Vii-ginia ; " 
patented  lands  in  Virginia  in  1021 ;  was 
living  in  the  Bermudas  in  1623,  and 
died  there,  at  Port  Royal,  February 
10, 102 1 ,  leaving  children  there.  Many 
of  his  descendants  are  now  distin- 
guished citizens  of  the  United  States. 


Tucker,   George,   gent.,  3.     Sub. 

;  pd.  £12  10s.     Eldest  brother  of 

Daniel  ;  was  of  Milton  in  Kent  ;  mar- 
ried, first,  Elizabeth,  daugliter  of  Fran- 
cis Staughton,  and,  secondly,  Mary, 
daugliter  of  John  Darrell,  of  Cadehill, 
esquire  ;  by  his  first  wife  he  had  a  son, 
George  (aged  25  in  1619),  and  by  his 
second  three  sons  (John,  Robert,  and 
Henry)  and  six  daughters.  He  was 
of  the  N.  W.  P.  Co.;  held  ten  shares 
of  land  in  the  Bermudas,  and  was  a 
leading  member  of  the  Warwick  party 
in  the  Va.  Co.  His  daughter  Elizabeth 
married  Thomas  Legat,  half-brother  to 
Capt.  John  Legat. 

His  son,  Henry  Tucker  (born  in 
1611),  and  probably  other  sons  also. 


1034 


TUCKER  — TURNER 


went  to  the  Bermudas.    Their  clesceud- 
ants  are  also  in  the  United  States. 


Tucker,  John.  Probably  son  of 
William  Tucker,  of  Tlirouley  in  Devon- 
shire. If  so,  he  was  uncle  to  Daniel 
and  George  Tucker. 

Tucker,  Lieutenant  Thomas. 
(Probably  brother  to  John.  His  grand- 
daughter, Mary  Starkey,  married 
Thomas  Young,  portreeve  of  Graves- 
end  and  Milton  in  1619.) 

Tucker,  William,  gent.,  3.  Sub. 
£37  10s. ;  pd.  £25.  (See  Capt.  James 
Erizo.)  .  He  sent  over  two  men  with 
Ralph  Hamor  in  January,  1617,  and 
either  went  over  at  this  time,  or  soon 
after,  himself  ;  a  member  of  the  First 
House  of  Burgesses  for  the  borough  of 
"  Kiccowtan  "  (afterwards  Elizabeth 
City)  on  Jidy  30,  1619.  After  the 
massacre  of  March,  1622,  he  was  ac- 
tive in  taking  revenge  upon  the  Indi- 
ans. In  January,  1623,  he  was  fight- 
ing them  along  the  River  of  Rapahan- 
ock,  "  they  being  confederates  with 
Apochankeno  ; "  a  member  of  the 
Council  in  V^irginia  prior  to  March  30, 
1623,  and  continued  in  that  office  until 
1633,  or  later.  On  July  23,  1623, 
"  Captain  William  Tucker,  commander 
of  Kicquotan  and  those  lower  parts  of 
the  country,  fell  upon  the  Nandsa- 
monds  and  Warrasqueakes,  with  vast 
spoil  to  their  corn  and  habitations,  and 
no  small  slaughter."  In  February, 
1625,  he  was  living  at  Elizabeth  City 
(aged  36),  with  his  wife  Mary  (aged 
26)  and  their  daughter  Elizabeth 
(born  in  Virginia  the  preceding 
August),  fourteen  white  servants, 
"  William  Crawshaw,  an  Indian  Bap- 
tised," Anthoney  and  Isabell,  negroes, 
and  "  William  theire  child.  Baptised ;  " 
of  the  twenty  negroes  then  in  the  col- 
ony he  owned  three.  He  had  150 
acres  of  land  in  "  Elizabeth  Cittie  and 
6.50  acres  on  ye  south  side  of  the  main 
River  over  against  Elizabeth  Cittie." 
He  made  several  voyages  to  England; 
sailed  from  Virginia  for  England  in  the 
spring  of  1630,  1632,  and  1633,  and 
possibly  made  annual  voyages.  He 
was  a  merchant,  a  trader,  and  a  protec- 
tionist ;  in    August,    1633,   he  was  in 


England,  asking  the  Privy  Council  to 
prevent  the  Dutch  from  trading  to 
Virginia,  "praying  for  a  renewal  of 
their  ancient  charter,  and  that  their 
trade  may  be  carried  on  wholly  by  the 
English,  and  the  returns  made  into 
England  only." 

He  married  Mary,  daughter  of  Rob- 
ert Thomson,  of  Watton  in  Hertford- 
shire ;  she  was  a  sister  to  the  wife  of 
Elias  Roberts,  who  was  interested  with 
Tucker  in  the  Hamor  plantation  of 
January,  1617.  Her  brothers,  Morris, 
George,  Paul,  and  William  Thomson, 
lived  in  Virginia  for  a  time,  and  her 
brother  Robert  owned  property  in 
New  England  ;  they  became  distin- 
guished men  in  England,  in  the  time  of 
the  Commonwealth.  Morris  Thomson 
was  the  father  of  John,  first  Baron 
Haversham. 

Tudor,  Elizabeth  (Queen).  "  The 
namer  of  Virginia." 

''  Spain's  Rod,  Rome's  Ruin,  Netherland's  Relief, 
Heaven's  Jem,   Earth's  Joy,   World's  Wonder, 

Nature's  Chief. 
Britain's  Blessing,  England's  Splendor, 
Religion's  Nurse,  the  Faitli's  Defender. 
Many  Daughters  have  done  vertuously,  but  thou 

excellest  them  all. 
If  Royal  Vertues  ever  crown'd  a  crown, 
If  ever  Mildness  shin'd  in  Majesty, 
If  ever  Honour  honour'd  true  Renown, 
If  ever  Courage  dwelt  with  Clemency, 
If  ever  Princess  put  all  Princes  down. 
For  Temperance,  Prowess,  Prudence,  Equity, 
This,  this  was  she,  tliat  in  despiglit  of  Death, 
Lives  still  admir'd,  ador'd,  Elizabeth." 

IFrom  her  monument  in  several  London 
churches.} 

Tufton,  Sir  Nicholas.     Sub. ; 

pd.  £80.  M.  P.  for  Peterborough  in 
1601  ;  knighted  at  Newcastle-upon- 
Tyne,  April  13,  1603  ;  admitted  into 
the  Va.  Co.  of  London,  June  10,  1618, 
and  added  to  his  Majesty's  Council 
for  that  company  ;  May  17,  1620,  one 
of  those  appointed  to  represent  the 
company  before  the  king  ;  May  23, 
1620,  Anthony  Irby  transferred  to  him 
two  shares  of  land  in  Virginia  ;  M.  P. 
for  Kent,  1624-25  ;  elevated  to  the 
peerage,  November  1,  1626,  as  Baron 
Tufton  of  Tufton,  County  Sussex,  and 
created  Earl  of  Thanet,  August  5, 
1628.  His  lordship  married  Lady 
Frances  Cecil,  daughter  of  Thomas, 
first  Earl  of  Exeter.  He  died  July  1, 
1632,  and  was  buried  at  Raynliam. 
His  younger  brother.  Sir  AVilliam  Tuf- 
ton, was  governor  of  the  Barbadoes, 
where  he  was  shot  in  1650. 

Turner,    Richard,    2.      Sub. ; 


TURNER  — VAN  LORE 


1035 


pd.  £37  10s.  Probably  tlie  master  of 
tents  and  toils. 

Turner,  Richard,  merchaut-tailor. 
Pd.  ilGi). 

Turner,  Dr.  (Peter),  2.     Sub. ; 

pd.  ilii.j.  Dr.  Peter  Turner  was  the 
son  of  Dr.  William  Turner  (1510?- 
15G8)  one  of  the  first  English  herbal- 
ists. He  was  physician  to  Ralegh,  and 
made  a  report  in  1606  on  the  decline 
of  Ralegh's  health  in  the  Tower.  He 
died  May  27,  1614,  aged  72,  and  was 
buried  in  St.  Olave's,  Tower  Street 
ward,  London. 

His  son,  William  Turner,  who  was 
afterwards  interested  in  Virginia, 
went,  in  1605,  to  Charles  Lee's  colony 
in  Guiana,  and  wrote  an  account  of 
his  voyage,  which  is  given  in  part  by 
Purchas,  vol.  iv.  pp.  1265-1267. 

Turville  (or  Turberville),  Sir  Am- 
brose, 3.     Sub. ;   pd.  .     Of 

Lincolnshire;  knighted  at  the  Charter- 
house, May  11, 1603  ;  M.  P.  Minehead, 
1604-11. 

Twide,  Richard.  Crossed  the  pres- 
ent United  States  in  1568-69  ;  died  at 
Ratcliff,  England,  in  John  Shere- 
wood's  house  there,  about  1579. 

Twisden,  Sir  William,  3.  Sub. 
£37  10s.  ;  pd.  £37  10s.  Eldest  son  of 
Roger  Twysden,  Esq.,  of  Roydon  Hall, 
Kent,  by  his  wife  Anne,  daughter  of  Sir 
Thomas  Wyatt,  of  AUington  Castle, 
beheaded  in  1553  ;  M.  P.  for  Helston 
in  1601 ;  knighted  at  the  Charterhouse, 
May  11, 1603  ;  M.  P.  Thetford,  1606- 
11  and  1614  ;  created  a  baronet,  June 
29,  1611  ;  transferred  his  three  shares 
in  Virginia  to  his  son,  Sir  Roger 
Twisden  (the  antiquary),  February  3, 
1623;  died  January  8,  i62|.  He  mar- 
ried Anne,  daughter  of  Sir  Moyle 
Finch,  baronet,  by  whom  five  sons  and 
two  daughters. 

Tyndall  (or  Tindall),  Robert,  3. 

Sub. ;  pd. .     First  voyage  to 

Virginia,  December  19,  1606,  possibly 
to  January,  1609  ;  second  voyage.  May 
to  November,  1609  ;  third  voyage, 
April,  1610,  to  June,  1611.  It  seems 
certain  that  Maguel  was  mistaken 
about  his  being  a  Roman  Catholic,  as 
at  the  time  Maguel  was  writing  (July, 
1610)  Tindall  was  still  actively  em- 
ployed in  Virginia. 

Tyrone.  Hugh  O'Neill,  Earl  of 
Tyrone,  "  The  Arch  Rebel,"  gave  the 
English  much  trouble  in  their  attempts 


to  subdue  Ireland.  After  the  flight  of 
the  Earls  of  Tyrone  and  Tyrconnel,  in 
1607,  their  vast  estates  were  forfeited 
to  the  crown,  as  well  as  those  of  Sir 
Cahir  O'Dogherty,  and  other  persons 
of  inferior  position.  These  estates, 
which  comprised  almost  the  whole  six 
northern  counties  of  Cavan,  Ferman- 
agh, Armagh,  Derry,  Tyrone,  and  Tj'r- 
connel  (now  called  Donegal),  were  the 
lands  soon  after  allotted  to  the  Prot- 
estant and  Presbyterian  colonists 
from  England  and  Scotland.  Many 
descendants  of  these  colonists  have 
since  emigrated  to  America. 

The  Earl  of  Tyrone  died  at  Rome, 
blind  and  old,  on  July  20,  1616,  and 
was  buried  with  great  pomp  in  the 
Church  of  San  Pietro  Alontorio,  under 
a  tomb,  which  no  longer  exists,  bearing 
the  following  brief  inscription  :  — 

"D.       O.       M. 

Hie     Quiescuiit     Ossa 
Hugonis   Priucipis  O'Neill." 

Tyrrel,  Francis,  grocer,  2.  Sub. 
;  pd. .  Will  was  dated  Au- 
gust 30,  1609.  Buried  September  1, 
1609,  at  Croydon,  and  his  funeral  was 
kept  at  Loudon,  the  13th  of  the  same 
month.  He  gave  £200  to  the  parish- 
ioners of  Croydon,  to  build  a  new  mar- 
ket-house; £40  to  repair  their  church, 
and  forty  shillings  a  year  to  the  poor 
of  Croydon  for  eighteen  years;  twenty- 
six  chaldrons  of  coals  yearly,  to  be 
paid  by  the  Grocers'  Company  to  the 
poor  of  the  parishes  of  St.  Mary  Mag- 
dalen Bermondsey  ;  St.  Giles  Crip- 
plegate  ;  St.  Sepulcln-e  Without  New- 
gate ;  St.  Olave  Southwark,  and  St. 
Botolph  Aldgate  ;  and  also  fourteen 
chaldrons  of  sea  coals  to  the  poor  of 
the  Grocers'  Company. 

Van  Lore,  Peter.  Pd.  £112  10s. 
A  native  of  Utrecht  ;  traded  in  Lon- 
don, and  became  an  opulent  merchant, 
jeweler,  and  money-lender  of  that 
city.  In  1595  he  tested  for  Ralegh 
some  stones  brought  from  Guiana.  In 
1603  Ralegh  owed  him  some  £600. 
Edwards  preserved  Ralegli's  letter  to 
him  of  July  1,  1616  (in  his  "  Life  of 
Ralegh,"  vol.  ii.  pp.  342,343) ;  knighted 
November  5,  1621,  and  soon  after  lent 
King  James  £20,000  on  eight  per  cent, 
interest  which  was  repaid  by  an  ex- 
chequer warrant,  July  31,  1625  ;  died 
prior  to  August,  1628,  leaving  a  sou  of 


1036 


VAN  MEDKERK  — VAUGHAN 


the  same  name,  who  was  created  a 
baronet  in  that  year,  whose  daughter 
Mary  married  Henry  Alexander,  third 
son  of  William,  first  Earl  of  Stirling. 

Van  Medkerk,  Alfonsus.  Pd. 
£25.  He  was  a  captain  and  a  Dutch- 
man. Probably  a  son  of  Adolphus 
Van  Meetkerke,  president  of  Flanders, 
who  died  in  Loudon,  October  6,  1591, 
aged  63. 

Vane  (see  Fane),  Henry,  esquire, 
3.  Sub.  £75  ;  pd.  £12  10s.  Of  Had- 
low,  Kent  ;  born  February  18,  1589  ; 
knighted  at  Whitehall,  March  28, 
1611  ;  M.  P.  for  Lostwithiel,  1614  ; 
cofferer  to  Charles,  Prince  of  Wales, 
March,  1G17;  M.  P.  for  Carlisle, 
1621-22,  1624-25,  1625,  and  1626  ; 
was  elected  for  Lostwithiel  also  in 
Parliaments  of  1621-22  and  1625,  but 
probably  selected  to  sit  for  Carlisle ; 
was  M.  P.  for  Retford,  1628-29  ;  am- 
bassador to  Holland,  Denmark,  and 
Sweden,  1631  and  1632  ;  received 
Charles  I.  at  Raby  Castle,  May,  1633; 
was  on  the  commission  for  plantations 
of  April,  1634,  at  which  time  he  was 
comptroller  of  the  royal  household  ; 
treasurer  of  the  household,  1639;  post- 
master-general, 1640  ;  M.  P.  for  Wil- 
ton, 1640  and  1640-53  ;  principal  sec- 
retary of  state  and  lord  treasurer,  and 
sworn  of  the  Privy  Council  in  1641, 
and  subsequently  dismissed  from  these 
offices,  it  is  said,  on  account  of  the 
active  part  which  he  took  against 
Strafford  ;  M.  P.  for  Kent  in  1654  ; 
died  at  Raby  Castle  near  the  close  of 
1654  (March,  1655  ?).  Ancestor  of  the 
Dukes  of  Cleveland.  When  his  son 
Henry  went  to  New  England  in  1635, 
G.  Garrard  wrote  to  Lord  Conway  : 
"  Sir  Henry  Vane  has  as  good  as  lost 
his  eldest  son,  who  is  gone  to  New  Eng- 
land for  conscience  sake  ;  he  likes  not 
the  discipline  of  the  church  of  Eng- 
land, none  of  our  ministers  will  give 
him  the  sacrament  standing,  and  no 
persuasions  of  the  Bishops  nor  author- 
ity of  his  parents  will  prevail  with 
him  ;  let  him  go."  He  was  elected 
governor  of  Massachusetts  in  1636, 
but  returned  to  England  in  1637.  He 
was  the  celebrated  Sir  Harry  Vane  of 
Cromwell's  day,  who  was  beheaded  on 
Tower  Hill  in  1662  (see  his  Life  by 
Prof.  James  K.  Hosmer). 

Vassall,  John,  gent.,  2.  Sub. 
;  pd.   £25.     "  His   father,  John 


Vassall,  a  Frenchman  (Huguenot)  of 
Rinart  by  Cane  in  Norniaud}',  was  sent 
into  England  by  his  father  by  reason 
of  the  troubles  then."  He  died  in 
England,  leaving  a  son,  John  (of  whom 
I  write)  of  Cockseyhurst  in  Com.  Es- 
sex, who  in  1588  equipped  and  com- 
manded two  ships  of  war,  the  Samuel 
and  the  Little  Toby,  against  the  Span- 
ish Armada.  He  was  an  alderman  of 
London,  and  at  his  death  a  benefactor 
of  the  Trinity  House  ;  buried  at  Step- 
ney, September  13,  1625.  He  married 
three  times  and  had  a  numerous  issue. 
His  sons,  Samuel  and  William,  were 
among  the  incorporators  of 'the  first 
Massachusetts  Company,  1628.  Sam- 
uel was  baptized  at  Stepney,  June  5, 
1586  ;  married  Frances,  daughter  of 
Abraham  Cartwright  of  the  Va.  Co.  ; 
was  interested  with  George  Lord 
Berkeley'  and  others  in  the  settlement 
of  Carolina,  1630  ;  traded  to  New 
England,  Virginia,  the  West  Indies, 
and  Guinea  ;  M.  P.  for  London  in  tlie 
Long  Parliament  ;  on  the  parliament 
commissions  for  plantations,  Novem- 
ber 24,  1643  ;  "  it  is  all  but  certain 
that  he  died  somewliere  in  America  in 
1667."  There  is,  or  was,  a  monument 
to  him  in  King's  Chapel,  Boston,  Mass. 
His  son  John  died  in  London  in  1664, 
without  issue.  William  (Samuel's 
brother)  was  born  in  1592  ;  married, 
in  May,  1613,  Anne,  daughter  of 
George  King,  of  Cold  Norton,  Essex  ; 
sailed  with  his  family  from  London  in 
June,  1635,  on  board  the  Blessing,  for 
New  England,  and  settled  in  Scituate 
within  the  colony  of  Plymouth  ;  went 
to  the  Barbadoes  about  1650,  and  died 
there  in  1655.  "  It  is  now  quite  cer- 
tain that  it  was  he,  and  not  his  brother 
Samuel,  who  founded  the  Vassalls  of 
Jamaica,  whence  sprang  the  late  Lord 
Holland."  He  has  many  descendants 
in  the  United  States. 

Vaiighan,  Edward,  2.     Sub. ; 

pd. .      Probably  Ixlvvard  Vaughn, 

Esq.,  of  Little  Ealing,  county  of  Mid- 
dlesex, who  died  in  1612.  (Vaughans 
were  numerous.)  An  Edward  Vaughan 
was  the  author  of  "  Divine  Discov- 
ery of  Death "  in  1612,  and  other 
works.  An  Edward  Vaughan  was  M. 
P.  for  Merioneth  in  1626. 

Vaughan,  John,  esquire,  3.  Sub. 
£75 ;  pd. .  Probably  John  Vaugh- 
an, son  and  heir  to  Owen  Vaughan  of 


VAUGHAN  — VERB 


1037 


Llwydiarth,  which  John  married,  Xo- 
veinber  3,  IGOG,  Margaret  Herbert, 
sister  of  George  Herbert,  the  poet  ; 
or,  iJohn  Vaiighan,  the  brother  of 
"  !Sir  William  Vaugliau  of  Terracoyd, 
County  Carmarthen,  who  had  also 
hinds  in  Newfoundhind  and  America," 
wiiich  John  (born  1573)  married,  in 
1598,  Margaret,  daughter  of  Sir  Gilly 
Meyrick,  was  knighted  in  Irehmd, 
February  2,  1617  ;  created  Lord 
Vaughan,  July  29,  1G21,  and  Earl  of 
Carbery,  August  5,  1(528. 

Vaughan,  Sir  Walter,  3.  Sub. 
£37  10s.  ;  pd.  £37  10s.  Of  Fuls- 
ton,  County  Wilts  ;  son  of  Thomas 
Vaughan,  Esq.,  of  Broad  wardine, 
County  Hereford  ;  knighted  at  Sir 
George  Farmers  in  July,  1G03  ;  M. 
P.  for  Wiltshire,  February,  IGOG,  to 
IGll.  He  married  three  times,  and 
was  still  living  in  1G23. 

Velasco,  Don  Alonso  de.  Am- 
bassador from  Spain  to  the  court  of 
London,  1610—13.  August  3,  1612, 
George  Abbot,  Archbishop  of  Canter- 
bury, wrote  from  Croydon  to  King 
James  :  "  Zuniga  has  removed  to 
the  house  of  the  Lieger  Ambassador, 
Alonzo  de  Velasquez,  in  the  Barbican, 
that  he  may  more  freely  transact  his 
secret  business.  Velasquez  (Velasco) 
has  been  more  free  with  his  masses, 
having  a  bell  rung  and  holding  sevei'al 
m  the  day.  He  sends  scandalous  re- 
ports of  English  affairs  to  Spain  and 
Italy.  The  King  of  Spain  has  an 
advantage  in  England,  because  he  can 
avail  himself  of  discontented  Cath- 
olics. The  proffered  courtesies  of  the 
Queen  of  France  should  be  received 
with  suspicion,  as  she  is  guided  by 
Villeroy  and  Sillery,  both  under  Span- 
ish influence." 

Velasco,  Juan  Ferdinand  '  de. 
"Condestable  of  Castile,  Duke  of 
Frias  ;"  was  Spanish  ambassador 
extraordinary  to  England  in  1604. 
Reports  reached  London  in  November 
and  December,  1603,  that  he  was  com- 
ing to  treat  of  peace.  He  was  in  Lon- 
don early  in  August,  1604,  and  on  the 
10th  Henry  Howard,  Earl  of  North- 
ampton, wrote  to  King  James  :  "  The 
Constable  of  Castile  is  delighted  with 
his  reception,  and  praises  his  Majesty's 
learning,  sweetness,  frankness,  and 
faithfulness."  On  the  18th  of  August 
the   treaty  of   peace    and   mercantile 


intercourse  with  Philip  III.,  King  of 
Spain,  and  Albert  and  Isabel,  arch- 
duke and  archduchess  of  Burgundy, 
was  ratified  by  King  James  of  Eng- 
land, and  soon  after,  Velasco  returned 
to  Spain  with  many  rich  presents  from 
the  King  and  Queen  of  England. 

He  had  served  in  the  Low  Country 
wars.  Motley  says  he  was  "  one  of 
Spain's  richest  grandees  and  poorest 
generals." 

Venn,   Richard,    haberdasher,    2. 

Sub.  ;    pd.    £12    10s.       Son    of 

Hugh  Fenn,  alias  Venn,  of  Wotton- 
under-Edge,  Gloucestershire.  Octo- 
ber 13,  1616,  half  of  the  late  Raphe 
Hamor  the  elder's  adventure  of 
£1,600  in  the  joint  stock  of  the  E,  I. 
Co.  was  set  over  to  Richard  Venue,  at 
the  request  of  Susan  Hamor,  the  exec- 
utrix of  her  deceased  husband.  On 
the  committee  of  the  E.  I.  Co.  in 
1619  ;  an  alderman  cf  London,  1626- 
34,  for  Castle  Baynard  ward,  and 
1634-39  for  Tower  ward  ;  sheriff  of 
London,  1626-27  ;  lord  mayor,  1637- 
38  ;  knighted  at  Whitehall,  May  27, 
1638  ;  died  August  18,  1639. 

Vere,  Sir  Horatio,  2.     Sub. ; 

pd.  £121.  Youngest  son  of  Geoffrey 
De  Vei'e,  third  son  of  John,  fifteenth 
Earl  of  Oxford  ;  was  born  in  Essex 
in  1565  ;  accompanied  his  brother.  Sir 
Francis  Vere,  to  Holland  in  1585, 
and  to  Cadiz  in  1596,  where  he  was 
knighted  for  gallantry  by  the  Earl  of 
Essex.  He  distinguished  himself  at 
Nieuport  in  1600  and  at  Ostend  in 
1601-02,  where  he  was  wounded.  He 
was  one  of  the  governors  of  the  Brill, 
1608  to  May  30,  1616.  M.  C.  for  Va. 
Co.,  May  23,  1609.  He  served  at  the 
siege  of  Juliers  in  1610  ;  in  the  Low 
Countries,  1614;  commanded  the  Eng- 
lish contingent,  aiding  the  Prince  of 
Orange  against  the  Arminians  of 
Utrecht  in  1618.  In  1620  he  was 
consulted  about  certain  projected  for- 
tifications in  Virginia,  and  was  in  the 
same  j'ear  in  command  of  the  auxil- 
iaries sent  to  Elector  Palatine.  Cham- 
berlain writing  to  Carleton  from  Lon- 
don, Jidy  8,  1620,  said  :  "  I  am  sorry 
Sir  Horace  Vere  should  go  so  slen- 
derlj'  accompanied  as  to  command  but 
two  thousand  men,  which  gives  the 
Spanish  ambassador  occasion  to  break 
jests,  and  say,  he  must  needs  confess 
we  are  a  very  brave  nation,  that  dare 


1038 


VERE  — VILLIEES 


adventure  with  two  thousand  men  to 
encounter  ten  thousand."  He  contin- 
ued in  that  service,  and  "  on  February 
16,  1622,  Sir  Horatio  Vere  was  ap- 
pointed captain-general  of  8,000  foot 
and  1,600  horse  for  the  defence  of  the 
Palatinate."  There  was  some  clash 
of  authority,  and  on  June  3,  1622, 
King  James  wrote  to  him,  command- 
ing him  "  to  withdraw  his  troops,  if 
his  son-in-law  persisted  in  following 
his  own  courses." 

He  was  forced  to  surrender  Mann- 
heim to  Tilly,  according  to  some  ac- 
counts, in  the  end  of  September,  1622; 
to  others  in  January,  1623. 

In  1622  the  poet  George  Chapman 
wrote  :  ' '  Pro  Vere  Autumni  Lachry- 
mae.  Inscribed  to  the  Immortal  Mem- 
orie  of  the  most  Pious  and  Incom- 
parable Souldier  Sir  Horatio  Vere, 
Knight  ;  besieged  and  distrest  in 
Mainhem." 

He  was  created  Baron  Vere  of  Til- 
bury, July  25,  1625  ;  master  of  the 
ordnance  for  life  in  March,  1629  ; 
died  in  London,  May  2,  1635,  and 
was  interred  in  Westminster  Abbey. 

"  The  exploits  of  this  gallant  per- 
sonage form  a  brilliant  page  in  British 
history,  and  it  would  be  in  vain  to 
attempt  even  to  epitomize  them  here. 
He  was  so  great  a  military  officer  that 
the  first  generals  were  proud  of  hav- 
ing served  under  him." 

Fuller  says  :  "  Horace  Lord  Vere 
had  more  meekness  and  as  much  val- 
our as  his  brother  Sir  Francis  ;  of  an 
excellent  temper  :  it  being  true  of 
him  what  is  said  of  the  Caspian  Sea, 
that  it  doth  never  ebb,  nor  flow,  ob- 
serving a  constant  tenor,  neither  elated 
with  success  or  depressed  with  misfor- 
tune. Both  lived  in  war  much  hon- 
oured, and  died  in  peace  much  la- 
mented." 

Lord  Vere  married,  in  Xovember, 
1607,  Mary,  daughter  of  Sir  John 
Tracy  of  Toddington,  County  (ilouces- 
ter,  and  relict  of  William  (or  .lolin) 
Hoby,  Esq.,  and  had  five  daughters, 
his  co-heirs  (see  Throckmorton  ped- 
igree.) 

His  widow  survived  him  many 
years.  "  Upon  the  death  of  the  Count- 
ess of  Dorset,  the  Parliament  commit- 
ted to  her  care  the  Duke  of  York,  the 
Duke  of  Gloucester,  and  the  Princess 
Elizabeth,  a  charge  of  which  she  was 


by  no  means  ambitious.  She  was  a 
woman  of  exemi^lary  conduct  as  a 
wife  and  mother,  and  seems  to  have 
been  as  eminent  for  her  piety  as  her 
husband  was  for  his  valour."  Arch- 
bishop Usher,  in  a  letter  to  her  in 
1628,  speaks  of  it  in  a  very  elevated 
strain  :  "  If  I  have  any  insight,"  says 
that  prelate,  "  in  things  of  this  nature, 
or  have  any  judgment  to  discern  of 
spirits,  I  have  clearh'  beheld  engraven 
in  your  soid  the  image  and  superscrip- 
tion of  my  God."  She  died  the  25th 
of  December,  1671,  in  the  91st  year 
of  her  age. 

Her  five  daughters  were  :  Elizabeth 
Vere,  married  John,  son  of  John  HoUis, 
first  Earl  of  Clare  ;  Mary  Vere,  mar- 
ried, first,  Sir  Roger  Townshend,  sec- 
ondly. Lord  Mildmay  Fane  ;  Catherine 
Vere,  married,  first,  Oliver,  son  of  Sir 
John  St.  John,  and,  secondly,  John 
Lord  Paulett  ;  ^  Anne  Vere,  married 
the  celebrated  Thomas  Lord  Fairfax, 
"  the  parliamentary  general  ";  Dorothy 
Vere,  married  John,  son  of  Sir  John 
Wolstenholme.  (See  "  The  Fighting 
Veres,"  by  Clemen^^s  R.  Markham.) 

Vere-Stanley,  "  Elizabeth,  Count- 
ess  of    Derby,"  3.      Sub. ;    pd. 

.      Eldest   daughter   of    Edward 

De  Vere,  seventeenth  Earl  of  Oxford, 
by  his  first  wife,  Anne,  daughter  of 
William  Cecil,  the  celebrated  Lord 
(Treasurer)  Burghley.  She  married, 
June  26,  1594,  ^^'iUiam  Stanley,  sixth 
Earl  of  Derby,  and  had  four  daugh- 
ters and  two  sons. 

Vertue,    Christopher,   vintner,  2. 

Sub.   ;    pd.    £12    10s.      Of    St. 

Botolph,  Aldgate,  London  ;  married, 
in  1583,  Margaret,  daughter  of  Wil- 
liam Joanes  of  Kyvell,  County  Wilts, 
clothier. 

Villa  Flores.     See  Zuniga. 

Villeroy,  Mons  de.  Nicolas  de 
Neufville  ;  born  1542  ;  secretary  of 
state,  November,  1567;  deprived  Sep- 
tember, 1588  ;  reinstated  1594  ;  died 
at  Rouen,  Xovember  22,  1617. 

Villiers,  George,  Viscount.  Born 
at  Brookesby,  Leicestershire,  August 
20,  1592  ;  in  France,  1610-13  (his 
half-sister,    Anne    Villiers,    married, 


1  The  marriage  license  of  Sir  John  Paulett, 
dated  March  6,  1640-1,  does  not  give  the  name  of 
the  bride  as  Catherine,  but  as  "  Mrs.  Mirj- St. 
John  about  22.  daughter  of  the  Right  Hon.  the 
Lord  Vere." 


VILLIERS— WADE 


1039 


about  1614,  William  Washington, 
uncle  to  the  emigrant  ancestor  of 
Gen.  George  Washington) ;  introduced 
at  court  in  the  autumn  of  1614  ; 
knighted  at  Somerset  House,  April 
24,  1615  ;  favored  by  Somerset's  en- 
emies ;  advocated  Ralegh's  going  to 
Guiana  ;  made  master  of  the  horse 
in  Januarv,  and  K.  G.  in  April.  1616  ; 
Baron  Whaddon  ("Blechly"?)  aud 
Viscount  Villiers,  August  27,  1616  ; 
the  royal  favorite  ;  Bacon's  advice  to 
him  ;  made  Earl  of  Buckingham,  Jan- 
uary 5,  1617,  marquess,  January  1, 
1618,  and  lord  high  admiral,  January, 
28,  1619.  Sir  Edwin  Sandys  wrote  to 
him  June  7,  1620,  justif  ving  his  ( San- 
dys') management  of  Virginia  affairs, 
and  imploring  him  "  by  the  many  great 
graces  wherewith  God  had  furnished 
him.  to  protect  and  repatriate  the  loug 
exiled  (Sandys)  in  His  Majesties 
favour."  He  was  an  incorporator  of 
the  New  England  Charter.  November 
3,  1620,  and  M.  C.  for  N.  E.  Co.; 
signed  the  first  Plvmouth  patent,  June 
1,  1621  ;  went  with  Prince  Charles  to 
Spain,  February  17,  1623  ;  created 
Duke  of  Buckingham,  May  IS,  1623 
(there  had  been  no  dukes  in  England 
since  Norfolk's  execution,  June  2, 
1572);  was  interested  in  Virginia 
affairs,  tobacco,  etc.,  1624 ;  sent  to 
Paris  to  marry  Henrietta  Maria  as 
proxy  for  King  Charles,  May,  1625  ; 
John  Tradescant  was  employed  by 
him  in  procuring  "all  manner  of  rare 
beasts,  fowls  and  birds,  shells  and 
stones,  etc,"  "especially  those  from 
Virginia,  Bermudas,  Xewfoundland, 
Guinea,  Binney,  the  Amazon,  and  the 
East  Indies,"  in  July.  162-5,  and  after; 
impeached  March,  1626 ;  chancellor  of 
the  University  of  Cambridge,  June  1, 
1626  ;  still  interested  in  the  colonies  ; 
an  incorporator  of  the  Guiana  Com- 
pany, May  19,  and  chosen  governor 
of  that  company  in  June,  1627  ;  com- 
manded in  the  expeditions  to  Rochelle 
and  Isle  of  R^,  July  to  October, 
1627;  murdered  at  Portsmouth  August 
23,  1628.  Two  days  after  this  (25), 
Lord  Baltimore  \vrote  a  long  letter  to 
him  from  Ferryland,  Newfoundland. 
He  was  a  great  patron  of  learning,  and 
of  the  fine  arts  ;  collected  American 
rarities,  Arabic  manuscripts,  Italian 
paintings,  etc. 

Vincent,    Henry,    2,      Sub.    £37 


10s.;  pd.  £37  10s.  Of  London,  mer- 
chant ;  was  living  at  the  Visitation, 
1634,  aged  80  years. 

Vines,  Richard.  A  trusted  agent 
and  friend  of  Sir  Ferdinando  Gorges. 
I  am  unable  to  add  anything  to  the 
incomplete  accounts  of  him  previously 
published  in  this  country.  He  prob- 
ably visited  the  New  England  coast  as 
early  as  1609,  and  probably  spent  the 
winter  of  1616-17  at  the  mouth  of 
Saco  River,  where  he  afterwards  set- 
tled ;  had  a  grant  of  land  there,  and 
became  the  founder  of  Biddeford, 
Maine.  He  removed  to  Barbadoes  in 
1&45,  and  died  there  in  1651. 

"Wade — "Waad,    Armigil,   "The 

British  Columbus."  Of  an  ancient 
family  of  Yorkshire :  went  to  America 
in  1-536  ;  clerk  of  the  Privy  Council 
of  Kings  Henrv  \1II.  aud  Edward 
VI.;  M.  P.  for"  Wycombe,  1-547-53; 
died  at  Belsize,  June  20,  1568;  buried 
in  the  parish  church  at  Hampstead. 
"  He  was  most  completely  furnished 
with  the  knowledge  of  the  greatest 
arts,  skilled  in  many  languages,  dis- 
charged most  honourable  embassies, 
and  among  the  Britons  was  the  first 
explorer  of  the  American  Indies.  He 
married  two  wives,  Alice  Paten  and 
Anne  Marburv,  and  begot  20  chil- 
dren." 

"Wade  (or  "Waad),  Nathaniel.  2. 
Sub.  ;  pd.  £25.     Of  the  E.  I.  Co. 

■Wade,  Sir  "William,  2.  Sub. 
£75  ;  pd.  £144  IO5.  "  Son  of  Armi- 
gell  Wade,  the  British  Columbus  ;  " 
clerk  of  the  Privy  Council  (from  about 
1-583)  ;  successively  ambassador  to 
Spain,  France,  and  Scotland.  "An ac- 
tive enemy  to  the  Jesuits  ; "  "  about 
1.5S4  Creighton,  a  Scottish  Jesuit,  be- 
ing taken  by  Dutch  Pirates,  tore  up 
certain  papers  and  attempted  to  throw 
them  into  the  sea ;  but  the  wind 
brought  them  back  to  the  ship;  which 
being  delivered  to  Sir  William  Wade, 
were  joyned  again,  and  revealed  new 
plots  of  the  Pope,  the  Spaniard,  and 
Guisians  to  invade  England,"  etc.  In 
Bishop  Carleton's  "  Thankful  Remem- 
brance of  God's  Mercy  "  is  a  small 
picture  of  Wade,  represented  in  the 
act  of  putting  the  fragments  of  these 
treasonable  papers  together. 

M.  P.  for  Aldborough  in  1-585  ;  for 
Thetford   in   1597 ;    and    Preston    in 


1040 


WADE— WALKER 


1601  ;  knighted  at  Greenwich,  May 
20,  1G03  ;  one  of  the  judges  on  Ra- 
legh's trial  in  November,  1603  ;  M.  P. 
for  West  Looe,  1604-11  ;  lieutenant 
of  the  Tower  from  August  15,  1605, 
to  May,  1613,  when  he  was  removed 
by  the  Somerset  influence.  In  1605- 
06  he  was  very  active  in  prosecuting 
the  Gunpowder  Plot  conspirators. 
M.  C.  for  Va.,  1606  ;  M.  C.  for  Va. 
Co.,  1609. 

In  1612  John  Taylor,  the  water 
poet,  dedicated  his  earliest  publication, 
"Tlie  Sculler,"  etc.,  "To  the  Right 
Worshipfull  and  worthy  favourer  of 
learning,  my  singular  good  Maister, 
Sir  William  Waad,  knight,"  etc.  He 
was  one  of  those  who  bought  the  Ber- 
mudas Islands  from  the  Va.  Co.  No- 
vember 25,  1612,  and  resigned  them 
to  the  crown,  November  23,  1614. 

After  his  removal  from  the  lieuten- 
ancy of  the  Tower,  he  seems  to  have 
lived  quietly  at  his  seat,  Belsize 
House  ;  died  October  25,  1623,  and 
lies  buried  with  his  father  at  Hamp- 
stead. 

Granger  says  he  was  "a  man  of 
great  learning,  generosity,  and  benev- 
olence, who  had  been  employed  by 
Queen  Elizabeth  in  several  embassies, 
was  removed  from  the  lieutenancy  of 
the  Tower,  to  make  way  for  Sir  Ger- 
vase  Elways,  a  man  of  a  prostitute 
character,  who  was  the  chief  instru- 
ment in  poisoning  Sir  Thomas  Over- 
bury." 

"  Lloyd  tells  us  that  to  his  directions 
we  owe  '  Rider's  Dictionary ; '  to  his  en- 
couragement, 'Hooker's  Polity;'  and 
to  his  charge, '  Gruter's  Inscriptions.'  " 

"  This  excellent  man  employed  a 
faithful  and  judicious  friend  to  ad- 
monish him  of  everything  that  he  saw 
amiss  in  his  conduct." 

His  first  wife  (married  in  1586), 
Anne,  daughter  of  Owen  Waller,  of 
St.  Alban,  Wood  Street,  London, 
*'  conspicuous  in  disposition,  genius, 
and  family,"  died  in  1589,  in  her  19th 
year,  in  childbirth,  and  is  buried  under 
a  "  Fair  Marble  Monument  in  Oval  " 
in  the  parish  church  of  St.  Alban's, 
Wood  Street,  in  Cripplegate  ward, 
London.  There  is  some  confusion  as 
to  his  second  wife.  W^alford  says, 
"  He  married  as  his  second  wife  a 
daughter  of  Sir  Thomas  Wotton,  who 
surviving  as  his  widow  .  .  .  left  Bel- 


size  to  her  son,  Charles  Henry  de 
Kirkhaven,  by  her  first  husband." 
Burke  says,  "  Katherine,  daughter 
of  Thomas  Lord  Wotton,  married, 
first,  Henry  Lord  Stanhope,  secondly, 
John  Poliander  Kirckhoven  (and  had  a 
son,  Charles  Henry  Kirckhoven),  and, 
thirdly.  Colonel  Daniel  O'Neile." 

The  life  of  Thomas  Bushell  (Lord 
Bacon's  servant)  states  that  he  mar- 
ried "  Anne,  widow  of  Sir  William 
Waad,  lieutenant  of  the  Tower." 


Waiman.     See  Weymouth. 
Waldo,     Captain     Richard,     2. 

Sub.  ;  pd. .  Came  to  Vir- 
ginia in  1608  ;  was  drowned  in  James 
River  in  January,  1609. 

Wale,  Thomas,  3.  Sub.  £37 
10s.;  pd.  £75.  Of  Bradfield,  County 
Essex,  and  of  Gray's  Inn.  Eldest  son 
of  Thomas  Wale,  of  Radwinter,  Es- 
sex, by  Jane,  daughter  of  Richard 
Westley  ;  died  in  1659. 

Walker,  George,  sadler,  2.  Sub. 
;  pd.  £25. 

Walker,  John.  "John  Walker 
and  his  company,  in  the  service  of  Sir 
H.  Gilbert,  discovered  a  silver  mine 
within  the  river  of  Norumbega  (the 
Penobscot,  Maine  ?)  in  1580."  Gil- 
bert had  a  conference  with  him  as  to 
America  to  the  southwest  of  Cape 
Breton  prior  to  August,  1582.  It  may 
be  that  he  was  tlie  chaplain  to  Robert 
Dudley,  Earl  of  Leicester,  who  sailed 
with  Fenton  and  died  at  sea  February 
5,  1582. 

Walker,  Thomas,  esquire,  2.    Sub. 

;     pd.    £25.       Of    Westminster, 

hereditary  chief  usher  of  the  court  of 
Exchequer,  and  marshal  proclamator 
and   barrier  of  the  court  of  Common 


WALLER  —  WALTER 


1041 


Pleas,  and  to  the  justices  in  eyre  ; 
died  October  12,  1613. 

Waller  (see  Wooler),  John,  es- 
quire, 2.     Sub. ;  pd.  £o.     Went 

to  Virgiuia  in  1606.  (John  Waller 
and  John  Walter  are  sometimes  mis- 
taken for  each  other  in  reading  the 
Virginia  Records.  I  suppose  that 
Waller  was  of  the  same  family  as  the 
poet  ) 

Wallingford,  Viscount.  —  Wil- 
liam KnoUys. 

Walsingham,  Sir  Francis.  "  The 
third  and  youngest  son  of  William 
Walsingham  of  Scadbury  in  the  parish 
of  Chisleluirst,  by  Joyce,  daughter  of 
Edmund  Denny  of  Cheshurst,  in  Hert- 
fordshire ;  born  about  1536  ;  bred  in 
liis  father's  house  under  a  private 
tutor,  and  afterwards  studied  for  a 
time  in  King's  College  in  Cambridge, 
from  whence  he  went,  very  young,  to 
seek  a  more  enlarged  education  on  the 
continent.  The  persecution  raised  by 
Mary  induced  him  to  remain  abroad 
till  her  death,  for  his  family  were 
zealous  Protestants,  and  he  was  ear- 
nestly attached  to  that  persuasion.  He 
returned  soou  after  the  accession  of 
Elizabeth,  a  self-made  statesman,  with 
a  perfect  knowledge  of  most  of  the 
European  languages,  for  he  had  al- 
ways the  reputation  of  being  the  first 
linguist  of  his  time."  M.  P.  for  Ban- 
bury, 1559  ;  ambassador  to  France  in 
1561,  "  where  he  served,  from  time  to 
time,  many  years  with  the  most  refined 
diplomatic  skill,  during  the  dreadful 
civil  war."  M.  P.  for  Lyme  Regis, 
1563  ;  ambassador  to  France  from 
August,  1570,  to  April,  1573  (in  which 
time  the  fearful  massacre  of  St.  Bar- 
tholomew, August,  1572);  pruicipal 
secretary  of  state  and  privy  coun- 
cilor, 1573  ;  subscriber  to  Frobisher's 
voyages,  1576-78  ;  knighted  at  Wind- 
sor in  November,  1577,  and  in  the 
same  month  consulted  Dr.  Dee  regard- 
ing Queen  Elizabeth's  titles  to  the 
new  lands;  ambassador  to  the  Nether- 
lands in  1578,  in  which  year  Thomas 
Nicholas  dedicated  "  The  Pleasant 
Historic  of  the  Conquest  of  the  West 
Indies ' '  to  him  ;  took  an  interest  in 
the  schemes  for  colonizing  America, 
1579-80;  ambassador  to  France,  1581; 
subscriber  to  Fenton's  voyage,  1582- 
83  ;  took  a  very  active  part  in  the 
colonization   movement  from  August 


1582,  to  April,  1583;  ambassador  to 
Scotland,  1583  ;  sent  the  Rev.  Rich- 
ard Ilakluyt  to  Paris  (with  Stafford), 
with  special  instructions  to  occupy 
himself  chiefly  in  collecting  informa- 
tion of  the  Spanish  and  French  move- 
ments, "  making  diligent  inquirie  of 
such  things  as  miglit  yield  any  light 
unto  our  Western  discoverie  in  Amer- 
ica," etc.,  in  October,  1583.  In  No- 
vember of  the  same  year  Sir  George 
Peckham  dedicated  his  "  True  Re- 
porte  ...  of  the  Newfoundlands"  to 
him;  one  of  the  commission  for  con- 
firming Ralegh's  patent,  December 
14, 1584  ;  Hakluyt  wrote  to  him  from 
Paris  in  1584  and  1585  regarding 
western  discoveries,  colonization,  etc.; 
Lane  wrote  letters  and  discourses  to 
him  from  Virginia  in  August  and  Sep- 
tember, 1585,  and  Sir  Richard  Green- 
ville reported  to  him  on  his  return 
from  Virginia,  October  29,  1585;  dis- 
covered Babington's  plot,  1586;  a  com- 
missioner at  the  trial  of  Mary  Queen 
of  Scots,  October,  1586  ;  made  chan- 
cellor of  the  Duchy  of  Lancaster  iu 
1587,  and  afterwards  a  Knight  of  the 
Garter.  Hakluyt  dedicated  his  "  Prin- 
cipal Navigations,"  etc.,  to  him  in  1589. 
He  died  April  6,  1590,  and  was  bur- 
ied in  St.  Paul's.  "  One  of  the  chief 
pillars  of  the-  throne  of  Elizabeth  and 
of  the  Protestant  cause."  A  leader  in 
the  schemes  for  colonizing  Protestant- 
ism in  the  New  World.  He  married, 
first,  about  1563,  Anne  Barnes  (see 
Sir  George  Barnes  tlie  elder),  and,  sec- 
ondly, about  15G9,  Ursula,  daughter  of 
Henry  St.  Barbe,  and  widow  of  Rich- 
ard Worsley,  who  bore  him  two  daugh- 
ters, Marj'  and  Frances.  Mary  married 
Capt.  Christopher  Carleill.  Frances 
was  thrice  splendidly  wedded  :  first, 
to  Sir  Philip  Sidney;  secondly,  to  Rob- 
ert Devereux,  Earl  of  Essex,  and, 
thirdly,  to  Richard  Bourke,  Earl  of 
Clanricarde. 

Walsingham,  Sir  Thomas,  3. 
Sub.  £37  10s.;  pd.  £37  10s.  Of  Scad- 
bury,  Kent  ;  grandson  of  Sir  Edmund 
Walsingham,  lieutenant  of  tlie  Tower 
of  Lonilon,  who  died  February  9, 
15*9.  He  was  born  in  1570;  M.  P. 
Rochester,  1-597-98,  1601,  and  1604- 
11;  Kent  1614;  died  August  11,  1630. 

Walter,  John,  esquire,  3.  Sub. 
£37  10s.  ;  pd.  £37  10s.  Eldest  son 
of  Edward  Walter  of  Ludlow  iu  the 


1042 


WARD  — WATERS 


county  of  Salop,  by  his  wife  Mary, 
daughter  of  Thomas  Hackluit,  Esq., 
of  Eyton  (the  eldest  brother  of  the 
Rev.  Richard  Hakluyt,  I  suppose). 
He  was  born  in  1563  ;  educated  at 
Brasenose  College,  Oxford  ;  after- 
wards of  the  Inner  Temple  ;  called  to 
the  bar,  1590  ;  counselor  for  the  Uni- 
versity of  Oxford  ;  attorney-general 
to  Prince  Charles,  1613-25  ;  knighted 
May  18.  1619  ;  M.  P.  for  East  Looe 
in  1621-22  and  1624-25  ;  Serjeant  at 
law,  1625  ;  chief  baron  of  the  Ex- 
chequer, May  12,  1625  ;  died  at  his 
house  in  the  Savoy,  November  18, 
1630,  and  was  buried  at  Wolvercote, 
Oxon.  One  of  Fuller's  Worthies  of 
Shropshire. 

Ward,  William.  Pd.  £37  10s. 
"Marshal  of  the  Admiralty  court  of 
the  Cinque  Ports."  The  Wards  and 
Pophams  were  related. 

Warner,  Mr.  Probably  Walter 
Warner,  the  mathematician. 

Warner,   Richard,   3.     Sub.   £37 

10s.  ;    pd.  .     Probably  "  Richard 

Warner,  of  London,  grocer,  son  of 
John  Warner,  of  Bucknall  in  County 
Oxon."     (  Vide  Visitation,  1634.) 

"Warr,  Thomas,  esquire,  3.  Sub. 
£37  10s.;  pd.  £25.  Of  Hestercombe, 
Somerset.  Third  son  of  Roger  Warr 
by  Eleanor,  daughter  of  Sir  John  Pop- 
ham.  M.  C.  for  Va.,  1606  ;  M.  P. 
Bridgewater,  1614. 

Chamberlain,  writing  to  Carleton 
from  London,  April  19,  1617,  says, 
"  One  Warre,  a  towardly  lawyer,  was 
drowned  coming  from  an  island  he  had 
purchased  in  the  Severn  ;  "  and  Carew, 
writing  to  Roe,  under  April,  1617,  says, 
"Mr.  Thomas  Warre,  a  counciler-att- 
Law,  who,  I  think,  was  well  knowne 
unto  j'ou,  is  lately  drowned  in  Severne 
in  Walles."  He  was  recorder  of 
Bridgewater,  and  was  buried  there, 
April  30,  1617. 

Warwick,  Earl  of.  —  Robert  Rich. 

Waterhouse  (see  Woodhouse), 
David,  esquire,  2.  Sub.  £37  10s.  ; 
pd.  £37  10s.  M.  P.  for  Aldborough 
(York),  1588-89,  and  for  Berwick, 
1601  ;  clerk  of  the  crown  in  the 
King's  Bench  ;  lord  of  the  Manor  of 
the  town  of  Halifax.  September  16, 
1618,  he  passed  a  Bill  of  Adventure 
of  £50  in  the  Va.  Co.  to  Mr.  Bland. 

Waterhouse,  Sir  Edward,  2. 
Sub.    ;    pd.    £25.      Of     Leitli, 


County  York  ;  son  of  Robert  Water- 
house  of  Halifax,  and  nephew  of  David 
Waterhouse,  Esq.,  aforesaid.  He  was 
knighted  at  Charterhouse,  May  11, 
1603  ;  died  without  issue. 

Waterhouse,  Edward.  Probably 
son  of  Thomas  Waterhouse  of  Bark- 
hamsted.  County  Hertford.  If  so,  he 
was  nephew  of  the  celebrated  Sir 
Edward  Waterhouse  (1535-91),  and 
uncle  of  Edward  Waterhouse  (1619- 
70),  an  author  of  some  note. 

He  was  a  secretary'  of  the  Va.  Co., 
and  June  11,  1621,  he  was  recom- 
mended by  Sir  John  Danvcrs  for  sec- 
retary of  state  for  the  colony  of  Vir- 
ginia, but  in  the  election  was  defeated 
by  Mr.  Christopher  Davison.  Novem- 
ber 21,  1621,  the  council  gave  him  two 
shares  of  land  in  Virginia.  August 
21,  1622,  there  was  entered  for  pub- 
lication at  Stationers'  Hall  "  A  Booke 
called  A  Declaration  of  the  State  of 
the  Colony  of  Virginia  with  the  rela- 
tion of  the  Massacre  of  the  English 
by  the  Native  Infidells  with  the  names 
of  those  that  were  then  massacred." 
This  book  was  written  by  Waterhouse, 
"  Published  by  Authoritie,"  and  "  Im- 
printed at  London  by  G.  Eld,  for  Rob- 
ert Mylbourne,  and  are  to  be  sold  at 
his  shop,  at  the  great  South  doore  of 
Pauls,  1622." 

January  28,  1624,  Waterhouse  was 
one  of  those  who  examined,  compared, 
and  signed  the  first  volume  of  the 
Virginia  Company's  Records  now  pre- 
served in  the  library  of  Congress  at 
Washington. 

Waters,  Edward.  Born  about 
1585  ;  in  the  service  of  Sir  George 
Somers  ;  with  him  in  the  shipwreck  at 
the  Bermudas  in  1609;  went  with  him 
in  the  Patience  to  Virginia  iu  1610, 
and  in  the  same  year  returned  with 
him  to  the  Bermudas.  When  Matthew 
Somers  sailed  for  England,  he  was  one 
of  the  three  who  remained  to  keep 
possession  of  the  island,  and  who 
found  the  historic  piece  of  "  Amber 
Greece."  He  remained  in  the  Ber- 
mudas until  about  November,  1615,  at 
which  time  he  was  a  member  of  the 
council,  and  went  to  the  West  Indies 
for  supplies.  The  badly  mixed-up  and 
luifriendly  account  of  this  voyage  given 
in  Smith's  History  is  the  only  account 
that  I  have  seen.  He  left  the  Ber- 
mudas for  Virginia  in  1618  or  1619 ; 


WATERS  — WATTS 


1043 


married,  probably  about  1620,  Grace 
O'Niel,  and  at  the  great  massacre  of 
March,  1022,  himself  and  wife  were 
taken  prisoners  by  the  Xanseniund 
Indians,  but  finally  made  their  escape. 
In  January,  1G25,  he  was  living,  aged 
forty,  witli  his  wife,  aged  twenty-one, 
and  two  children,  William  and  Mar- 
garet, both  born  in  Virginia,  at  Blount 
Point,  Elizabeth  City.  He  was  a  cap- 
tain, a  burgess,  and  a  justice  of  Eliza- 
beth City,  and  was  still  living  in 
March,  1029,  but  died  soou  after.  His 
wife,  who  survived  him  nearly  fifty- 
three  years,  married,  secondly,  Col. 
Obedience  Robins. 

The  descendants  of  Capt.  Edward 
Waters  are  numerous  and  respectable 
(some  of  them  highly  honorable)  citi- 
zens of  this  country,  and  it  gives  me 
pleasure  to  be  able  to  clear  their  an- 
cestor of  the  crime  of  murder,  which 
Capt.  John  Smith  fastened  on  him. 
The  real  murderer  was  a  sailor,  named 
Robert  Waters  ;  he  it  was  who  re- 
mained in  the  Bermudas  with  Chris- 
topher Carter  when  Gates  sailed  to 
Virginia  in  May,  1010.  He  returned 
to  England  with  Capt.  Matthew  So- 
mers  ;  entered  the  service  of  the  E.  I. 
Co.,  and  died  at  sea  on  the  voyage  to 
East  India,  August  6,  1614,  "  a  man 
long  diseased  in  bodie,  disturbed  in 
minde  by  torment  of  conscience,  for  a 
man  by  him  killed  in  Virginia." 

"Watson,  Thomas,  esquire,  2.  Sub. 
£75;  pd.  £112  10s.  September  28, 
1601,  Sir  George  Carey  wrote  to  the 
Mayor  of  Totness  and  his  brethren, 
"begging  them  to  confer  a  burges- 
shipp  [M.  P.]  upon  Mr.  Thomas  Wat- 
son." He  was  a  teller  of  the  excheq- 
uer;  M.  C.  for  Va.  Co.,  1012;  of 
the  N.  W.  P.  Co.,  1612  ;  M.  P.  Rye, 
1614;  kniglited  at  Halstead,  June  25, 
1618,  as  of  Kent. 

"Wattey,  William,  2.     Sub. ; 

pd.  £25. 

Watts,  Sir  John,  clothworker,  2. 
Sub.  £37  10s.  ;  pd.  £162  10s.  "  Son 
to  Thomas  Watts  of  Buntingford  in 
Hertfordshire  "  ;  married,  probably 
before  1568,  Margaret,  daughter  of 
Sir  James  Hawes,  Lord  Mayor  of 
London  in  1574-75.  On  the  20th 
of  March,  1591,  three  ships,  furnished 
"  at  the  special  charges  of  Mr.  John 
Wattes,  of  London,  merchant,"  sailed 
for  the  relief  of  Ralegh's  colony.     In 


1593  his  fleet  was  before  Havana 
(Cuba),  "  wayting  for  purchase."  In 
a  cause  between  Sir  M.  Morgan  and 
himself,  he  was  designated  as  "  Alder- 
man Watts,"  May  17,  1593.  "He 
was  elected  alderman  of  Aldersgate 
ward,  October  26,  1594 ;  chosen 
sheriff,  June  24,  1596."  In  1598 
Capt.  John  Watts  (probably  the  alder- 
man's son)  commanded  the  Prosper- 
ous in  the  Earl  of  Cumberland's  voy- 
age to  Saint  John  de  Porto  Rico. 
November  1,  1600,  the  Court  of  Ad- 
venturers to  the  East  Indies  resolved 
that  "  Alderman  Watts,  on  account  of 
his  great  experience  in  shipping  and 
other  directions  in  voyages  to  be  used 
as  a  committee  in  all  things  concerning 
the  business."  An  incorporator  of  the 
E.  I.  Co.,  December  31,  1600  ;  gov- 
ernor of  the  company  from  April  11, 
1601,  to  July,  1602  (Sir  Thomas 
Smythe  having  been  implicated  in 
the  Essex  insurrection)  ;  removed  to 
Tower  ward,  April  21,  1601;  knighted 
at  Whitehall,  July  26,  1603  ;  removed 
to  Aldersgate,  May  29,  1605  ;  and  to 
Langbourn,  January  28,  160|  ;  Lord 
Mayor  of  London,  1606-07  ;  a  mem- 
ber of  the  Clothworkers'  Company, 
and  on  June  12,  1607,  he  entertained 
King  James  I.  at  his  house,  adjoining 
Clothworkers'  Hall,  "on  which  occa- 
sion the  King  was  made  a  free  Broth- 
er of  the  Clothworkers'  Company,  to 
whose  Hall  they  adjourned  for  the 
purpose." 

M.  C.  for  Va.  Co.,  1609  ;  member 
of  the  Bermudas  Company,  1615. 
"  He  died  in  September,  1616,  and 
was  buried  at  Ware,  Hertfordsliire, 
September  7,  1616."  Chamberlain 
wrote  to  Carleton  in  his  gazette  letter 
of  October  12,  1616,  "  Sir  John 
Watts,  our  neighbour  at  Ware,  died 
likewise  upon  two  days'  warning,  be- 
ing as  lusty  a  man  of  his  years  as  I 
know  any."  In  his  will  "lie  left  a 
sum  of  £4  per  annum  for  the  relief 
of  the  poor  of  Buntingford,  Herts,  his 
native  place;  £10  to  Christ's  Hospital, 
and  £20  to  St.  Thomas's  Hospital  in 
Southwark,  London." 

His  eldest  son,  also  Sir  John  Watts, 
was  knighted  at  Plymoutli,  Septem- 
ber 23,  1625.  About  1626  he  wrote 
"  A  Discourse  upon  Trade."  In  1629 
he  was  consulted  as  "  a  seaman  of 
great  note  "  regarding  the  differences 


1044 


WAYNAM  —  WELD 


between  Lords  Carlisle  and  Montgom- 
ery concerning  their  possessions  in  the 
West  Indies.  Abont  1637  he  wrote  a 
treatise,  setting  forth  a  design  for  the 
taking  of  Hispaniola,  entitled  "  Tliis 
relation  is  for  future  times,"  etc. 

■Waynam.     See  Weynman. 

Webbe,  Edward,  2.     Sub.  ; 

pd.  £100.  Probably  the  author  of 
"  Tlie  Rare  and  most  Wonderful 
Things  which  J^dward  Webbe,  an 
Englishman  borne,  hath  seene  and 
passed  in  his  troublesome  Travailes, 
in  the  cities  of  Jerusalem,  Dammaske, 
Bethlem,  and  Galely  ;  and  in  the 
Landes  of  Jewrie,  Egipt,  Grecia,  Rus- 
sia, and  in  the  Land  of  Prester  John, 
etc.,  Loudon,  1590."  The  women 
were  not  so  kind  to  Webbe  as  they 
were  to  Capt.  John  Smith. 

Webbe,  Captain  George.  Cap- 
tain of  the  Lion  ;  was  living  in  Vir- 
ginia in  1G16. 

Webbe,  Richard,  haberdasher,  2. 
Sub.  £37  10s.  ;  pd.  £62  10s. 

"Webbe,  Sandys,  esquire,  2.  Sub. 
;  pd.  £12  10s. 

Webbe,  Thomas,  esquire,  2.  Sub. 
;  pd.  £12  10s. 

Webbe,  Thomas,  2.     Sub. ; 

pd.  .      One    of     these,    Thomas 

Webbes,  went  to  Virginia  in  1606,  and 
was  still  living  July  10,  1621,  when 
the  company  allowed  him  three  shares 
of  land  on  account  of  his  services  in 
Virginia,  and  one  of  them  was  prob- 
ably a  member  of  the  Massachusetts 
Companv. 

Webster,  William  ,2.     Sub. ; 

pd.  £37  10s.  Probably  related  to 
John  Webster,  the  dramatist. 

Weeks,  Thomas,  clothworker.  Pd. 
£12  10s. 

"Welby,  William,  stationer,  2. 
Sub.  £37  10s.  ;  pd.  £87  10s.  He  sold 
live  shares  of  land  in  the  Bermudas 
to  Robert  Rich,  second  Earl  of  War- 
wick. 

Welch,  Edward,   2.     Sub.  ; 

pd.  £25. 

Weld,  Sir  Humphrey,  grocer,  2. 

Sub. ;  pd.  £37  10s.     Fourth  son 

of  .John  Weld,  of  Eaton  in  Cheshire, 
by  his  wife  Joaima,  daughter  of  John 
FitzHugh  of  Congleton  ;  born  about 
1546  ;  admitted  as  a  member  of  the 
Court  of  Assistants  of  the  Grocers' 
Company,  May  3,  1596  ;  assessed  at 
£60  for  iiis  share  of  the  Grocers'  Com- 


pany's contribution  towards  loan  levied 
on  the  city  of  London  by  the  queen  in 

1598  ;  an  alderman  of  London  for 
Farringdon  ward ;  sheriff  of  London  in 

1599  ;  a  member  of  the  Rus.  Co.  ; 
kniglited  by  King  James,  July  26, 
1603  ;  Lord  Mayor  of  London,  1608- 
09;  M.  C.  for  Va.  Co.,  1609.  He 
took  an  active  part  in  advancing  the 
interest  of  the  Virginia  colony  during 
the  term  of  his  mayoralty. 

He  gave  £100  to  be  distributed 
among  the  several  hospitals  ;  died 
November  29,  1610,  aged  64,  and  is 
buried  in  St.  Olave's,  London  ;  mar- 
ried Mary  Ann,  daughter  of  Nicholas 
Wheeler,  Esq.,  and  left  a  son  and 
successor,  John  Weld,  afterwards 
knighted,  who  was  also  interested  in 
Virginia. 

In  the  Warden's  Accounts  of  the 
Grocers'  Company,  A.  D.  1610-11,  is 
the  following :  "  Item,  Receaved  of 
the  Right  Worshipful  Dame  Mary 
Weld  wydowe  and  John  Weld  Esqre 
Executors  of  the  Right  worshipful  Sir 
Humfrey  Weld  kniglit  deceased  the 
the  some  of  £20  by  him  given  to  make 
a  dynner  for  the  Livery  of  tliis  Com- 
pany attending  his  corps  to  Church  on 
the  day  of  his  funeral." 

Weld,  John,  esquire,  3.  Sub.  £37 
10s.  ;  pd.  £37  10s.  Of  Arnolds, 
County  Middlesex  ;  son  of  Sir  Hum- 
frej^  aforesaid  ;  founder  of  Southgate 
Chapel,  Edmonton  parish,  Middlesex, 
which  was  consecrated  by  Bishop  King 
in  1615.  I  take  him  to  be  the  Sir  John 
Wilde  who  was  knighted  at  Theo- 
bald's, November  11,  1617.  He  died 
in  1622,  and  was  buried  in  the  chapel, 
Edmonton,  where  there  is  a  monument 
to  his  memory.  He  married  Frances, 
daughter  of  William  Whitmore,  Esq., 
and  was  the  ancestor  of  the  Welds  of 
Lulworth,  Dorset. 

Weld,  John,  gentleman.  N.  Fid. 
Co.  Son  of  John  Weld,  of  London  ; 
was  a  first  cousin  to  John  Weld,  es- 
quire and  knight,  aforesaid.  He  was 
"of  London  Towne  Clarke  and  of 
Willey  Com.  Sallop  Esqr,"  and  was 
living  in  1633  (see  Visitation,  ii.  336)  ; 
admitted  to  the  office  of  town  clerk, 
April  27,  1613  ;  discliarged  by  Com- 
mon  Council,  October  27,  1642  ; 
knighted  in  1642  ;  readmitted  town 
clerk,  September  21,  1660,  and  died 
in    1666  ;    married    Elizabeth,    eldest 


WELLES  — WEST 


1045 


daughter  of  Sir  William  Romney  of 
Loudon,  knight  and  alderman. 

Welles,  Thomas,  grocer,  2.  Sub. 
;  pd.  £'2o.  There  was  a  Wil- 
liam Wells,  grocer,  at  this  time  ;  but 
no  Thomas.  However,  there  was  a 
Thomas  Wells  of  London,  mercer.  I 
suppose  this  to  be  either  \A'illiam 
Welles,  grocer,  or  Thomas  Welles, 
mercer.  There  nuist  be  a  mistake 
cither  as  to  his  Christian  name,  or  as 
to  his  occupatiou. 

Weutworth,  Sir  John.  Sub. 
£37  10s.  ;  pd.  £12  10s.  Of  Gosfield, 
County  Essex  ;  licensed  to  travel  for 
three  years,  February  20,  1604;  again 
licensed  to  travel  for  three  years,  July 
25,  1009  ;  created  a  baronet,  June  29, 
1611 ;  married  a  daughter  of  Sir  Moyle 
Finch  ;  died  in  October,  1631.  He 
was  probably  M.  P.  for  Wottou  Basset 
in  1601. 

Wentworth,  Thomas,  esquire,  3. 

Sub. ;  pd. .     This  was  either 

Thomas  AVentworth,  Esq.,  of  North 
Elmsal,  Yorkshire,  born  about  1590, 
and  died  in  1650,  who  married,  first, 
Mary,  daughter  of  Sir  William  Bam- 
borough,  and,  secondly,  Martha,  daugh- 
ter of  Sir  Thomas  Hayes,  Lord  Mayor 
of  London  ;  or  Thomas  Wentworth, 
Esq.,  of  Wentworth  Woodhouse  in 
Yorkshire,  born  April  13,  1593  ;  the 
unfortunate  statesman,  so  well  known 
in  history  as  the  Earl  of  Strafford  ; 
beheaded  on  Tower  Hill,  May  12, 1611. 
He  married,  first,  Lady  Margaret  Clif- 
ford, daughter  of  Francis,  Earl  of 
Cumberland,  and,  secondly.  Lady  Ara- 
bella Holies,  daughter  of  John,  Earl 
of  Clare. 

"West  Pedigree.  (Extract.)  Sir 
Thomas  West  ^,  second  Lord  De  la 
Warr,  of  the  new  creation,  married, 
November  19,  1571,  Anne,  daughter 
of  Sir  Francis  Knollys,  by  his  wife, 
Katherine  Gary  (first  cousin  to  Queen 
Elizabeth,  and  sister  to  Henry  Cary, 
first  Lord  Hunsdon),  and  had  issue, 
thirteen  children,  as  follows  :  — 

i.  Elizabeth,  born  September  11, 
1573 ;  sponsors  in  baptism,  Queen 
Elizabeth,  the  Countess  of  Lincoln  ^, 
and  the  Earl  of  Leicester  3.  (She 
married,  in  1594,  Herbert  Pelham,  Sr., 
and  had  issue,  Thomas  Pelham,  Esq., 
of  the  Va.  Co  ) 

ii.  Robert,  born  January  3,  1575  ; 
sponsors,   the  Earl  of  Leicester'*,  Sir 


Francis  Knollys'',  and  the  Countess  of 
AN'arwick  ^.  (He  married,  but  died 
without  issue  in  June,  1594.) 

iii.  Thomas,  born  July  9,  1577  ; 
sponsors,  Sir  Thomas  Sherley  *',  Mr. 
West^  of  Testwood,  and  the  Lady 
Anne  Askin  ^.     (See  hereafter.) 

iv.  Walsiugham,  born  November  13, 
1578  ;  sponsors.  Sir  Francis  Walsiug- 
ham '••,  the  Lord  De  la  Warr  ^'^,  and  the 
Countess  of  Pembroke  ^^.  (He  died 
young.) 

V.  Lettice  (or  Letitia),  born  Novem- 
ber 24,  1579  ;  sponsors,  the  Countess 
of  Essex  ^'-,  the  Lady  Leyghtou  ^^,  and 
the  Lord  Hunsdon  ^*. 

vi.  Anne,  born  May  21,  1581 ;  spon- 
sors, the  Lady  Anne  Askin,^  the  Lady 
Cary  ^^,  and  Sir  Christopher  Hattou  ^^. 
vii.  Penelope,  born  September  9, 
1582  ;  sponsors,  the  Lady  Penelope 
Rich  1'',  the  old  Lady  Chandose  '*,  Mr. 
Philip  Sidney  ^^,  and  Mr.  Folke  Gre- 
vell  20.  (She  married,  in  1599,  Her- 
bert Pelham,  Jr.,  and  had  issue,  six- 
teen children,  of  whom  the  following 
went  to  New  England,  viz.  :  Herbert 
(first  treasurer  of  Harvard  College), 
William,  John,  Elizabeth,  and  Penel- 
ope, who  married  Gov.  Richard  Bel- 
lingham.) 

viii.  Katherine,  born  December  27, 
1583;  sponsors,  Catherine,  Countess  of 
Huntingdon  '^\  tlie  Lady  Catherine 
Howard  --,  and  William  Knollys  '■^^. 
(Said  to  have  died  young.) 

ix.  Francis,  born  October  28,  1586  ; 
sponsors,  Sir  Francis  Knollys  *,  Mr. 
Francis  Hastings  ^■*,  and  the  Countess 
of  Hartford  -°.  (Went  to  Virginia  (see 
hereafter).) 

X.  Helena,  bom  December  15, 
1587  ;  sponsors,  the  Lady  Helena, 
Marques  of  Northampton  -^,  the  Lady 
Sidney  ^",  and  the  Earl  of  Essex '-®. 
(She  married  Sir  William  Savage  of 
Winchester,  recorder.) 

xi.  Anne,  born  February  13,  1589  ; 
sponsors,  the  Lady  Hennige-^,  Mrs. 
Edmonds  ^o,  and  Mr.  John  Stanhope  ^^. 
(She  married  John,  son  of  Sir  Ben- 
jamin Pellet.) 

xii.  John,  born  December  14,  1590; 
sponsors,  Sir  Jolm  Norris  ^-,  Mr.  John 
Foskir  ^^,  Mrs.  Scudamore  ^*,  and  Mrs. 
Ratelifi'e  ^^  (Went  to  Virginia  (see 
hereafter).) 

xiii.  Nathaniel,  born  November  30, 
1592  ;  sponsors.   Sir  Francis  Knollys, 


1046 


WEST 


Jr.  8s,  Mr.  Tasbnrgh  ^'',  and  the  Lady- 
Robert  KnoUys^^.  (Went  to  Virginia, 
and  died  there  (see  hereafter).) 

The  second  Lord  De  la  Warr  died 
at  Wherwell,  Southampton,  on  the  24:th 
of  March,  1G02,  and  was  succeeded  by 
his  second,  but  eklest  surviving  son, 
Sir  Thomas  West,  of  whom  here- 
after. 

Notes  on  the  West  Pedigree. 

1.  He  was  a  great-grandson  of  Sir 
Thomas  West,  eighth  Lord  De  la 
Warr,  who  was  installed  a  Knight  of 
the  Garter  in  the  second  year  of  King 
Henry  VIIL  He  was  of  an  ancient 
and  honorable  family.  Old  Gerard 
Legh,  in  his  "  Accedens  of  Armorie  " 
(1568),  says,  "  This  noble  Knight  of 
worthy  fame  did  beare  twelve  severall 
cotes  [of  arms].  The  first  whereof 
is  Argent,  a  fesse  dans^,  Sable,  by  the 
name  of  West.  The  second  Geules, 
crusul^  boton^  fytche,  a  Lion  ram- 
pande  Argent,  by  the  name  of  La- 
warre.  The  third  is  Azure,  three 
Leopardes  Heads  jessant  Flowers  Or, 
by  the  name  of  Cantelupe.  The 
fowerth  [giving  the  arms]  Mortimer." 
Fifth  Peverell  ;  sixth  Tregose  ;  sev- 
enth Forte  ;  eightli  Fitzperse  ;  ninth 
Verst.  "  The  tenth.  Argent,  on  a 
bende  betweene  two  bendelets  geules, 
three  mullettes  Or,  persed,  by  the 
name  of  Hakelet  "  [Hakluyt].  Elev- 
enth Grisley,  and  twelfth  Thorley. 
This  old  baron  and  Knight  of  the 
Garter  married  twice,  and  by  his  wives 
left  five  sons  and  four  daughters  who 
married  into  the  leading  families  of 
England. 

2.  Elizabeth,  third  wife  of  Edward 
Clinton,  Earl  of  Lincoln.  She  is 
known  as  Surry's  "  Fair  Geraldine." 
Her  nephew,  Gerald  Fitzgerald,  Lord 
Ophely,  married  Catherine  Knollys, 
the  child's  aunt.  The  Wests  and  Clin- 
tons were  also  nearly  related. 

3.  Robert  Dudley,  Earl  of  Leices- 
ter, the  child's  cousin. 

4.  The  child's  grandfather. 

6.  Lady  Anne  Russell,  wife  of  Am- 
brose Dudley,  Earl  of  Warwick. 

G.  The  child  afterwards  married  his 
daugliter. 

7.  Tlie  child's  great-uncle. 

8.  Probably  Anne,  daughter  of  the 
Earl  of  Lincoln,  who  married  Sir  Fran- 
cis Ascouffh. 


9.  Patron  of  American  colonization 
by  the  English. 

10.  The  child's  grandfather,  distin- 
guished at  St.  Quintin  ;  the  first  Lord 
De  la  Warr  of  the  new  creation. 

11.  Mary  Sidney,  the  child's  cousin. 

12.  The  child's  aunt ;  and  then 
really  the  wife  of  3. 

13.  The  child's  aunt. 

14.  The  patron  of  Cavendish,  and 
great-uncle  to  the  child. 

15.  Anne,  daughter  of  Sir  Thomas 
Morgan  and  wife  of  14. 

16.  Patron  of  Sir  Francis  Drake. 

17.  Penelope  Devereux,  sister  to 
the  Earl  of  Essex,  and  first  cousin  to 
the  child.  "  The  Stella  "  of  Sir  Philip 
Sidney.  She  was  then  the  wife  of 
Lord  Rich,  and  became  the  mother  of 
the  second  Earl  of  AVarwick. 

18.  She  married,  secondly,  William 
Knollys,  the  child's  uncle. 

19.  The  celebrated  Sir  Philip  Sid- 
ney, and  (20)  his  friend  Foulke  Gre- 
veil. 

21.  Daughter  of  John  Dudley,  Duke 
of  Northumberland. 

22.  Daughter  of  14. 

23.  The  child's  uncle. 

24.  The  father  of  George,  fourth 
Earl  of  Huntingdon. 

25.  Frances,  sister  of  Charles  How- 
ard, and  second  wife  of  Edward  Sey- 
mour, Earl  of  Hertford. 

26.  She  married,  secondly,  Sir 
Thomas  Gorges. 

27.  Frances,  daughter  of  Sir  Fran- 
cis (9)  Walsingham,  and  widow  of  Sir 
Philip  Sidney  (19). 

28.  Robert  Devereux,  Earl  of  Es- 
sex, whom  27  afterwards  married. 

29.  Anne,  daughter  of  Sir  Nicholas 
Poyntz,  and  wife  of  Sir  Thomas  Hene- 
age.  (She  was  a  friend  to  the  Rev. 
Jolm  Fox.) 

30.  ? 

31.  Afterwards  Lord  Stanhope. 

32.  He  commanded  the  joint  expedi- 
tion with  Drake  to  Portugal. 

33.  34,  35.  I  cannot  identify  these 
with  any  certainty. 

36.  The  child's  uncle.  He  com- 
manded a  ship  in  Drake's  voyage  to 
America  in  1585-86. 

37.  Married  the  child's  aunt. 

38.  Married  the  child's  uncle. 
■West,  Captain  Francis,  esquire,  2. 

Sub. ;  pd.  25.     Born  October  28, 

1586  (see  West   pedigree)  ;    went   to 


WEST 


1047 


Virginia  with  Newport  about  July, 
1G08;  elected  a  meraber  of  the  council 
there  in  August,  1609,  and  soon  after, 
while  at  "  The  Falles  "  (Richmond)  an 
"unkindness"  arose  between  Captain 
Smith  and  him.  Spelman  says,  "  Capt. 
Smith  at  that  time  replied  litell,  but 
afterward  conspired  with  the  Pow- 
hatan to  kill  Capt.  Weste,  which  plott 
took  but  small  effect,  for  in  ye  mean- 
time Capt.  Smith  was  aprehended,  and 
sent  abord  for  England." 

About  January,  1610,  Captain  West 
returned  to  England  in  the  Swallow, 
arriving  there  in  May.  He  probably 
returned  to  Virginia  the  same  year 
(1610)  in  June  or  December.  After 
Percy  left  in  1612,  West  succeeded 
him  as  commander  at  Jamestown,  in 
which  office  he  continued  for  many 
years,  being,  I  am  quite  sure,  a  mem- 
ber of  the  council  also.  He  was  cer- 
tainly a  member  of  the  Council  in  Vir- 
ginia from  April,  1619,  to  February, 
1633.  He  was  one  of  those  who,  in 
1620,  petitioned  to  have  "  some  man 
of  qualitye  sent  Governor  unto  Vir- 
ginia." 

In  January,  1622,  he  was  one  of  the 
signers  of  the  certificate  indorsing 
Capt.  John  Martin  ;  March  22,  1622, 
in  the  great  massacre,  the  Indians 
killed  two  men  on  his  jjlantation  "  at 
Westover,  about  a  mile  from  Berkley 
Hundred."  In  November,  1622,  he 
was  commissioned  by  the  New  England 
Council  to  be  admiral  of  New  Eng- 
land ;  his  instructions  having  been 
drawn  up  by  Sir  Ferdinando  Gorges. 
He  was  in  Virginia  in  March,  1623  ; 
went  to  New  England  in  May  or  June ; 
returned  to  Virginia  ;  again  in  New 
England  in  August,  and  was  still  there 
when  the  governor,  Robert  Gorges, 
arrived  "  about  ye  middle  of  Septem- 
ber." "  Captaine  Francis  West,  ye 
aforesaid  admirall,"  had  also  been  ap- 
pointed a  member  of  the  Governor's 
Council.  He  left  New  England  soon 
after,  and  had  arrived  in  Virginia 
some  time  prior  to  February  16,  1624, 
when  he  was  living  "at  West  and 
Sherley  hundred  Hand."  "  Westover  " 
and  "  Sherley,"  the  original  plantations 
of  his  brothers  and  himself,  are  now 
historic  seats  on  the  James.  In  1625 
he  was  living,  for  some  reason,  on  the 
company's  land  in  "Elizabeth  Cittie," 
and    his    brother    Nathaniel's    widow, 


Mrs.  Frances  West,  and  her  infant  son 
Nathaniel  were  living  with  him. 

About  November  14,  1627,  he  was 
elected  governor  of  Virginia,  and  con- 
tinued in  that  office  until  March  o, 
1629,  when  Dr.  John  Pott  was  elected 
in  his  place,  as  he  had  been  chosen  to 
go  to  England  to  settle  some  disputes. 
He  arrived  in  England  in  the  same 
year,  and  while  there  he  resisted  the 
planting  of  Lord  Baltimore's  proposed 
colony  within  the  limits  of  Virginia. 
He  returned  to  Virginia  prior  to  De- 
cember, 1631,  when  I  find  him  attend- 
ing a  meeting  of  the  council  here  ; 
again  in  February  and  September, 
1632,  and  in  February,  1633.  After 
the  last  date  I  have  found  no  mention 
of  him  in  our  records.  "  There  is  a 
tradition  in  the  Earl  of  De  la  Warr's 
family  that  he  was  drowned." 

May  2,  1645,  on  the  recommenda- 
tion of  the  Lord  Mayor,  Aldermen, 
and  Common  Council  of  London  the 
House  of  Lords  appointed  a  Colonel 
Francis  West  to  be  lieutenant  of  the 
Tower  of  London.  He  died  August 
11, 1652.  The  members  of  tlie  Virginia 
Council  are  always  styled  "  Colonel " 
in  our  old  records,  and  this  may  be 
our  Virginia  colonel  ;  but  the  name  is 
a  hard  one  to  trace.  There  were  at 
least  three  "  armigers  "  of  this  name 
living  in  or  about  London  at  this  time. 

West,  John,  esquire.  Twelfth 
cjiild  of  the  second  lord  (see  West 
pedigree).  At  the  time  of  the  massa- 
cre, March,  162 J,  Capt.  Francis  West, 
Master  John  West,  and  Capt.  Nathan- 
iel West,  each  had  a  plantation  "  at 
Westover,  about  a  mile  from  Berkley 
Hundred,"  and  the  Indians  killed  two 
men  at  each  plantation.  I  do  not 
know  when  he  first  came  to  Virginia; 
he  was  a  burgess  1629-30;  member  of 
the  council,  1630  to  his  death  ;  gov- 
ernor of  the  colony  from  May,  1635,  to 
January,  1637  ;  marshal  and  muster 
master-general,  1641.  He  died  about 
1659,  leaving,  by  his  wife  Anne,  a  son 
John,  many  of  whose  descendants  have 
been  distinguished  in  the  annals  of  this 
country. 

West,  John,  grocer,  2.  Sub.  £37 
10s.;  pd.  £50.  The  name  of  his  first 
wife,  who  was  the  motlier  of  his  chil- 
dren, is  not  known  to  me.  He  mar- 
ried, secondly,  Catharine,  daughter  of 
Giles  Hambier,  of  Ghent  in  Flanders 


1048 


WEST 


(see  Katharine  West),  and  died  about 
1614,  leaving  a  son,  John  West,  Jr. 
(next),  and  a  daughter  Mary,  who 
married  William  Harrison. 

West,  John,  Jr.,  grocer.  Of  the 
B.  I.  Co.,  sou  of  the  above. 

West  (Fust),  Katharine,  2.     Sub. 

;    pd.    £25.     She  married,   first, 

Richard  Fust,  of  Hill,  Gloucester 
(said  to  have  been  of  the  family  of 
John  Fust,  of  Mentz  in  Germany,  who, 
about  the  year  1430,  invented  the  art 
of  printing)  ;  he  died  in  December, 
1613  ;  she  then  married  John  West, 
grocer;  and  then  Sir  Edward  Conway. 
Her  will  is  dated  March  29, 1637.  She 
left  a  large  sum  for  charity  in  the  care 
of  the  Grocers,  with  Mary  Harrison 
(the  daugliter  of  John  West,  grocer, 
aforesaid)  as  an  executrix. 

West,  Nathaniel,  esquire.  Thir- 
teenth child  of  second  lord.  (See 
West  pedigree  and  the  sketches  of  his 
brothers.)  He  died  in  Virginia  be- 
tween April,  1623,  and  February,  1624. 

West,    Thomas,    2.      Sub.  ; 

pd.  £500.  Third  Lord  De  la  Warr 
(see  West  pedigree)  ;  born  July  9, 
1577  ;  educated  at  Oxford,  and  was 
a  master  of  arts  of  that  university  ; 
knighted  by  Essex  at  Dublin,  Ii-eland, 
Jidy  12,  1599.  I  have  few  particulars 
of  his  early  life  ;  but  he  served  with 
distinction  in  the  Low  Countries,  and 
probably  this  fact,  or  the  fact  tliat  he 
was  a  very  strong  Church  of  England 
man,  will  account  for  the  evident  bit- 
terness of  Zuniga  towards  him.  He 
was  implicated  in  the  Essex  rebellion, 
February  8,  1601,  and  was  imprisoned 
"at  Wood  Street  counter."  On  Feb- 
ruary 19,  Essex  "  asked  pardon  of  his 
father  for  bringing  his  son  into  danger, 
who  was  unacquainted  with  the  whole 
matter."  His  father,  the  second  lord, 
died  March  24, 1602,  and  he  succeeded 
as  third  Lord  De  la  Warr,  and  also  as  a 
member  of  the  Privy  Council  of  Queen 
Elizabeth,  and,  on  her  death,  became 
a  privy  councilor  to  James  1.  He 
took  the  most  active  interest  in  tlie 
American  enterprise,  and  from  about 
1608  to  his  death  he  devoted  his  life 
to  tlie  movement  for  establishing  Eng- 
lish Protestant  colonies  in  the  New 
World  ;  M.  C.  for  Va.  Co.,  1609;  first 
governor  and  captain-general  for  life, 
February  28,  1610.  ()n  his  first  voy- 
age, and  in  Virginia,  from  March,  1610, 


to  June,  1611.  He  died  while  on  his 
way  to  Virginia,  June  7,  1618,  and  the 
news  of  his  death  reached  England 
October  5  following.  John  Pory  says 
"he  died  in  Canada."  Baker,  in  his 
Chronicles,  says  "  he  arrived  and  died 
in  Virginia."  (The  Virginia  of  that 
day  extended  to  45°  north  latitude.) 
Smith  says  "  his  ship  stood  in  for  the 
coast  of  New  England."  It  seems 
quite  certain  that  he  died  on  our 
northern  shore.  Stitli  says,  "  And  I 
think  I  have  somewhere  seen  that  he 
died  about  tlie  mouth  of  the  Delaware 
Bay;"  but  this  idea  must  have  been 
purely  imaginary,  for  I  have  searched 
in  vain  for  any  evidence  of  it. 

He  was  married,  on  November  25, 
1596,  in  the  old  church  of  St.  Duustan 
in  the  West,  Fleet  Street,  London,  to 
"  Cesellye,  daughter  of  Sir  Thomas 
Shei'ley,"  and  sister  of  the  three  cele- 
brated brother  travelers.  The  cere- 
mony was  performed  by  the  Rev. 
Thomas  White,  D.  D.,  prebendary  of 
St.  Paul's  Cathedral,  vicar  of  St. 
Dunstan's  from  1575  to  1624,  and 
founder  of  the  celebrated  Sion  College, 
London. 

The  third  lord's  son  and  successor, 
Henry,  fourth  Lord  De  la  Warre,  mar- 
ried Isabella,  daughter  of  Sir  Thomas 
Edmonds.  He  was  elected  M.  C.  for 
Va.  Co.  February  5,  162 1.  During 
1619-23,  his  mother,  the  Lady  De  la 
Warre,  and  himself  transferred  to 
others  many  shares  of  land  in  Virginia. 

Soon  after  the  death  of  the  third 
lord,  James  I.  granted  his  widow 
Cecily  a  pension  of  £500  per  annum 
for  thirty-one  years,  to  be  paid  out  of 
the  customs  of  the  plantation,  and  in 
1634,  the  said  grant  being  more  than 
half  expired,  she  petitioned  Charles  I. 
for  a  renewal  of  the  same  "  for  thirty- 
one  years  from  the  present  time,"  on 
the  ground  "  that  the  great  profits 
and  advantages  accruing  from  thence 
are  due  to  the  large  sums  of  money  ex- 
pended by  her  late  husband  out  of  her 
jointure,  while  he  was  settling  the 
plantation,  where  he  died  and  k-i't  her 
burdened  Avith  many  debts,  and  only 
£10  per  annum  to  maintain  herself 
and  seven  children."  We  find  the 
great  services  rendered  by  the  third 
Lord  De  la  Warr,  in  the  matter  of 
founding  the  colony,  officially  ac- 
knowledged at  various  times  by  the 


WEST  — WHEATLEY 


1049 


crown,  by  the  company,  and  by  the  col- 
ony ;  and  if  any  one  man  can  be  called 
the  fonnder  of  Virginia  (i.  e.,  this 
country)  1  believe  that  he  is  that  man. 
The  late  representative  of  Great  Brit- 
ain in  the  United  States,  the  Hon. 
Sackville-West,  descends  from  him  in 
the  direct  male  line. 


West,  Captain  William.  Lord 
De  la  Warr's  nephew.  He  was  killed 
by  the  Indians  at  the  falls  of  James 
River,  Virginia,  in  1611. 

Weston,  Garret.     Pd.  £12  lOs. 

Westro'w,  John,  2.    Sub. ;  pd. 

£37  10s. 

Westwood,  Humfrey,  goldsmith, 

2.     Sub. ;pd.  £62  10s.     The  gold 

ore  which  Ralegh  brought  from  Gui- 
ana, in  1.j95,  was  first  assayed  by 
Master  Westwood,  a  refiner,  dwelling 
in  Wood  Street.  He  was  on  the 
"jury  of  sixteen  of  the  most  honest, 
skillfullest,  and  best  reputed  gould- 
smiths,"  who  tried  the  money  in  the 
mint.  May  9,  1611  ;  died  in  1622,  and 
was  buried  at  Tottenham. 

Wetwood  (Welwood  ?),  Ran- 
dall, 2.     Sub. ;  pd.  £25. 

Weymouth,  Captain  George. 
Made  a  voyage  to  discover  a  Northwest 
passage  in  1593 ;  another.  May  to 
September,  1602  ;  to  our  New  Eng- 
land coast,  March  to  July,  1605  ;  pen- 
sioned in  1607  ;  employed  at  Wool- 
wich in  1609. 

Weynman  —  Wenman  —  Wey- 
man  —  Waynenian  —  Wayman  — 
Waynam,  etc..  Sir  Ferdinando,  2. 

Sub. ;  pd. .     Master  of  the 

ordnance  in  Virginia,  1610.  "  June  28, 
1620,  Sir  Ferdinando  Weynman  al- 
lowed upon  account  to  his  daughter, 
for  £100,  adventured  with  ye  Lord  La 
Warr,  4  shares  in  Virginia."  "  More 
allowed  his  said  daughter  for  adven- 
ture of  his  person,  4  shares  in  Vir- 
ginia "  (from  Va.  Co.  Records). 

Thomas  Wa.yneman,  esquire,  mar- 
ried, June  9,  1572,  Jane  West,  an  aunt 
of  the  third  Lord  De  la  Warr.  Sir 
Ferdinando  was  their  son.  Mr.  Neill,  in 


"  Virginia  Vetusta  "  (p.  75,  note),  says 
he  "  married  Ann,  daughter  of  Sir 
Samuel  Sandys,  and  her  sister  became 
the  wife  of  Sir  Francis  Wyatt,  after- 
wards governor  of  Virginia." 

Weynman    (etc.),   Sir   Thomas, 

2.     Sub. ;    pd. .     Of  Oxford; 

knighted  at  the  Charterhouse,  May 
11,  1603.  Sir  Robert  and  Sir  Francis 
Wenman  were  also  members  of  the 
Va.  Co.  at  a  later  period. 

Wharton,   Sir   George,  2.     Sub, 

;    pd.  .     Eldest   son   of  the 

third  Lord  Wharton.  M.  P.  for  West- 
moreland in  1601  ;  made  a  Knight  of 
the  Bath  at  the  coronation  of  King 
James,  July  25,  1603  ;  fell  in  a  duel 
with  his  friend,  Sir  James  Stuart, 
son  of  Lord  Blantyre,  November  8, 
1609  ;  both  combatants  were  slain, 
and  both  interred  in  one  grave  at  Is- 
lington, by  the  king's  command,  on 
November  10,  1609. 

Wheatley  —  Whitley  —  Whit- 
ney, Thomas,  grocer,  2.  Sub.  £37 
10s.  ;  pd.  £87  10s.  Of  the  E.  I.  and 
N.  W.  P.  companies  ;  one  of  the  com- 
mittee of  directors  of  the  Va.  Co.  of 
London,  April  28,  1619;  active  in  the 
affairs  of  that  company  and  of  the 
S.  I.  Co.  during  1619-24  ;  elected  to 
his  Majesty's  Council  of  the  Va.  Co. 
in  June,  1623. 

He  was  quite  certainly  the  "  well  dis- 
posed gentleman  that  desires  not  to 
be  named,"  who  gave  eight  sermons 
yearly  to  the  parish  of  St.  Mildred, 
Poultry  ;  one  to  be  delivered  at  the 
beginning  of  August  in  commemora- 
tion of  God's  great  mercy  in  deliver- 
ing the  nation  from  the  Invincible 
Armada  of  Spain  in  1588  ;  another  on 
the  17th  of  November,  in  commemora- 
tion of  God's  great  mercy  in  deliver- 
ing us  from  under  the  more  than 
Egyptian  bondage  of  Popish  slavery, 
and  restoring  true  religion  to  this 
nation.  The  other  six  sermons  to  be 
preached  in  their  several  seasons  upon 
the  doctrines  of  the  nativity,  passion, 
resurrection,  ascension  of  our  Lord 
Jesus,  upon  the  coming  down  of  the 
Holy   Ghost,   and    the    Trinity.      He 


1050 


.WHEELER  —  WHITBOURNE 


gave  the  minister  fifteen  shillings  for 
preaching  each  sermon,  and  he  gave 
ten  shillings  to  the  poor  on  the  day  of 
each  sermon.  By  his  will,  in  1653, 
he  increased  the  minister's  fee  to 
twenty  shillings,  and  the  gift  to  the 
poor  to  the  same  amount.  He  was 
also  a  benefactor  of  the  Grocers' 
Company. 

Wheeler,  Nicholas.  Sub.  £12 
10s.;  pd.  £12  10s. 

"Wheeler,     Thomas,     draper,     2. 

Sub. ;  pd.  £12  10s.     Of  the  E. 

I.  Co. 

Whistler,  Francis,  gent.,  2.  Sub. 
;  pd.  £25. 

Whitaker,   Rev.    Alexander,    3. 

Sub.  ;    pd.  .     Son   of    Rev. 

William  Whitaker  ;  born  at  Cam- 
bridge in  1585  ;  M.  A.  Cambridge 
about  1604  ;  had  a  good  parish  in  the 
northern  part  of  England,  but  deter- 
mined to  go  as  a  missionary  to  Vir- 
ginia ;  went  with  Dale  in  March, 
1611,  with  pu^-pose  to  stay  three 
years  ;  preacher  to  the  colony  at  Hen- 
rico in  1612  and  after  ;  living  at  Rock 
Hall,  his  parsonage,  on  the  church 
land  opposite  Henrico  in  1614  ;  min- 
ister at  Bermuda  Nether  Hundred  in 
the  spring  of  1616  ;  drowned  before 
June,  1617. 

It  has  been  claimed  that  he  married 
Rolfe  to  Pocahontas  ;  but  I  have  not 
seen  the  evidence  of  it,  circumstantial 
or  otherwise.  The  only  evidence  that 
I  have  seen  is  circumstantial,  and  it 
points  quite  conclusively  to  the  Rev. 
Mr.  Bucke,  the  minister  at  James- 
town, —  where  it  is  said  the  ceremony 
was  performed,  —  the  friend  of  Rolfe, 
and  a  witness  to  his  will. 

Whitaker,  Dr.  (William).  The 
father  of  Alexander  Whitaker;  a  cele- 
brated Puritan  divine  ;  born  in  1547  ; 
became  the  head  of  St.  John's  College, 
Cambridge,  and  died  in  1595.  Nicholas 
Culverwell  (a  relative  to  Judith  Cul- 
ver well,  tlie  first  wife  of  Sir  Thomas 
Smythe),  a  citizen  of  London,  and 
Queen  Elizabeth's  merchant  for  wines, 
was  the  father  of  the  famous  Puritan 
divines,  Ezekiel  and  Sannul  Culverwell, 
and  of  three  daughters,  who  married 
respectively  Dr.  Laurence  Chaderton, 
Dr.  Thomas  Gouge,  the  father  of  Dr. 
William  Gouge,  and  Dr.  William 
Whitaker.  Miss  Culverwell  was  Dr. 
Whitaker's  fii-st  wife,  and  the  mother 


of  Rev.  Alexander  Whitaker,  and 
others.  The  doctor  married,  second- 
ly, April  8,  1591,  Joan,  widow  of 
Rev.  Dudley  Fenner,  who,  it  is  said, 
bore  him  eight  children  ;  but  this 
seems  unreasonable,  as  the  doctor  died 
December  4,  1595,  having  survived 
his  marriage  only  about  four  years 
and  eight  months.  Many  in  America 
claim  descent  from  him. 

Whitbourne,  Captain  Richard. 
Of  Exmouth,  Devonshire  ;  a  traveler 
and  adventurer  into  foreign  countries 
at  15  years  of  age  ;  often  in  France, 
Spain,  Italy,  Portugal,  Savoy,  Den- 
mark, Norway,  Sprucela/id,  the  Ca- 
naries and  Soris  Islands  ;  and  New- 
foundland was  almost  as  well  known 
to  him  as  his  own  countr}'.  He  made 
his  first  voyage  thither  about  1579  ; 
was  there  in  1583,  wheu  Sir  Humfrey 
Gilbert  took  possession  and  sailed 
from  thence  towards  Virginia  ;  was 
again  there  in  1585,  when  Sir  Bernard 
Drake  came  with  a  commission,  and 
took  many  Portugal  ships  laden  with 
fish  and  carried  them  to  England  as 
prizes.  He  served  in  a  ship  of  his 
own  against  the  Spanish  Armada  in 
1588,  and  afterwards  made  frequent 
voy.'vges  to  Newfoundland.  On  one 
of  these  voyages  in  1610,  he  saw 
something  which  he  supposed  was  a 
"  Maremaide,"  but  "whether  it  were 
a  Maremaid  or  no,"  he  wisely  left 
"  for  others  to  judge."  While  on  that 
coast  he  fell  into  the  hands  of  the 
arch-pirate,  Peter  Eastou,  in  1612,  and 
of  Sir  Henry  Manwai'ing  in  1614. 
He  returned  to  Newfoundland  with  a 
commission  out  of  the  High  Court  of 
Admiralty  in  1615  ;  a  ship  of  his  was 
taken  by  a  "  French  Pyrate  of  Ro- 
chell  "  in  1616  ;  was  again  sent  over 
with  a  commission  (tliis  time  from 
Henry  Viscoimt  Falkland)  in  1618. 
He  published  "  A  Discourse  and  Dis- 
covery of  Newfoundland "  in  1620, 
which  the  king  and  council  indorsed 
by  letter  of  June  30,  1621.  He  pub- 
lished as  a  sequel  to  this  in  1622  "  A 
Discourse  Containing  A  Loving  In- 
vitation .  .  .  for  the  advancement  of 
his  Majesties  most  hopefuU  Plantation 
in  the  New-Fovnd-Land."  Dedicated 
to  Henry  Viscount  Falkland.  By 
letter  of  April  12,  1022,  the  king  gave 
Whitbourne  the  sole  benefit  of  print- 
ing his  book  for  one  and  twenty  years; 


HENRY  vVRIOTHESLEY 
Third  Earl  of  Souihamptoii 


WHITBOURXE  —  WHITE 


1051 


commended  the  book  to  the  Arch- 
bishops of  Canterbury  and  York  ;  had 
it  distributed  in  the  several  parishes 
"  for  the  incourageraent  of  Adventur- 
ers unto  the  phintatiou  there  "  and 
ordered  collections  to  be  made  in  all 
the  parishes  "  towards  tlie  charge  of 
printing  and  distributing  these  bookes, 
and  the  said  Captaine  Whitbourne's 
good  endeavours,  and  service  with  ex- 
pence  of  his  time  and  meanes  in  tlie 
advancing  of  the  said  Plantation  ;  and 
his  severall  great  losses  received  at 
Sea  by  Pyrats  and  otherwise,  of  which 
his  Maiesty  hath  beene  ci'edibly  certi- 
fied .  .  .  which  will  be  both  a  good 
incouragemeut  unto  others  in  the  like 
indeavours  for  the  service  of  their 
country,  and  some  reward  to  him  for 
his  great  charge." 

He  was  still  living  November  10, 
162G,  when  he  wrote  a  letter  calen- 
dared as  "  Sir  Rich.  Wliitbourne  to 
the  Duke  of  Buckingham ; "  but  I 
cannot  find  that  he  was  ever  knighted. 
From  this  letter  and  an  accompanying 
certificate  signed  by  Sir  Edward  Sey- 
mour, John  Drake,  and  eight  others, 
he  seems  to  be  intending  to  settle  him- 
self and  others  in  Newfoundland.  He 
was  then  over  sixty,  I  suppose.  I  find 
nothing  more  of  him. 

Capt.  John  Smith,  in  his  "  General 
History,"  gives  some  extracts  from 
Whitbourne's  publications,  but  calls 
him  incorrectly  "  Captaine  Charles 
Whitbourne."  It  is  highly  probable 
that  Smith  desired  just  such  a  letter 
(in  his  behalf  and  in  the  behalf  of  his 
books)  as  that  from  the  king,  of  April 
12,  1G22,  to  the  archbishops. 

White,  James,  gent.,  2.  Sub. 
;  pd.  £25. 

White,  Captain  John.  Went  with 
Lane  to  Roanoke  in  lo85,  and  re- 
mained there  until  taken  off  by  Drake 
in  1586.  He  was  an  artist ;  made 
maps  of  the  country,  and  drawings  of 
the  inhabitants  and  of  all  curious 
things.  jSIany  of  these  paintings  are 
now  in  the  Sloaue  collection  and  in 
the  Grenville  Library  in  the  British 
Museum.  One  of  those  to  whom  Ra- 
legh assigned,  January  7,  1587  ;  sailed 
with  the  unfoiiunate  colony  to  Roan- 
oke, May  18;  returned  to  England  for 
supplies,  November  8,  1587.  Again 
sailed,  April  25  ;  but  returned  in  May, 
1588,   without    reaching   the   colony ; 


one  of  those  in  the  Indenture,  March 
7,  1589;  some  of  his  maps,  drawings, 
etc.,  were  engraved  by  De  Bry  in 
Hariot's  Report  of  the  Newfoundland 
of  Virginia  in  1590  ;  again  sailed  to 
Roanoke  on  the  voyage  of  March- 
October,  1591.  He  wrote  to  Ralegh 
"  from  my  house  at  Newtowne  in  Kyl- 
more,  February  4,  159-t."  (Several  of 
the  De  Bry  engravings  were  used  in 
Smith's  "  (reueral  History.") 

White.  John.  Son  of  Henry  White 
of  Henllan,  Pembroke,  esquire,  and 
his  wife  Jane,  daughter  of  Thomas 
Fletcher;  was  born  June  29,  1590;  at 
Oxford,  1G07-1C11;  "afterwards  stud- 
ied law  and  became  a  barrister  and 
counselor  of  eminence,  and  one  of  the 
masters  of  the  bench  in  the  Middle 
Temple  ;"  elected  M.  C.  for  Va.  Co. 
in  May,  1623;  counselor  of  the  Mas- 
sachusetts Company,  and  is  supposed 
to  have  drawn  up  their  charter,  1628; 
M.  P.  for  Southwark,  from  1640  till 
his  decease  in  January,  104 1.  At  the 
time  of  his  death  he  was  one  of  the 
lay  members  of  the  Westminster  As- 
sembly. While  a  member  of  the 
Long  Parliament,  he  served  on  the 
committee  "  to  inquire  into  the  scan- 
dalous immoralities  of  the  clergy," 
and  "  The  First  Century  of  Scanda- 
lous, Malignant  Priests  iMade  and  ad- 
mitted into  Benefices  by  the  Prel- 
ates," was  published  by  him,  by  order 
of  Parliament,  November  17,  1643. 
Among  the  "  Malignant  Priests  "  we 
find  Rev.  Lawrence  Washington,  the 
father  of  Colonel  John,  the  Virginia 
emigrant. 

(John  White,  the  Puritan,  must  not 
be  confused  with  John  White,  the 
Royalist,  who  v/as  M.  P.  for  Rye, 
April-Maj',  1640,  and  of  the  Long 
Parliament  from  November  3,  1640, 
till  disabled  as  a  Royalist,  February 
5,  1G4|.) 

White,  Leonard,  gent.,  2.     Sub. 

;  pd.  £25.     Of  the  E.  I.  Co.;  on 

January  9,  1610,  his  adventure  and 
freedom  in  the  E.  I.  Co.  were  made 
over  to  Sir  Richard  Lovelace. 

White,  Thomas,  grocer,  2.     Sub. 

;    pd.    £62    10s.     Of   the    E.   I. 

Co. 

White,  William.  He  had  formerly 
lived  with  tlie  Indians.  Tliere  was  a 
William  White  among  the  Roanoke 
colonists  of  1585-86;  a  Capt.  William 


1052 


WHITLEY  —  WHITSON 


White  was  exploring  Guiana  in  South 
America  about  1609  ;  and  William 
White  of  London,  linen-draper,  who 
died  about  June,  1627,  had  interests  in 
Virginia  (see  his  will  in  "  N.  E.  Reg- 
ister," January,  1887,  p.  63).  I  have 
a  presentiment  that  the  life  of  William 
White  was  very  interesting,  and  I  do 
not  forgive  Purchas  for  suppressing 
his  description  of  Virginia. 

Whitley.     See  WJaeatley. 

Whitmore,  George,  haberdasher, 
2.  Sub. ;  pd. .  Son  of  Wil- 
liam Whitmore  by  his  wife,  Anne 
Bond  (sister  of  Capt.  Martin  Bond); 
an  incorporator  of  the  E.  I.  Co. ;  sher- 
iff of  London,  1621-22  ;  alderman 
of  Farringdon  Within  ward,  June  2, 
1621,  to  November  7,  1626,  then  of 
Langbourue  ward  to  May,  1643  ;  on 
the  Virginia  Commission,  July  15, 
1624 ;  Lord  Mayor  of  London,  1631- 
32  ;  knighted  May  27,  1632  ;  seated 
at  Balmes,  in  Hackney  Parish,  Mid- 
dlesex; a  devoted  Royalist,  assisted 
the  king  with  money  to  the  extent  of 
£15,000,  and  was  imprisoned  because 
he  would  contribute  nothing  for  the 
service  of  Parliament  ;  died  Decem- 
ber, 1654  ;  a  great  benefactor  to  St. 
Paul's  Cathedral  and  to  the  Haber- 
dashers. Three  of  his  sisters  mar- 
ried persons  named  in  this  Dictionary, 
namely:  Margaret,  Sir  Richard  Grob- 
ham,  Elizabeth,  Sir  William  Craven, 
and  Frances,  Sir  John  Weld. 

Whitson,  Master  John.  Born  at 
Clearwell,  in  the  parish  of  Newland, 
in  the  County  of  Gloucester,  about 
1575  ;  went  to  Bristol  about  1575  ; 
was  servant  to  Mr.  Trenchard,  a  wine- 
cooper  in  Nicholas  Street,  who  fitted 
out  ships  for  the  sea  in  that  line,  and 
probabh'  had  some  share  in  their  car- 
goes ;  became  first  clerk  in  his  mas- 
ter's counting-house,  and  when  his 
master  died  he  married  his  widow 
and  carried  on  the  business.  When 
the  King  of  Spain  laid  the  embargo 
of  1585  on  English  ships,  he  was  one 
of  the  Bristol  merchants  who  sent 
out  the  "  ]Marv-flowre,"  a  ship  of  war 
to  take  "  Spauiardes  goods  at  sea ; "  the 
venture  was  successful;  but  Whitson, 
not  liking  the  business,  sold  out  to  Mr. 
Thomas  James,  and  never  after  held 
any  part  in  "  any  prizall  goods."  He 
gave  many  instances  of  his  charity  in 
times   of   scarcity  and  sickness.     He 


served  the  office  of  mayor  of  Bristol 
in  1603,  in  his  house  in  St.  Nicholas 
Street  ;  in  which  year  he  aided  in 
sending  Capt.  Martin  Pring  to  our 
New  England  coast,  on  which  voyage 
Whitson's  Head  (now  Cape  Cod)  and 
AVhitson's  Baj^  (now  Cape  Cod  Bay) 
were  named  for  him.  AVe  find  him  re- 
peatedly representing  Bristol,  in  sun- 
dry cases,  before  the  courts  at  London ; 
M.  P.  for  Bristol,  1605-11  and  1614; 
mayor  of  Bristol,  1615.  "  There  was 
a  great  question  for  precedencie  be- 
tween M'.  Whitson  and  M^  James,  in 
the  yeares  1616,  and  1617  ;  but  in  the 
end  M'.  James  yeelded  and  M".  Whit- 
son and  M^  James  were  made  good 
freends."  M.  P.  for  Bristol,  1621-22, 
in  which  Parliament  he  voted  with 
the  "  free  traders."  Admitted  into 
the  Va.  Co.  of  London,  May  22, 1622  ; 
again  M.  P.  for  Bristol,  1625.  "  No- 
vember 7,  1626,  he  was  violently  as- 
saulted by  one  Christopher  Callowhill, 
who  having  a  naked  knife  in  his  hand 
stabbed  him  therewith,  through  the 
nose  and  lip  into  his  mouth,  thinking 
to  have  killed  him;  the  occasion  was 
a  matter  of  debt,  referred  to  him 
(Whitson)  to  settle  as  arbitrator." 
"  Alderman  Whitson  died  with  a  fall 
from  his  horse,  and  was  buried  on 
Mounday,  March  9, 162 1,  in  the  Crowd 
of  St.  Nicholas  Church,  in  Bristol ; " 
where  there  is  a  monument,  "  In 
Memory  of  that  great  Benefactor,  to 
This  City,  John  Whitson,  merchant, 
twice  Mayor  and  Alderman,  and  four 
times  member  in  Parliament  for  this 
city;  who  died  in  the  seventy-second 
year  of  his  age,  A.  D.  1629.  A  wor- 
thy Pattern  to  all  that  come  after 
him!"  In  his  will,  dated  March  27, 
1627,  we  find,  among  others,  the  fol- 
lowing bequests:  — 


To  fifty-two  chilf!  Bf^d  women, 
To  The  Reil  Mai.l's  Hospital, 
To  the  Redcliff  Free  School, 
To  the  Merchant's  Almshouse, 
To  Poor  Scholars  of  Oxford, 
To  Poor  Housekeepers, 
To  Poor  Widows, 
To  St.  Nicholas  Clmrch, 


£500.   to  the  use  of   Merchants  and 
poor  Tradesmen,  interest  free." 

He  wrote  "  The  Aged  Christian's 
final  farewell  to  the  world  and  its 
vanities,"  which   was   first    published 


"  Per  annuin. 

£ 

s. 

d. 

52. 

0. 

0. 

I'iO. 

0. 

0. 

8. 

10. 

G. 

2G. 

0. 

0. 

20. 

0. 

0. 

52. 

0. 

0. 

2G. 

0. 

0. 

3. 

0. 

0. 

WHITTINGH  AM  —  WILMOT 


1053 


in  1729,  one  hundred  years  after  bis 
deatli. 

He  married  three  times;  one  of  his 
wives  was  grandmother  of  John  Au- 
brey, the  antiquary  and  naturalist. 


Whittiiigham,  John,  grocer,  2. 
Sub. ;  pd.  £12  10s.  "Late  ap- 
prentice to  M'.  Alderman  Wclde  ; 
sworn  to  Freedom,  January  10,  1598; 
nihil  quia  Aldermannuo  (no  fee);  ad- 
mitted to  the  livery,  May  22,  1G13." 
(Grocers'  Records.) 
"Whittingham,  Thomas,  2.     Sub. 

;  pd. .     In  September,  1G09, 

master's  mate,  Henry  Ravens  and  the 
Cape  Merchant,  Thomas  Whittingham 
sailed  in  the  long  boat  from  the  Ber- 
mtulas  for  Virginia,  and  were  never 
heard  of  again. 

"Wickham,  Rev.  Williain.  He 
was  still  serving  at  Henrico  in  1G19, 
and  possibly  until  1621  a  member  of 
the  council  in  Virginia  in  1619;  sev- 
eral members  of  this  family  were  in 
the  East  India  service,  and  it  is  said 
that  the  first  reference  to  tea,  by  a 
native  of  Britain,  is  found  in  a  letter 
written  in  the  East  Indies  by  a  Mr. 
Wickham,  June  27,  101-5. 

Widowes,  Richard,  goldsmith,  2. 

Sub. ;  pd.  £25. 

Wiffin,  David.     Pd.  £12  10s. 

Wiffin,    Richard,    2.      Sub. ; 

pd.  £12  10s.  Went  to  Virginia  in 
1007. 

Wigmore,  Sir  Richard,  2.     Sub. 

;    pd. .     Of    Herefordshire  ; 

knighted  at  Newark,  April  22,  1003. 
In  lOOl  and  1605  he  was  licensed  to 
import  10,000  lasts  of  cod  and  ling  fish 
for  twenty  years. 

"Wilde.     (See  Weld.) 

Wilkes,  Edward,  2.     Sub. ; 

pd.  £25. 

Willeston  — Wollaston,   Hugh, 

2.     Sub. ;  pd.  £12  10s.     I  believe 

this  to  be  the  son  of  William  Wollas- 
ton, of  Trescott  Grange,  by  his  wife, 
"Miss  eJordaine  of  Dunsley."  He 
was  born  in  1553  ;  came  to  Virginia 
in  1008,  and  died  there  in  1009.  His' 
nephew,  John  Wollaston,  who  received 
a  grant  of  New  Hampshire,  April  18, 


1035,  which  he  transferred  to  his 
brother-in-law.  Capt.  John  Mason, 
June  11,  1035,  was  Lord  Mayor  of 
London,  1644-45,  and  active  under 
Cromwell. 

Willeston  —  Wollaston,  Wil- 
liam,   3.     Sub.   ;   pd.    £37    10s. 

Probably  the  first  cousin  to  John  Wol- 
laston, the  Lord  Mayor  of  London, 
16 11  15.  He  was  born  in  1580;  sher- 
iff of  Leicestershire,  1029,  and  of  Staf- 
fordshire, 1630  ;  died  December  10, 
1666,  aged  86. 

(The  Captain  Wollaston  who  went 
with  Ralegh  to  Guiana,  in  1617,  was 
probably  the  same  who  went  to  Mas- 
sachusetts about  1625.) 

Willet  (or  Wiliest),  John,  cloth- 
worker,  3.     Sub.  £37  10s.;  pd.  37  10s. 

Willet  (or  Wiliest),  William. 
Pd.  £12  10s. 

Williamson,  Sir  Richard,  2.  Sub. 
;  pd.  £25.  Son  of  John  William- 
son, Esq.,  of  Gainsborough,  Lincoln- 
shire, by  his  second  wife,  Jane,  daugh- 
ter of  Christopher  Dobson,  Esq.; 
knighted  at  Whitehall,  May  30,  1604; 
in  some  service  on  the  borders  in 
1607-08 ;  M.  C.  for  Va.  Co.,  1609.  He 
was  master  of  requests  in  1612,  and 
high  stewai'd  of  the  borough  of  East 
Relford,  Notts  ;  M.  P.  for  Richmond 
in  1614.  The  records  of  the  Va.  Co. 
show  that  he  died  before  1620  ;  but  I 
cannot  find  when  or  where. 

V/illiamson,  William.  Pd.  £50. 
Of  the  E.  L  Co. 

Willoughby,  Sir  Percival,  3. 
Sub.  £75;  pd.  £50.  Knighted  April 
21,  1603  ;  M.  P.  for  Nottinghamshire, 
1604-11  ;  for  Tamworth,  1614  ;  died 
about  the  beginning  of  the  civil  war. 

Wilmer,  Andrew,  2.     Sub. ; 

pd.  £25. 

Wilmer,  Clement,  gent.,  2.     Sub. 

;    pd.    £25.     May    8,    1622,    he 

transferred  to  George  Wilmer  two 
shares  of  land  in  Virginia. 

"Wilmer,  George,  esquire,  2.     Sub. 

;  pd.  £25.     Seated  at  Stratford 

le  Bow,  County  Middlesex  ;  married 
Margaret,  daughter  of  Marmaduke 
Tweng,  Esq.,  of  Yorkshire  ;  May  8, 
1622,  purchased  two  shares  in  Virginia 
of  Clement  Wilmer  ;  on  the  Virginia 
Commission  of  July  15,  1624  ;  died  in 
1026,  and  was  buried  in  the  church  at 
Westliam. 

Wilmot,    Sir    Charles,    2.      Sub. 


1054 


WILSFORD  —  WINGFIELD 


£37  10s.  ;  pel.  £52  10s.  A  distin- 
guished soldier  in  Ireland  ;  knighted 
by  Essex  at  Dublin,  August  5,  1599  ; 
constable  of  Castlemain,  1600  -  05  ; 
M.  P.  Launceston,  1614  ;  president  of 
Counaught,  1616  to  his  death  in  1644; 
member  of  the  Privy  Council ;  raised 
to  the  peerage  of  Ireland  as  Viscount 
Wihuot  of  Athlone,  January  4,  1620. 
His  son  was  created  Earl  of  Rochester 
in  1652. 

"Wilsford,  Sir  Thomas,  3.  Sub. 
£37  10s.  ;  pd.  £50.  Of  Ildinge, 
County  Kent  ;  knighted  at  Whitehall, 
November  20, 1607;  ]M.  P.  for  Canter- 
bury, 1625;  married  Elizabeth,,daugh- 
ter  of  Sir  Edwyn  Sandys,  of  North- 
bourne. 

■Wilson,  Felix,  2.     Sub. ;  pd. 

£25. 

"Wilson,  Thomas,  esquire,  2.  Sub. 
£37  10s.;  pd.  £37  10s.  About  the 
year  1603  he  was  employed  by  Salis- 
bury, on  secret  service  in  Spain,  and 
was  awarded  a  pension  for  the  same. 
He  became  a  secretary  to  Salisbur}^, 
and  keeper  of  the  state  papers  ;  M. 
P.  Newton,  1605-11 ;  was  much  inter- 
ested in  new  discoveries,  foreign  com- 
merce, etc.,  and  had  many  cori'esj^ond- 
ents  abroad  (see  Purchas,  i.  pp.  408- 
413,  and  the  East  India  papers) ;  lived 
"  at  his  house  at  the  Britaine  Burse  at 
the  Strand;"  knighted  at  Whitehall, 
July  20,  1618;  keeper  of  Sir  Walter 
Ralegh  from  September  9  to  his  exe- 
cution, October  29,  1618. 

On  July  14,  1622,  he  wrote  that 
"  the  Indians  have  killed  in  Virginia 
at  least  300  or  400  English,  and  but 
for  an  accident,  that  gave  warning, 
man,  mother,  and  child  had  all  been 
slain." 

"Wimarke.     (See  Wymarke.) 

"Wimbleton,  Viscount.  —  Edward 
Cecil. 

Winch — "Wynche,  Daniel,  grocer, 

2.     Sub. ;  pd. .     Admitted  a 

freeman  of  the  Grocers  by  patrimony 
in  1591;  paid  £10  as  his  share  of  £20,- 
000  levied  on  London  by  Queen  Eliza- 
beth in  1598;  married  Sibbell  Shortis, 


'^^U^  ^ 


>»xr?y»>*— «^ 


of  London;  resided  in  the  parish  of  St. 
Mildred,  Poultry.  He  was  buried  in 
that  church,  January  20, 162 1,  and  his 


widow,  who  bequeathed  monej^  to  the 
church,  was  buried  therein,  November 
2, 1631  (see  Wyche).  One  of  the  same 
name  was  a  member  of  the  Massachu- 
setts Company. 

"Wingfield  Pedigree.  (Extract.) 
Sir  John  Wingfield,  of  Letheringham, 
of  a  family  famous  for  their  knighthood 
and  ancient  nobility,  dying  in  1481, 
left  by  his  wife,  Elizabeth  Lewis,  three 
daughters  and  twelve  sons.  The  elev- 
enth son,  "  Sir  Richard  Winglield,  of 
Kimbolton  Castle,  one  of  the  most  dis- 
tinguished soldiers  of  the  era  in  which 
he  lived,  was  chancellor  of  the  Duchie 
of  Lancaster  ;  lord  dejjuty  of  Callis; 
and  made  Knight  of  the  Garter  by 
Henry  VIII.  ;  "  married,  first,  Kath- 
erine,  Duchess  of  Bedford  and  Buck- 
ingham (daughter  of  Richard  Wood- 
ville.  Earl  Rivers,  sister  of  Elizabeth, 
queen  consort  of  Edward  IV.,  aunt  of 
Elizabeth,  queen  consort  of  Henry 
VII.,  and  widow,  first,  of  Henry  Staf- 
ford, Duke  of  Buckingham,  and,  sec- 
ondly, of  Jasper  Tudor  of  Hatfield, 
Duke  of  Bedford),  by  whom  Sir  Rich- 
ard had  no  issue.  He  married,  sec- 
ondly, Bridget,  daughter  of  Sir  John 
Wiltshire,  and  had  all  his  children  by 
her.  He  died  July  22,  1525,  while 
"  ambassadour  in  Spain,  and  was  buried 
at  Toledo."  He  had,  with  other  chil- 
dren, 1.  Charles  ;  2.  Thomas-Maria  ; 
and  3.  James. 

1.  Charles,  his  heir,  of  Kimbolton, 
married  Jane,  sister  to  Sir  Francis 
KnoUys  (see  West  pedigree);  and  his 
great-grandson  sold  Kimbolton  to  Sir 
Henry  Montague.  (The  references  to 
Edward  Wingfield,  quoted  in  Neill's 
"  Virginia  Vetusta,"  pp.  7-8,  evidently 
apply  to  a  member  of  the  Kimbolton 
branch  of  the  family;  which  Edward, 
I  think,  was  afterwards  knighted.) 

3.  James,  the  third  son  of  Sir  Rich- 
ard, was  in  service  in  Ireland  as  early 
as  1574  (see  George  Lord  Carew) ; 
was  master  of  the  ordnance  there  ; 
fought  at  Glenmalure,  etc. 

2.  Thomas-Maria,  apparently  the 
second  son  of  Sir  Richard,  was  so 
christened  by  Queen  Mary  and  Cardi- 
nal Pole  (his  sponsors  in  baptism). 
He  was  probably  born  about  1520 ;  was 
M.  P.  for  Huntingdonshire,  7  Edward 
VI.,  and  in  two  Parliaments  of  Mary, 
and  in  2  and  3  Philip  and  Mary.  He 
married  a  daughter  of  Kerry  or  Kaye, 


WINGFIELD  —  WINXE 


1055 


of  Yorkshire,  who  bore  him  several 
children,  among  whom  were  Edward- 
Maria  (of  wjiom  hereafter)  and 
Thomas-Maria,  who  commanded  a 
company  in  Leicester's  army  in  the 
Low  Countries  in  1585,  and  was 
knighted  in  Irehmd,  in  tlie  GIvnes,  by 
Sir  William  Russell,  May  8,  lo97. 

Sir  Richard  Wingiield's  widow,  the 
Lady  Bridget,  married,  secondlj'.  Sir 
Nicholas  Hervey,  gentleman  of  the 
privy  chamber  to  Henry  VIII.,  and 
bore  him  several  children.  Among 
her  Hervey  grandchildren  (first  cousins 
to  Capt.  Edward-Maria  Wing-field) 
were  George  Lord  Carew,  William 
Lord  Hervey  (whose  first  wife,  Mary, 
was  widow  of  Henry,  second  Earl  of 
Southampton  and  mother  of  Henry, 
the  third  earl),  and  Margaret  Hqrvey, 
who  married  William  Mildmay,  first 
cousin  to  Governor  Winthrop,  of  Mas- 
sachusetts (see  Sir  Henry  Mildmay). 

Lady  Bridget  Wingfield  married, 
thirdly,  Sir  Robert  Tyrwhytt. 

Wingfield,  Captain  Edward-Ma- 
ria,   esquire,    1,    2.      Sub.  ;    pd. 

£88.  "  Of  Stoneley  Priorye  "  in 
Huntingdonshire  ;  born  about  1560, 
probably  before  that  date  ;  a  soldier, 
as  his  forefatliers  were  ;  served  in 
Ireland  ;  then  in  the  Low  Countries, 
where  he  was  a  prisoner  of  war  at 
Lisle,  with  Ferdiuando  Gorges  and 
others,  in  1588;  and  afterwards  served 
in  Ireland.  The  only  member  of  the 
first  colony  mentioned  in  the  first 
charter  who  came  with  the  first  plant- 
ers to  Virginia.  He  was  elected.  May 
14,  1607,  the  first  president  of  the  first 
council  in  the  first  English  colony  in 
America.  "  There  were  never  English- 
man left  in  a  f orreigne  Coimtrye  in  such 
miserie  as  wee  were  in  this  new-dis- 
covered Virginia."  They  were  as- 
sailed by  pestilence  and  famine. 
Wingfield  was  blamed  for  what  he 
could  not  prevent,  and  was  made  a 
scapegoat  by  the  other  members  of 
the  council,  who  deposed  him,  not  only 
from  the  presidency,  but  from  the 
council  also,  September  10, 1607.  He 
left  Virginia  April  10,  and  arrived  in 
England  May  21,  1608.  I  cannot  find 
that  he  ever  returned  to  Virginia  again. 
He  was  still  living,  and  unmarried, 
in  1613.  When  he  died  I  do  not 
know. 

He  was  a  man  of  age  (probably  near 


fifty)  and  long  experience  in  the  wars 
when  he  went  to  Virginia,  and  was  pre- 
sumably thought  to  be  better  qualified 
for  the  positit)n  to  which  lie  was  elected 
than  any  other  one  of  the  colonists 
(see  XLIX.  for  his  defense  of  his 
services  in  Virginia);  but  in  the  midst 
of  the  terrible  misfortunes  which  as- 
sailed the  colonists,  the  serious  charges 
were  brought  against  him  by  his  oppo- 
nents: that  he  was  a  Catholic,  that  he 
did  not  bring  a  Bible  with  him,  that  he 
conspired  with  the  Spaniards  to  destroy 
Virginia,  etc.  He  was  of  a  Catholic 
family  —  Cardinal  Pole  and  Queen 
Mary  were  sjjonsors  for  his  father  — 
and  such  charges  brought  against  him 
under  sucli  circumstances  necessarily 
destroyed  every  prospect  of  his  useful- 
ness in  a  colony  being  established  espe- 
cially in  the  interests  of  Protestantism, 
directly  antagonistic  to  Romanism. 

During  his  absence  in  Virginia,  in 
1608,  a  relative  named  an  infant  son 
for  him,  which  Edward-Maria  was 
knighted  ;  died  in  1670,  and  was 
buried  at  Richmond  in  Surrey. 

Mr.  Richard  and  Sir  Robert  AVing- 
field  also  had  interests  in  Virginia 
soon  after  1616,  and  possibly  before 
that  date. 

Winne  ("Wynne),  Edmund,  mer- 
chant-tailor, 2.  Sub.  £37  10s.  ;  jid. 
62  10s.  Son  of  George;  he  patented 
lands  in  Virginia  in  1621. 

Winne  (Gwiun),  Captain  0"wen, 
esquire,  3.  Sub.  £37  10s.;  pd.  £50. 
Son  of  Sir  John  Wynn  (1553-1626), 
the  author  of  the  "  History  of  the 
Gwydyr  Family,"  by  his  wife  Sidney, 
daughter  of  Sir  William  Gerrard.  At 
the  death  of  his  elder  brother.  Sir 
Richard  Wynne,  baronet  of  Gwydyr, 
in  1649,  Captain  Owen  (who,  it  seems, 
had  been  knighted)  succeeded  him  in 
the  baronetcy.  He  married  Grace, 
daughter  of  Hugh  Williams,  and  died 
about  1660. 

Winne   (etc.).  Captain  Peter,  2. 

Sub.   ;    pd.   .     Died  in  A'ir- 

ginia  in  the  spring  of  1609.  Not 
knowing  of  his  death,  and  reposing 
especial  confidence  in  him.  Sir  Tliomas 
Gates,  having  been  wrecked  on  the 
Bermudas,  selected  him  from  the  mem- 
bers of  the  council  in  Virginia  to  be  his 
lieutenant-governor  there,  and  sent  to 
him,  b\'  a  bark  of  Aviso,  a  particular 
commission. 


1056 


WINNE  —  WINWOOD 


"Winne — "Wynne,  Capt.  Thomas, 
2.     Sub. ;  pd.  £25. 

"Winston,  Dr.  Thomas.  Son  of 
Thomas  Wynstoii,  of  Panswick  in 
Com.  Gloucester,  by  bis  wife  Juditb, 
daugbter  of  Roger  Lancaster,  of  Hert- 
fordsbire,  was  born  in  1575  ;  educated 
at  Clare  Hall,  Cambridge  ;  studied 
medicine  at  Aquapeudente,  Padua,  and 
Basil;  professor  of  physic  at  Gresbam 
College  from  1615  to  1642;  was  a 
constant  attendant  on  the  meetings  of 
the  Va.  Co.  of  London  until  October, 
1621;  was  interested  with  Dr.  Bobune 
in  bis  Virginia  plantation  in  1619;  was 
one  of  the  editors  (appointed  Decem- 
ber 15,  1619)  of  "  A  Declaration  of 
the  state  of  the  Colonic  and  Affaires  in 
Virginia,"  etc.,  published  in  1620. 
William  Capps,  of  Virginia,  corre- 
sponded with  him;  was  "Doctor  iu 
Pbisick  to  our  Dread  Soveraigne  Lord 
King  Cbarles."  He  went  abroad  in 
1642,  and  stayed  about  ten  years  in 
France;  died  October  24,  1655.  His 
"  Anatomy  Lectures  at  Gresbam  Col- 
lege, London,"  were  published  in  1659. 

Winter,  Captain  Edvv^ard.  Son 
of  Admiral  Sir  William  Winter;  with 
the  Drake  expedition  to  America, 
1585-86;  M.  P.  for  Newport,  1586-87; 
served  as  captain  of  a  ship  against  the 
Armada,  1588;  M.  P.  Gloucestershire, 
1588-89;  knighted  in  1595;  M.  P. 
Gloucestershire,  1601 ;  was  still  living 
in  January,  1608.  He  married  a  sister 
of  Henry,  first  Marquis  of  Worcester, 
whose  eldest  son  became  famous  for 
the  part  which  he  took  towards  discov- 
ering the  steam-engine.  Two  of  Capt. 
Edward  Winter's  sons,  Frederick  and 
Edward,  came  to  Maryland  in  1633. 

Winter,  Master  Nicholas.  Son  of 
Admiral  Sir  William  Winter. 

"Winter,  Captain  "William.  Com- 
manded the  English  fleet  in  tlie  north, 
on  the  coast  of  Scotland ;  partner  in 
the  Hawkins  voyage,  1562-63  ;  in 
charge  of  the  ships  at  sea  before  New 
Haven  (Havre)  in  August,  1563;  in- 
terested iu  the  Hawkins  voyage, 
1564-65;  sent  with  Sir  Thomas  Smith 
to  demand  of  the  King  of  France  the 
restitution  of  Calais  in  1567;  inter- 
ested in  the  Hawkins  voyage  of 
1567-69,  and  the  subsequent  events; 
conducted  a  great  treasure  of  the 
Genoan  merchants  safely  into  the 
Netherlands    iu    1569 ;    knighted    in 


1573.  Richard  Eden  dedicated  "  A 
very  necessarie  and  profitable  Booke 
concerning  Navigation  "  to  "  Sir  Wm. 
Wynter,  Master  of  the  Ordnance,"  in 

1574.  On  November  4, 1575,  bis  wife, 
the  Lady  Mary  Winter,  died  at  his 
house  in  Seething  Lane,  London,  and 
was  buried  at  Lidney  in  the  Forest  of 
Dean,  Gloucestershire.  With  Robert 
Beale,  clerk  of  the  council,  he  was  em- 
ployed into  Zealand,  to  demand  the 
restitution  of  English  ships  in  1576. 
"  A  booke  called  the  '  Treasure  for 
Travellers,' "  was  dedicated  to  "  Sir 
William  Winter,  Master  of  the  Queues 
Maiesties  Ordinance  by  Sea,  Survaior 
of  her  highnesses  marine  causes,"  in 
1578  ;  commanded  the  ships  before 
Fort-del-Ore  in  1580;  vice-admiral  of 
England;  distinguished  himself  in  the 
fight  with  the  Armada  in  1588;  founded 
the  navy  office  in  Seething  Lane.  The 
date  of  his  death  is  not  known  to  me. 
The  names  of  three  of  his  sons  will  be 
found  in  this  work,  Edward,  Nicholas, 
and  William.  A  great-grandson  of 
Vice-admiral  Winter  was  the  cele- 
brated Sir  Edward  Wynter,  who  lived 
at  Yorkhouse,  Battersea,  and  died  there 
in  1686.  His  epitaph  quite  casts  that 
of  Capt.  John  Smith  into  the  shade. 

"Alone  unarm'd  a  tyger  he  oppressed 
And  crush'd  to  deatli  the  monster  of  a  beast. 
Twice  twenty  mounted  Moors  he  overthrew 
Singly  on  foot,  some  wounded,  some  he  slew. 
Dispersed  the  rest  —  what  more  could  Samson 

do?  — 
True  to  his  friends,  a  terror  to  his  foes.  — 
Here  now  iu  peace  his  honor'd  bones  repose." 

■Winter,  Captain  "William,  2.  Sub. 

;  pd.  .     Sen  of  Vice-admiral 

Sir  William  Winter.  He  was  stationed 
at  Portsmouth  in  1609,  and  was  then 
the  oldest  captain  in  the  navy,  and  bad 
served  well  for  many  years. 

"Wiuwood,    Sir   Ralph,  3.      Sub. 

;  pd.  £75.     Born  at    Aynhoe  iu 

Northamptonshire  about  1565  ;  fellow 
Magdalene  College,  Oxford,  1582  ; 
M.  A.  June,  1587  ;  bachelor  of  civil 
law,  1590,  and  proctor  in  1592.  He 
was  secretary  to  Sir  Henry  Neville, 
ambassador  to  France,  iu  1599  ;  ap- 
pointed by  King  James  as  resident 
counselor  to  the  States  General,  June 
24, 1603;  knighted  at  Riclimond,  June 
28, 1607;  joint-ambassador  to  Holland, 
August,  1607  ;  ambassador  to  the 
Hague  1608  to  1613;  M.  P.  for  Buck- 
ingham,   1614  ;  made   a  secretary  of 


WIRRALL  —  WOLSTENHOLME 


1057 


state  in  Marcb,  1614  ;  member  S.  I. 
Co.,  June  29,  1615.  He  was  bitterly 
opposed  to  Spain,  and  is  said  to  liave 
urged  Ralegh,  on  his  voyage  to  Guiana 
iu  1617,  "to  break  the  peace  at  all 
hazards,  and  to  fall  upon  the  Mexico 
fleet  as  the  best  means  of  bringing 
James  I.  to  a  rupture  with  Spain;" 
but  he  died  before  Ralegh's  return,  at 
his  house  in  the  Great  Bartholomew's, 
London,  October  27  or  28,  1617,  and 
was  buried  in  the  church  of  St.  Bar- 
tholomew the  Less. 

"Wirrall,  Sir  Hugh,  2.     Sub. ; 

pd.  £25.  Knighted  at  Whitehall,  July 
L3,  1603.  He  settled  a  plantation  iu 
Ireland  called  "  Mouaghan." 

Withers,  John,  esquire,  3.     Sub. 

;  pd. .    Of  Manydown,  Hants, 

who  married  Joane,  daughter  of  John 
Love,  Esq.,  of  Basing.  He  died  in 
1620,  and  was  buried  at  Wotton  June 
2,  in  that  year.  George  Wither,  the 
celebrated  poet,  was  the  son  of  his  half- 
brother  George.  Anthony  Withers, 
Esq.  (baptized  July  19,  1585),  the  son 
of  John  Withers  (aforesaid),  was  ad- 
mitted into  the  Va.  Co.  of  London, 
July  24,  1621,  and  became  a  very 
active  member. 

Wodenoth,  Arthur.  Author  of 
"  A  Short  Collection  of  the  most  Re- 
markable Passages  from  the  Originall 
to  the  dissolution  of  the  Virginia  Com- 
pany. London  Printed  by  Richard 
Cotes  for  Edward  Husband,  at  the 
Golden  Dragon  in  Fleet  Street,  1651." 
He  was  not  a  member  of  the  Va.  Co. 
of  London  until  some  time  after  1612. 
He  was  a  goldsmith  in  Foster  Lane, 
London ;  was  related  to  Nicholas 
Ferrar,  through  Ferrar's  mother  (who 
was  Mary  Wodenoth),  and,  like  Ferrar, 
he  was  a  constant  friend  to  the  poet, 
George  Herbert,  whose  eyes  he  closed 
at  death,  and  whose  executor  he  was. 
He  was  deputy  governor  of  the  S.  I.  Co. 
in  1614;  but  was  dead  at  the  time  of 
the  publication  of  his  aforesaid  tract 
in  1651. 

Wollaston.     See  Willeston. 

Wolley,    Sir   Francis,    2.       Sub. 

;  pd. .     Knighted  at  Chai-ter- 

house.  May  11,  1603,  as  of  Lincoln- 
shire ;  "  clerk  of  the  pipe  of  the  ex- 
chequer ;  "  died  about  1610,  and  was 
buried  in  St.  Paul's,  Faringdon  Ward 
Within,  London.  He  was  probably  the 
M.  P.  for  Haslemere  in  1601. 


"Wolstenholme,   Henry,  gent.,  3. 

Sub. ;  pd. .     Son  of  Sir  John 

(whom  see)  ;  of  N.  W.  P.  Co.  ;  died 
in  the  wars  in  the  Palatinate  while 
serving  under  Sir  Horatio  Vere. 

Wolstenholme,  John,  esquire,  3. 

Sub. ;  pd. .     Son  of  Sir  John 

(whom  see);  of  N.  W.  P.  Co.  also  ; 
M.  P.  for  West  Looe,  1625  and  1626  ; 
knighted  in  1633  ;  created  a  baronet 
1665  ;  died  September  12,  1669,  and 
was  buried  at  Stanmore  ;  suffered 
great  losses  on  account  of  his  lo3alty 
to  the  king  in  the  civil  wars  ;  married 
Dorothy,  youngest  daughter  of  Hor- 
ace Lord  Vere,  but  died  childless. 

Wolstenholme,  John,  merchant, 
2.  Sub.  £75;  pd.  £137  10s.  His  fa- 
ther, John  Wolstenholme,  younger  son 
of  an  ancient  Derbyshire  family,  came 
to  London  in  the  time  of  Edward  VI., 
and  obtained  an  office  iu  the  custom- 
house. He  died  at  Stanmore,  iu 
Middlesex,  where  he  lies  buried,  leav- 
ing by  his  wife,  whose  maiden  name 
was  Larkin,  a  daughter  and  three  sons: 
Henry,  who  died  unmarried  ;  John,  of 
whom  I  write;  and  Thomas  who  died 
a  commander  in  Muscovy. 

The  second  son,  Sir  John  Wolsten- 
home,  knighted  by  James  I.,  was  a 
farmer  of  the  customs,  and,  acquiring 
great  wealth,  purchased  Nostell  Ab- 
bey in  Yorkshire.  Born  about  1562; 
one  of  the  incorporators  of  the  E.  I. 
Co.  in  December,  1600  ;  one  of  the 
farmers  of  the  customs  in  February, 
1608  ;  M.  C.  for  Va.  Co.,  1609  ;  one 
of  those  who  sent  Henry  Hudson  to 
the  Northwest  in  April,  1610,  when 
Hudson  named  Cape  Wolstenholme 
for  him  ;  one  of  the  incorporators  of 
the  N.  W.  P.  Co.,  July  26,  1612,  and 
one  of  its  first  directors.  One  of  those 
who  purchased  the  Bermudas  Islands 
from  the  Va.  Co.,  November  25, 1612. 
Sir  Thomas  Smythe  and  himself  em- 
ployed and  paid  the  celebrated  Ed- 
ward Wright  to  deliver  courses  of 
lectures  to  mariners  and  others.  The 
purchasers  of  the  Bermudas  resigned 
the  island  to  the  crown,  November  23, 
1614. 

One  of  those  who  sent  Bileth  and 
Baffin  to  the  Northwest  Passage  in 
1615,  in  which  voyage  Wolstenholme's 
Sound  was  named  for  him.  He  had 
previously  aided  in  sending  three  voy- 
ages to  tlie  Northwest,  namely,  Hud- 


1058 


WOLSTENHOLME  —  WOOD 


son  (1610),  Button  (1612),  and  Gib- 
bons, and  he  again  aided  in  sending 
Biletli  and  Baffin  in  1616. 

He  was  a  member  of  the  S.  I.  Co., 
June  29,  1615 ;  advancing  the  Vir- 
ginia enterprise  constantly  ;  knighted 
at  Whitehall,  March  12,"^  1617.  His 
faith  was  strong  in  a  Northwest  pas- 
sage, and  he  was  ever  ready  to  try, 
try  again.  January  20, 1618,  he  urged 
the  E.  I.  Co.  to  aid  in  another  at- 
tempt, and  said  that  he  himself  in- 
tended "a  good  round  adventure  in 
his  own  particular." 

I  have  some  reason  for  thinking  that 
he  was  related  to  Rev.  John  Robinson. 
The  English  dissenters  at  Leyden  had 
been  in  correspondence  with  him  in 
regard  to  their  removal  to  Virginia 
prior  to  1618,  and  a  few  of  their  let- 
ters, written  in  January  and  Februarj-, 
1618,  on  that  subject,  have  been  pre- 
served. On  the  28th  of  April,  1619, 
he  was  one  of  the  candidates  for  the 
treasurership  of  the  Va.  Co.  of  Lon- 
don ;  but  was  defeated  by  Sir  Edwin 
Sandys.  In  1619  he  was  one  of  the 
committee  of  the  Va.  Co.  on  the  pro- 
posed college  in  Virginia. 

He  was  a  leading  director  of  the  E. 
I.  Co.  In  December,  1619,  "he  was 
by  the  king's  command  committed  for 
a  time  to  his  house,  for  muttering 
against  a  patent  and  newly  erected  of- 
fice in  the  custom  house."  We  find  him 
constantly  interested  in  the  Virginia 
affairs.  May  22,  1622,  he  was  one  of 
those  recommended  by  the  king  to  the 
Va.  Co.  as  a  most  statable  person  to  be 
treasurer  of  that  company.  He  was 
a  member  of  the  commission  for  wind- 
ing up  the  Va.  Co.,  appointed  July  15, 
1624,  and  remained  for  years  after  a 
member  of  his  Majesty's  Council  for 
Virginia,  taking  special  interest  in  the 
college,  etc.  On  the  6th  of  April, 
1627,  "The  Planters  and  Adventurers 
of  Virginia  and  the  Company  of  So- 
mer  Islands,"  held  a  meeting  at  his 
house  regarding  tobacco,  etc.  June 
27,  1631,  one  of  commissioners  ap- 
pointed for  advising  upon  some  course 
for  the  better  plantation  of  Virginia. 
He  still  retained  his  interest  in  the 
Northwest  Passage,  and  in  1631  he 
aided  in  sending  out  the  celebrated 
Luke  Fox,  afterwards  known  as  the 
Northwest  Fox.  "  The  present  church 
of  Stanmore  Magna  parish,  near  Lon- 


don (dedicated  to  St.  John),  was  built 
at  the  sole  expence  of  Sir  John  Wol- 
stenholme,  knight,  on  a  piece  of 
ground  given  by  Mrs.  Barbara  Bur- 
nell.  Sir  Thomas  Lake,  and  Mr.  Rob- 
inson. It  was  consecrated  by  Bishop 
Laud  on  the  16th  of  July,  1632.  The 
building  is  of  brick,  and  consists  of  a 
nave  and  chancel.  At  the  west  end  is 
an  embattled  tower,  almost  overgrown 
with  ivy.  The  porch  was  designed  by 
Nicholas  Stone."  (There  was  probably 
some  connection  between  the  Mr.  Rob- 
inson, who  contributed  towards  buy- 
ing the  piece  of  ground  for  this  church 
to  be  built  upon,  and  Mrs  Mary  Rob- 
inson (whom  see).) 

In  August,  1633,  one  of  the  Virginia 
commissioners  who  favored  the  re- 
newal of  the  ancient  charter  to  the  old 
Va.  Co.;  one  of  those  who,  "at  great 
charge,"  aided  Capt.  Will.  Claybourne, 
m  1631,  "  in  settling  an  island,  by  them 
named  the  Isle  of  Kent,  within  Chesa- 
peake Bay,"  which,  in  1633,  was  com- 
prehended in  Lord  Baltimore's  patent, 
and  in  November,  1633,  he  joined  the 
other  planters  in  a  petition  to  the 
Privy  Council,  praying  that  they  may 
enjoy  that  island,  and  that  Lord 
Baltimore  may  settle  in  some  other 
place." 

In  1634  he  was  one  of  the  tobacco 
commissioners.  May  25,  1635,  Capt. 
Sam.  Matthews  wrote  to  him  from 
Newport  News  regarding  aifairs  in 
Virginia.  He  evidently  always  had 
correspondents  in  Virginia,  and  sev- 
eral of  their  letters  to  him  are  still 
preserved.  One  of  the  commissioners 
for  the  Caribbee  Islands  in  1637. 

He  died,  aged  77,  on  November  25, 
1639,  and  was  buried  in  Stanmore 
Magna  Church,  where  there  is  a  hand- 
some monument  to  his  memory,  by 
Nicholas  Stone,  which  cost  £200. 

He  married  Catherine  Fanshaw, 
and  had  issue  by  her  two  sons.  Sir 
John  and  Henry,  and  two  daughters, 
Joan  (who  married  Sir  Robei't  Knol- 
lys,  first  cousin  to  Thomas  West,  Lord 
De  la  Warr)  and  Catherine  (who  mar- 
ried William  Fanshaw,  nephew  of  Sir 
Thomas  Smythe). 

"Wood,  Captain  Benjamin.  Went 
to  Roanoke  in  1584  ;  captain  and  in 
the  West  Indies,  1593,  1594-95;  per- 
ished in  liis  voyage  to  the  East  Indies 
in  1596. 


WOOD  —  WOODLIFFE 


1059 


Wood,   Thomas,  2,      Sub.  ; 

pd.  ij'Id.  (Jiiiic  13,  1G21,  the  council 
of  the  Virginia  Company  granted  "  to 
Ambrose  Wood,  as  heir  to  his  brother, 
Thomas  Wood,  deceased,  4  shares  in 
Virginia,  and  one  share  more  for  the 
adventure  of  his  person  —  total,  5 
shares.") 

Woodall,  John,  2.  Sub.  £37  10s. ; 
pd.  .  Also  of  E.  I.  and  S.  I.  com- 
panies ;  son  of  Richard  Woodall,  of 
Warwick,  by  his  wife  Mary,  daughter 
of  Peirse  Ithell,  of  North  Wales  ; 
born  about  15oG;  .surgeon  in  the  army, 
and,  in  1G12,  appointed  surgeon  to  St. 
Bartholomew's  Hospital  ;  published 
"  The  Chirurgion's  Mate,  etc.,  Lon- 
don," IGlli  or  1617.  the  first  edition; 
general  surgeon  for  the  E.  I.  Co.  The 
auditors  of  the  Va.  Co.,  in  their 
printed  report,  do  not  give  him  credit 
for  having  paid  his  adventure,  and 
July  18,  1&20,  "  report  was  made 
unto  the  Courte  that  Mr.  Woodall 
had  scandalized  that  book  .  .  .  and 
that  he  had  caste  a  foule  aspercon 
uppon  Sir  Edwin  Sandys  ;"  for  which 
he  was  suspended  from  the  couit, 
until  the  charges  should  be  examined 
into.  He  was  friendly  to  Sir  Thomas 
Smith,  and  the  Sandys  party  sjjeak 
of  him  as  "  surgeon  to  Sir  Thomas 
Smith."  He  was  early  interested  in 
sending  cattle  to  Virginia,  milk  being 
considered  an  essential  in  the  colony. 
October  20,  1G23,  he  voted  to  sur- 
render the  Virginia  charters  to  the 
crown.  He  published  in  1628  "  Viat- 
icum being  the  pathway  to  the  sur- 
geon's chest." 

June  24,  1636,  the  Privy  Council  of 
England  wi'ote  to  tlie  governor  and 
council  of  Virginia,  inclosing  a  peti- 
tion of  John  Woodall,  "  who,"  they 
write,  "deserves  encouragement  for 
his  chargeable  and  constant  adven- 
tures in  that  plantation.  Direct 
them  to  cause  speedy  justice  to  be 
done  against  those  of  the  petitioner's 
servants  who  do  not  give  him  a  just 
account  of  his  goods  and  cattle,  and 
to  put  his  new  agent,  John  Convers,  in 
possession  of  the  petitioner's  estate." 

March  23,  1639,  Governor  Sir  John 
Harvey  and  the  council  of  Virginia 
wrote  from  James  City  to  the  Privy 
Council  of  England  :  "  Have  in  obedi- 
ence to  orders  of  29th  November  last 
restored  the  gnoods  and  cattle  belou":- 


ing  to  the  estate  of  Capt.  Samuel 
Matthews,  to  the  agents  of  John 
Woodall,  of  London,  surgeon.  Cer- 
tify the  true  state  of  the  cause  between 
Woodall,  plaintiff,  and  Matthews,  de- 
fendant." 

"John  Woodall,  Master  in  Chirur- 
gery,"  published  a  second  edition  of 
"The  Surgeon's  Mate,"  etc.,  under 
the  following  title,  "  The  Surgeon's 
Mate,  or  Military  &  Domestique 
Surgery.  Discovering  faithfully  & 
plainly  y'  i.iethod  and  order  of  y'  Sur- 
geon's chest.  .  ,  .  London,  Printed  by 
Rob.  Young  for  Nicholas  Bourne  .  .  . 
MDCXXXIX."  There  is  a  congrat- 
ulatory "Epistle  to  Sir  Christopher 
Clitherow,  knight,  ancient  Alder-Gov- 
ernor of  the  East  Lidia  Company, 
etc.,"  and  a  portrait  of  Woodall  by  G. 
Glover  in  the  engraved  title.  This  is 
the  earliest  book  in  which  lemon-juice 
was  prescribed  in  the  treatment  of 
scurvy.  "  Woodall 's  works,"  says 
Watts,  "are  deservedly  much  es- 
teemed." 

He  was  probably  alive  in  1641  (see 
Argall).  The  name  sometimes  ap- 
pears in  the  records  as  AV^oddall  and 
WaddalL 

Woodhouse.     See  Waterlioiise. 

Woodhouse,  Captain  Henry,  2. 

Sub. ;    pd.  .     (Probably  the 

governor  of  the  Bermudas  Islands, 
1623  to  Januar}',  1627  ;  in  the  expedi- 
tion to  Rd  and  Rochelle,  1627-28  ; 
muster  -  master  of  Suffolk,  England. 
He  said  that  King  Charles  promised 
him  in  1631  the  place  of  governor  of 
Virginia,  and  in  1G34  and  again  in 
1635  he  petitioned  the  king  to  fulfill 
that  promise.  In  a  deed  of  April  15, 
1G40,  he  signed  himself  as  "  of  Vir- 
ginia, planter."  One  of  the  same 
name,  a  Burgess  for  Lower  Norfolk, 
1647-52,  was  of  the  parish  of  Lin- 
haven,  and  made  his  will  in  January, 
1687. ) 

Woodliffe,  John,  gent.,  2.  Sub. 
;  pd.  .  First  went  to  Vir- 
ginia about  1608,  and  remained  there 
eleven  years  ;  interested  with  John 
Smith,  of  Nibley,  in  Berkeley  town 
and  hundred,  and  September  4,  1619, 
the  four  adventurers   agreed  with  hiiu 


1060 


WOODLIFFE  —  WOTTON 


to  be  tlie  first  governor  of  the  pro- 
posed settlement,  and  drew  up  ordi- 
nances, directions,  and  instructions  for 
him  for  said  government.  He  sailed 
with  thirty-eight  planters  in  Edward 
Williams'  ship,  the  Margaret,  of  Bris- 
tol,   from    Kingroad,    September    16, 

1619,  and  landed  "  at  Keeketan "  in 
Virginia  in  a  good  harbor  on  the  30th 
of  November  following.  On  August 
28,  1620,  the  commission  to  Woodliffe 
to  be  governor  or  agent  was  revoked, 
and  a  commission  to  George  Thorpe 
and  William  Tracy  to  be  governors  in 
Virginia  was  executed.  The  follow- 
ing extract  from  a  letter  ("  of  June, 

1620,  about  our  accompts  for  the  Vir- 
ginia ship  then  returned ")  of  John 
Smith  to  Richard  Berkeley  will  prob- 
ably explain  this  revocation  :  "  I  fear 
the  old  Virginian  trick  of  surprise  of 
lettres  (if  not  counterfeiting  also)  is 
cast  upon  us  by  Mr.  Woodleefe."  In 
1626  he  owned  550  acres  by  pattent 
in  "  the  Territory  of  great  Weyon- 
oke." 

Woogan  (or  Wogan),  Dever- 
eaux,  3.  Sub.  £37  10s.  ;  pd.  £50. 
Of  the  E.  I.  Co. 

Wooller,  Edvrard,  merchant-tai- 
lor, 2.     Sub. ;  pd.  £50.     Son  of 

the  next.  November  19,  1617,  sold 
five  shares  in  Virginia  to  Gabriel 
Barber. 

Wooller,  John,  merchant  -  tailor. 
Sub.  £37  10s.  ;  pd.  £25.  By  his  will, 
dated  March  26,  1617,  he  gave  to  the 
Merchant-Taylors'  Company  the  rents 
of  certain  property,  called  the  Cross 
Keys,  in  Thames  Street,  etc.,  to  be 
bestowed  yearly  forever  in  certain 
charities,  including  £4  per  annum  to 
a  poor  scholar  at  St.  John's  College, 
Oxford. 

This  name  is  sometimes  given  in 
the  records,  and  probably  correctly, 
as  Waller. 

"Worcester,  Earl  of.  —  Edward 
Somerset. 

"Worrell.     See  Wirrell. 

Worsley  ("Worley  —  "Worsleep, 
etc.),  Sir  Richard.  He  was  prob- 
ably the  Richard  Worley,  gent.,  who 
went  to  Virginia  in  1607.  The  widow 
of  his  great  uncle  (Richard  Worsley, 
governor  of  the  Isle  of  Wight,  who 
died  April  12,  1565),  was  the  second 
wife  of  Sir  Francis  Walsingham,  and 
the  mother  of  his  children. 


Sir  Richard  was  the  son  of  Thomas 
Worsley,  Esq.,  of  Appuldercombe, 
"  who  was  brought  up  under  Walsing- 
ham ; "  born  about  1586  ;  knighted  at 
Whitehall,  February  8,  and  created  a 
baronet,  June  29, 1611 ;  patented  lands 
in  Virginia,  which  patent  was  "  re- 
newed November  3,  1620  ; "  died 
June  27,  1621  ;  married  Frances, 
daughter  of  Sir  Henry  Neville  of 
Billingbere,  and  grandniece  of  Sir 
Thomas  Smythe. 

Sir  Bowyer  Worsley,  who  was  inter- 
ested in  Plowden's  patent  of  New 
Albion  at  a  later  date,  also  patented 
lands  in  Virginia  in  1620  or  before. 

"Wortley,  Francis,  esquire,  3.   Sub. 

£37   10s.  ;    pd.  .      Of    Wortley, 

County  York  ;  knighted  January  15, 
and  created  a  baronet,  June  29,  1611  ; 
M.  P.  for  East  Retford,  1624,  1625, 
1626,  and  1628-29.  Burke  says,  "  At 
the  outbreak  of  the  civil  wars  Sir 
Francis,  whose  devotion  to  the  royal 
cause  shone  conspicuous  among  the 
most  faithful  of  the  cavaliers,  fortified 
his  house  at  Wortley,  and  raised  a 
troop  of  horse,  with  which  he  main- 
tained a  guerilla  warfare,  extremely 
harassing  to  his  opponents.  In  1644 
he  was  taken  prisoner  at  Walton 
House,  near  Wakefield,  his  estate 
sequestered,  and  he  himself  sent  to 
the  Tower,  where  he  remained  in  cap- 
tivity for  many  years,  solacing  the 
hours  of  his  long  confinement  by  liter- 
ary occupations  to  which  he  was  much 
attached.  He  wrote  several  small 
tracts  principally  connected  with  the 
occurrences  and  controversies  of  the 
times,  and  one  larger  work  to  prove 
that  episcopacy  is  pure  divine."  He 
died  before  1660.  His  great  grand- 
son, Edward  Wortley  Montague,  mar- 
ried the  Lady  Mary  Pierrepont,  the 
celebrated  Lady  Mary  Wortlej'  Mon- 
tague. 

"Wotton,    Sir    Henry,    3.      Sub. 

;    pd.  .      Born     at    Bocton 

Hall,  Kent,  April  9,  1568  ;  entered 
Oxford  University,  1584;  M.  A.,  1588; 
traveled  on  the  continent  about  1589- 
98  (?)  ;  agaiu  went  abroad,  1601; 
knighted  in  1603  ;  M.  P.  Appleby, 
1614.  The  English  commissioners  to 
treat  with  the  Hollanders  concerning 
dift'erences  in  E.  I.  and  the  fisheries 
of  Greenland  in  1614-15  were  Sir 
Henry    Wotton,    Clement    Edmondes 


EDWARD  ZOUCHE 
Eleventh  Baron   Zouchc 


WOTTON  —  WRIOTHESLET 


1061 


(translator  of  Caesar's  commentaries), 
Robert  Middleton,  and  Maurice  Ab- 
bott; the  celebrated  Hugo  Grotius  was 
one  of  the  Dutch  commissioners.  Pro- 
vost of  Eton,  1G25  ;  died  there  in  De- 
cember, 1639. 

"  He  was  sent  thrice  ambassador  to 
Venice,  once  to  the  States  General, 
twice  to  the  Court  of  Savoy,  and  upon 
several  other  equally  important  dip- 
lomatic missions."  (See  his  Life  by 
Izaak   Walton.) 

Wotton,    Thomas    Lord    (second 

baron).     Sub.  ;    pd.  .      Son 

of  Edward,  first  Baron  Wotton  (who 
was  the  half-brother  of  Sir  Henry 
Wotton).  He  succeeded  his  father 
about  1604,  and  died  April  2,  1630, 
aged  forty-two.  He  became  a  Roman 
Catholic. 

"Wright,  Edward,  mathematican. 
He  was  in  Drake's  celebrated  voyage 
to  our  coasts  (1585-86)  as  "  Capt. 
Edward  Careless  alias  Wright  ; "  in 
the  Earl  of  Cumberland's  voyage  to 
the  Azores  (1589)  as  "Capt.  Edward 
Wright  ; "  developed  the  Mercator 
idea  of  projection  for  charts  or  maps 
in  1590 ;  formed  tables  of  meridional 
parts,  1597  ;  map  in  Hakluyt's  works, 
1598-1000;  "The  Haven  finding  Art," 
etc.,  and  "Certaine  Errors  in  Js'aviga- 
tion,  etc.,  1599."  He  became  tutor  to 
Henry,  Prince  of  Whales,  in  mathemat- 
ics and  cosmography,  and  keeper  of 
his  library  (the  wages  of  the  latter 
office  were  £30  per  annum).  He  was 
a  member  of  the  N.  W.  P.  Co.  in 
1612  ;  "  The  Description  and  Use  of 
the  Sphsere,  etc.,  1613;"  "A  short 
Treatise  of  Dialling,  etc.,  1614." 
March  14,  1614,  from  court  minutes 
of  the  E.  I.  Co.  :  "  Mr.  W^right,  the 
mathematician,  who  has  gathered 
great  knowledge  in  the  Universities, 
and  effected  many  worthy  works  in 
rectifying  errors  formerly  smothered  ; 
resolved  that  for  his  courses  of  lec- 
tures hitherto  paid  for  by  Sir  Thomas 
Smythe  and  ^Ir.  W^olstenholme,  the 
company  will  allow  him  £50  per  an- 
num ;  he  to  examine  their  journals 
and  mariners  and  perfect  their  plotts  " 
(maps,  etc.).  Died  in  London  in 
1615;  translated  Napier's  "Descrip- 
tion of  the  Admirable  Table  of  Log- 
arithmes,"  which  was  published  by  his 
son,  Samuel  Wright,  in  1616. 

Wright,    John,    mercer,     2.     Sub. 


;  pd.  £25.  Apprenticed  to  Ed- 
ward Barnes;  admitted  in  1604  (from 
Mercers'  Records)  ;  also  of  E.  1.  Co. 

Wright,  John,  stationer.  As  a 
bearing  on  the  discussion  about  "  The 
Tempest,"  the  following  reference  to 
Wright  is  interesting:  "  Shake-speares 
Sonnets  never  before  Imprinted.  At 
London  by  G.  Eld  for  T.  T.  and  are 
to  be  solde  by  John  W^right,  dwelling 
at  Christ  Church  gate.  1609."  Dedi- 
cated by  Thomas  Thorpe,  the  stationer 
to  Mr.  W^  H.  (Mr.  IFilliam  i/ack- 
w^ell  or  Hakewill,  "  of  the  Right  wor- 
shipfuU  Fraternitie  of  Sirenicall  gen- 
tlemen, that  meete  the  first  Friday  of 
every  moneth,  at  the  signe  of  the  Mere- 
maid  in  Bread-street,  in  London  "  ?) 
Thus  it  will  be  seen  that  R.  Rich's  ac- 
count of  the  tempest  and  wreck  at  the 
"  Bermoothawes  "  (CXXXVIII.)  and 
Shakespeare's  Sonnets  were  sold  by 
the  same  bookseller.  Nathaniel  But- 
ter, John  Harrison,  W^.  Jaggard,  and 
Matthew  Law  also  were  interested  in 
the  publication  of  several  of  Slrnke- 
speare's  plays  dui'ing  1606—16. 

Wriothesley,  James  Lord.  Eld- 
est son  of  the  next ;  was  M.  P.  for  Cal- 
lington,  1621-22,  and  for  Winchester, 
16:^4—25.  He  died, .«.  p.,  in  the  Nether- 
lands, and  before  his  father  in  1624. 

Wriothesley,  Henry,  2.  Sub. 
;  pd.  £350.  Third  Earl  of  South- 
ampton, "  The  Friend  of  Shake- 
speare." 

Pedigree  :  Henry  ^,  second  Earl  of 
Southampton  (son  of  Thomas  ^,  first 
earl,  who  was  lord  chancellor  to 
Henry  VIIL),  was  a  friend  of  Thomas 
Howard,  Duke  of  Norfolk,  and  in- 
volved himself  in  trouble  by  promot- 
ing the  contemplated  marriage  of  that 
nobleman  with  Mary  Queen  of  Scots, 
"  to  whom  and  her  religion  (says  Dug- 
dale)  he  stood  not  a  little  affected." 
He  married  Mary,  daughter  of  An- 
thony Browne,  Viscount  Montagu  (she 
married,  secondly,  Capt.  Edward- 
Maria  ^\'ingfiek^s  cousin,  William 
Hervey),  and  had  issue,  among  oth- 
ers, — 

Henry  ^  of  whom  I  write,  and 
MaryS,  who  married  Thomas,  Lord 
Arundell  of  Wardour  (whom  see). 

Henry  ^,  the  second,  but  only  surviv- 
ing son  of  the  second  earl,  was  born 
October  6,  1573,  and  succeeded  at  the 
death  of  his  father  iu  1581,  as  third 


1062 


WRIOTHESLEY 


Earl  of  Southampton;  admitted  to  St. 
John's  College  iu  Cambridge,  Decem- 
ber 11, 1585  ;  "spent  his  time  at  Cam- 
bridge in  the  study  of  good  letters,  and 
afterwards  confirmed  that  study  with 
travel  and  foreign  observation."  In 
1589  he  took  the  degree  of  bachelor  of 
arts  (Cambridge),  "  and  seems  to  have 
left  tlie  university  iu  that  year,  to  pro- 
ceed on  his  travels."  In  1593  Shake- 
speare dedicated  "  Venus  and  Adonis  " 
"  to  Henry  Wi-iottesley,  Earl  of  South- 
ampton," and,  in  1594,  the  same  author 
dedicated  the  '•  Rape  of  Lucrece  "  "  to 
the  Earl  of  Southampton  " 

In  1596  with  Essex  at  Cadiz ;  1597, 
commanded  the  Garland  on  the  island 
voyage,  and  knighted  for  gallantry  by 
Essex;  1598,  married  a  first  couain  of 
the  Earl  of  Essex,  without  obtaining 
the  queen's  permission,  and  is  attainted; 
1599,  went  to  Ireland  with  Essex,  who 
made  him  general  of  the  horse,  "  clean 
contrary"  to  the  queen's  instructions; 
in  ICOO,  in  the  Netherlands;  February 
8,  1601,  took  part  in  the  Essex  rebel- 
lion ;  February  19,  1601,  tried  and 
found  guilty ;  his  execution  was  stayed, 
but  he  remained  a  close  prisoner  in  the 
Tower  till  the  queen  died.  In  1602, 
while  in  prison,  he  aided  in  sending 
Gosnold  to  America.  Rev.  P.  Peckard, 
in  his  "  Memoirs  of  Nicholas  Ferrar," 
says,  "  the  Earl  of  Southampton  had 
been  converted  from  Popery  by  Sir 
Edwyn  Sandys." 

April  10,  1603,  he  was  discharged 
out  of  the  Tower  by  a  warrant  from 
the  king,  sent  post-haste  from  Scot- 
land, April  1 ;  May  16,  grant  of  pardon 
and  restitution;  restored  to  his  honors; 
July  2,  Knight  of  the  Garter;  July  7, 
Governor  of  the  Isle  of  Wight  for 
life;  July  21, recreated  Earl  of  South- 
ampton, and  afterwards  granted  many 
pensions,  favors,  etc.  On  July  2, 1603, 
he  had  a  noted  quarrel  with  Lord 
Grey,  of  Wilton,  a  professed  enemy  of 
Essex,  and  Strickland  says,  "  It  is  ex- 
tremely probable  that  this  quarrel  was 
connected  with  tlie  mysterious  plot 
discovered  a  few  days  after,  in  which 
Lord  Grey,  Lord  Cobham,  Sir  Walter 
Raleigh,  and  the  faction  which  had 
brought  Essex  to  the  block,  were 
deeply  implicated."  1604,  "  The  first 
bill  which  was  read  iu  the  first  Parlia- 
ment of  King  James  was  for  his  resti- 
tution in  blood."      1605,  he  aided   in 


sending  Weymouth  to  America;  M.  C. 
for  Va.  Co.,  1609,  admitted  into  the 
E.  I.  Co.  in  1609,  and  promised  to 
present  them  with  a  brace  of  bucks 
annually  at  their  elections ;  April,  1610, 
he  aided  in  sending  out  Henry  Hudson 
to  the  Northwest;  July  26, 1012,  an  in- 
corporator of  the  N.  W.  P.  Co.;  1614, 
he  subscribed  £100  towards  Harley's 
voyage  to  our  present  New  England 
coast,  and  in  the  same  year  served  at 
the  siege  of  Rees  in  the  Duchy  of 
Cleves;  June  29,  1615,  an  incorporator 
of  the  S.  I.  Co.,  and  Southampton 
tribe  in  that  island  was  afterwards 
named  for  him;  1617,  he  attended  the 
king  in  his  long  visit  to  Scotland.  On 
Friday,  April  30,  1619,  he  was  sworn 
of  the  king's  Privy  Council;  June  28, 

1620,  he  was  chosen  treasurer  of  the 
Va.  Co.,  without  opposition,  being 
"  such  a  one  as  might  at  all  times  and 
occasions  have  free  accesse  unto  the 
King;  "  November  3,  1620,  a  member 
of  the  New  England  Council;  May  2, 

1621,  again  chosen  treasurer  of  the 
Va.  Co.,  without  opposition.  "  He 
had  some  quarrelling  with  the  Marquis 
of  Buckingham,"  for  which  he  was 
under  arrest  from  June  16  to  Septem- 
ber 1,  1621 ;  again  chosen  treasurer  of 
the  Va.  Co.,  May  22, 1622  (at  this  elec- 
tion it  had  pleased  the  king  to  suggest 
several  merchants  as  being  better 
suited  to  the  business)  (see  Sir  Thomas 
Smythe) ;  he  continued  treasurer  until 
the  charter  of  the  Va.  Co.  was  declared 
void,  June  16,  1624.  Soon  after  which 
time  "  Mr.  Nicholas  Ferrar,  late  dep- 
uty, delivered  his  copies  of  the  Va. 
Records  to  the  earl,  who,  when  the 
commissioners  applied  for  them,  re- 
plied that  he  would  as  soone  part  with 
the  evidences  of  his  Land  as  with  the 
said  copies;  being  the  evidence  of  his 
honour  in  that  service." 

It  is  curious  to  read  the  charge  that 
James  I.  took  away  the  Va.  charter  in 
tlie  interest  of  Spain,  at  the  instance 
of  Gondomar,  in  1624,  when,  in  fact, 
Gondoniar  left  England  in  1622  ;  the 
king  had  declared  war  against  Spain 
March  10,  1624,  and  the  earl  (then 
governor  of  the  Va.  Co.),  since  early 
in  June,  1624,  had  been,  under  com- 
mission from  James  I.,  actively  en- 
gaged in  enlisting  troops  to  fight 
against  Spain.  About  August  lie  went 
over  to  the  Netherlands  in  command  of 


WRIOTHESLEY  —  WROTH 


1063 


a  regiment,  where  his  ohlest  son,  James, 
died  at  Rose*idale,  and  he,  soon  after, 
at  Bergen  -  op  -  Zoom  (November  10, 
1624),  while  on  liis  way  to  England 
with  his  son's  body.  Father  and  son 
were  buried  at  Titchfiuhl,  in  Hamp- 
shire, on  December  1:8,  1024. 

Lodge  says,  "  lie  was  a  naan  of  no 
very  unusual  character,  in  whom  sev- 
eral fine  qualities  were  shadowed  by 
some  important  defects.  His  under- 
standing seems  to  have  been  lively  and 
acute;  and  his  acquired  talents,  united 
to  a  competent  erudition,  an  extensive 
and  correct  taste  for  polite  letters,  and 
the  most  highly  finished  manners. 
His  friendships  were  ardent  and  last- 
ing; his  personal  courage  almost  pro- 
verbial; and  his  honor  wholly  unsus- 
pected :  but  his  mind  was  fickle  and 
unsteady  ;  a  violent  temper  engaged 
him  in  frequent  quarrels,  and  iu  enmi- 
ties injurious  to  his  best  interests  ;  and 
he  was  wholly  a  stranger  to  that  wary 
circumspection  which  is  commonly  dig- 
nified by  the  name  of  prudence." 

The  name  of  Smythe's  Hundred 
(first  named  for  Sir  Tiiomas  Smythe) 
was  changed  on  May  17,  1620,  to 
Southampton  Hundred,  being  so  named 
for  the  earl.  It  lay  in  the  lower  part 
of  the  present  Charles  City  County,  be- 
tween "  Southampton  alias  Chicka- 
homine  River  "  and  the  James,  and 
contained  100,000  acres  of  land. 
Hampton  River,  near  Fortress  Mon- 
roe, was  originally  named  for  him 
"  Southampton  River." 

He  married  Elizabeth,  daughter  of 
John  Vernon,  Esq.,  by  Elizabeth,  sis- 
ter of  Walter  Devereux,  first  Earl  of 
Essex,  and  had  by  her  thi-ee  daugh- 
ters and  two  sons  :  James,  aforesaid, 
and  Thomas,  his  successor,  that  emi- 
nently loyal  servant  to  Charles  I.,  and 
virtuous  lord  treasurer  to  Charles 
II.,  at  whose  death,  May  10,  1667,  the 
title  became  extinct. 

Colonel  William  Byrd,  the  first  of 
the  name  in  Virginia,  is  said  to  have 
purchased  the  two  volumes  of  Va.  Co. 
Records,  now  iu  the  library  of  Con- 
gress, from  the  executors  of  this  last 
Earl  of  Southampton. 

"Wrote,  Samuel,  esquire.  Son  of 
Robert  Wrote,  of  (junton  in  County 
Suffolk,  esquire,  by  his  wife  Catherine, 
daughter  of  Vincent  Randall  (Ran- 
dolph),   of    London,    gent.     He    was 


"  cosen  Germane  "  to  Lionel  Cranfield, 
Earl  of  Middlesex;  M.  C.  for  Va.  Co. 
Sir  Thomas  Gates  transferred  five 
shares  of  land  in  Virginia  to  him, 
March  2, 1620.  George  Sandys  wrote 
to  him  from  Jamestown,  Virginia, 
March  28,  1623.  He  was  a  leading 
oppt)nent  of  the  Sandys  party,  and  was 
suspended  by  them  from  the  company; 
a  member  of  the  Virginia  Commission 
of  July  15,  1024  ;  appointed  to  the 
royal  council  for  Virginia,  November 
16,  1624;  mentioned  as  a  late  commis- 
sioner for  Virginia,  and  as  still  inter- 
ested in  Virginia  affairs,  1629;  on  the 
special  commission  for  the  better 
plantation  of  Virginia,  June  27,  1631; 
was  still  living  1034.  He  married 
Sarah,  daughter  of  William  Bussel 
(Burrel  ?).  Wrote's  cousin,  Lionel 
Cranfield  (the  "  smooth  versifier  "), 
was  brother  to  Martha  Cranfield  who 
married  Sir  John  Suckling  (member 
of  the  Privy  Council  and  of  the  Va. 
Commission,  of  July,  1624),  and  be- 
came the  mother  of  Sir  John  Suck- 
ling, Jr.,  the  celebrated  poet. 

Wroth  Pedigree.  (Extract.)  Sir 
Thomas  ^  Wroth  (chief  gentleman  of 
the  bedchamber  to  Edward  VI.),  who 
fled  into  Germany  for  conscience'  sake 
in  the  reign  of  Queen  Mary,  married 
Mary,  daughter  of  Richard,  first  Lord 
Rich,  and  great  aunt  of  Robert  Rich, 
second  Earl  of  Warwick,  and  was  the 
father,  among  others,  of  1.  Sir  Rob- 
ert '^  and  2.  Thomas  -  Wroth. 

1.  Sir  Robert  -,  known  as  Sir  Robert 
Wrotli,  the  Elder;  M.  P.  for  Middle- 
sex, from  1572  to  his  death,  January 
27,  1600  ;  married  "  Susan,  daughter 
of  Frauncis  Stonard,  of  Loughton  in 
Essex,  Esquier,"  and  was  the  father, 
among  others,  of  "  John  ^  Wrothe  a 
Captayne,"  and  "Sir  Robert^  Wrothe 
of  Durance." 

2.  Tlionias  ^  Wroth  of  the  Inner 
Tem])lp,  Esq.,  married  Joan,  daughter 
of  Thomas  Bullraan,  of  London,  and 
had  issue,  among  others,  Sir  Thomas 
Wroth. 

Wroth,  John  ^,  esquire.    Sub. ; 

pd.  £87  10s.  Second  son  of  Sir  Rob- 
ert Wroth,  Sr.,  of  Durance  Enfield, 
Middlesex  (see  pedigree)  ;  baptized 
June  11,  1577;  M.  C.  for  Va.  Co.; 
one  of  the  auditors  of  that  company, 
and  a  member  of  the  Warwick  or 
Smythe      party      in      1622-24.        He 


1064 


WROTH  —  WYM  ARK 


strongly  protested  against  the  sending 
of  so  many  people  to  Virginia,  until 
the  colony  was  prepared  to  receive 
them.  In  1623  he  wrote  "  that  in  the 
yeares  1619,  16:^0,  1621  there  was 
3,560  or  3,570  persons  sent  to  Vir- 
ginia, and  Sir  Thomas  Smith  left 
above  700  persons,  which  in  all  make 
4,270  persons;  whereof  the  Remainder 
being  about  1240  about  the  tyme  of 
the  massacre,  it  consequentlie  foUowes, 
that  wee  had  then  lost  3,000  persons 
within  those  three  yeares.  And  in  the 
latter  end  of  the  yeare  1622,  there  were 
sent  near  upon  1000  persons,  whereof 
manie  dyed  by  the  way,  and  it  appear- 
eth  by  some  letters,  that  by  the  sword 
and  sickness,  there  are  perished  above 
500  since  the  massacre.  So  that  by 
this  accompt,  there  cannot  be  above 
1700  persons  now  in  the  Collonie."  He 
had  served  in  the  wars  as  a  captain  ; 
married  "  Mawde  dau.  to  Rich.  Flew- 
ellen  of  Wales  wydow  to  Captayne 
Gregory  Lennad  brother  to  Henry 
Lord  Dacre."     Died  in  1644. 

Wroth,  Sir  Robert  3,  2.  Sub. 
£75  ;  pd.  £50.  "  Of  Durance  in 
Enfilde  and  of  Lowghton  in  Essex." 
Son  of  Sir  Robert  Wroth,  Sr.,  and 
brother  of  John  Wroth,  Esq.,  afore- 
said (see  extract  from  pedigree) ;  M. 
P.  for  Newtown,  Isle  of  Wight,  in 
1601  ;  knighted  at  Sion  House  in 
June,  1603  ;  M.  P.  for  Middlesex, 
1607-11  ;  sheriff  of  Essex,  1613-14  ; 
died  March  14,  1614.  He  married 
Mary,  daughter  of  Robert  Sidney, 
Viscount  Lisle,  etc.  "  Ben  Jonson 
dedicated  to  this  distinguished  woman 
his  admirable  comedy  of  the  Alche- 
mist, and  to  her  husband  an  excellent 
moral  epistle  in  commendation  of  the 
innocence  and  felicity  of  the  country 
life  to  which  Sir  Robert  devoted  him- 
self." "  Their  residence  was  the  re- 
sort and  asylum  of  men  of  letters; 
they  were  the  friends  of  merit,  and 
the  patrons  of  genius  in  distress." 

Wroth,  Sir  Thomas      Sub. ; 

pd. .     Son  of  Thomas  of  the  Inner 

Temple  (see  pedigree). 

He  resided  at  Petherton  Park, 
County  Somerset;  married  Margaret, 
daughter  of  Ricliard  Rich,  of  Lee  in 
Essex,  and  sister  (not  to  the  Earl  of 
Warwick  as  Stith  says,  page  182, 
but)  to  Sir  Nathaniel  Rich.  He  was 
knigiited  at  Theobald's,  November  12, 


1613.  In  1620  he  published  "The 
Destruction  of  Troy,  or,  the  Acts  of 
^neas.  Translated  ovt  of  the  second 
Booke  of  the  -iEneads  of  Virgill,  that 
peereless  Prince  of  Latine  Poets.  .  .  . 
As  also  a  Centurie  of  Epigrams,  and  a 
Motto  upon  the  Creede,  thereunto  an- 
nexed." Dedicated  to  Sir  Robert  Sid- 
ney, Viscount  Lisle,  and  containing  an 
epigram  "  to  his  worthy  friend  Cap- 
taine  [Nathaniel]  Butler." 

He  was  M.  C.  for  New  England, 
November  3,  1620  ;  a  leader  of  the 
Warwick  party  i«  the  Va.  Co.,  1621- 
24  ;  on  the  Virginia  Commission  of 
July  15,  1624;  M.  P.  for  Bridge- 
water,  1628-29.  His  wife.  Dame  Mar- 
garet, died  of  a  fever  October  14, 
1635,  and  he  wrote  an  account  of  her 
life,  sickness,  and  death  to  her  brother 
Sir  Nathaniel  Rich  (whom  see),  the 
greater  part  of  which  is  printed  in 
"  Court  and  Society  from  Elizabeth 
to  Anne  "  (vol.  i.  p.  343).  "  His  sad 
Encomiem  upon  his  Dearest  Consort  " 
was  also  published  in  London,  in  1635. 
M.  P.  for  Bridgewater,  in  Somerset, 
from  1645,  until  the  dissolution  of 
1653  ;  on  January  3,  1648,  he  made 
the  celebrated  motion  "  to  lay  the 
King  by  and  to  settle  the  Kingdom 
without  him."  He  was  appointed  one 
of  the  commissioners  on  trial  of  the 
king,  but  refused  to  sit ;  was  on  the 
commission  of  June  25,  1653,  for  gov- 
erning the  affairs  of  the  Bermudas 
Islands.  A  strong  Parliamentarian 
and  confirmed  Rumper  ;  he  was 
elected  to  the  Cromwellian  Pai-lia- 
ments  of  1656-58  and  1659,  and  to 
the  Convention  of  1660.  He  died, 
s.  p.,  in  1672,  his  will  being  proved 
August  24,  1672. 

Wyche  (see  Wiiiche),  Richard, 
skinner.  Of  the  N.  W.  and  E.  I.  com- 
panies; married  Elizabeth,  daughter  of 
Sir  Richard  Saltingstall,  Lord  Mayor 
of  London,  and  had  by  her  12  sons 
and  six  daughters.  Died  November 
20,  1621,  aged  67,  and  was  buried  in 
St.  Dunstan's  in  the  East.  His  sixth 
son.  Sir  Peter,  was  ambassador  from 
Charles  I.  to  Turkey  for  twelve  years. 

Wymark  (see  Wiinark),  Ned. 
Whom  Thomas  Osborne,  in  his  "  Tra- 
ditional Memoirs  of  King  James," 
page  7,  styles,  "  The  Paul's  Walker, 
and  the  Witty."  In  December,  1618, 
he  got  himself  into  serious  trouble  by 


WYNCHE  — ZOUCH 


1065 


"  wishing  that  Raleigh's  head  was  on 
Secretary  Nauntoii's  shoulders." 

"Wynche.     See  Winch. 

Wynne.     Sue  Winne. 

Yaxley,    Sir     Robert,   3.      Sub. 

;  pd. .     Knighted  at  Dublin 

in  Ireland,  September  8,  lo'JO  ;  M.  P. 
for  Thirsk  in  1(31  i. 

Yeardley  (or  Yardley),  George, 

gent.,  2.     Sub.  ;  pd.   £25.     Son 

of  Raph  Yardley,  citizen  and  mer- 
chant-tailor, of  Bionshaw  Lane,  Lon- 
don, who  married,  first,  May  15, 157.5, 
Agnes  Abbot  ;  she  died  December  18, 
1576,  and  he  married,  secondly,  Rhoda 

.      He    had    four    sons,    Raphe, 

George  (of  whom  I  write),  John,  and 
Thomas,  and  a  daughter,  Amie,  who 
married  Edward  Irby. 

George,  born  (1577-80  ?)  ;  "  a  sol- 
dier truly  bred  in  that  university  of 
Warre,  the  Lowe  Countries  ; "  sailed 
for  Virginia  as  "  Captain  of  Sir  Thomas 
Gates  his  company  "  in  June,  1C09  ; 
wrecked  on  the  Bermudas  ;  arrived  in 
Virginia  in  May,  IGIO  ;  acting  gov- 
ernor from  the  departure  of  Dale  in 
April,  161G,  to  the  arrival  of  Argall, 
May  15,  1617  ;  went  to  England  in 
1618,  where  he  spent  very  near  three 
thousand  pounds  in  furnishing  himself 
for  his  return  to  Virginia  ;  M.  C.  for 
Va.  Co.  ;  chosen  governor  of  Virginia 
for  three  years  on  the  18th  of  Novem- 
ber, 1618  ;  granted  on  the  same  day 
twenty  great  shares  for  transport  of 
twenty-six  persons,  and  was  knighted 
by  the  king  at  Newmarket  six  days 
after  ;  sailed  for  Virginia  in  January, 
and  arrived  April  19,  1619.  Under 
instructions  from  Sir  Thomas  Smith's 
administration  he  convened  the  first 
legislature  in  America,  July  30,  1G19, 
at  Jamestown ;  continued  governor 
three  years,  to  November  18,  1621, 
when  he  was  relieved  by  Sir  Francis 
Wyatt.  He  was  then  a  member  of 
the  council  in  Virginia  until  May, 
1626.  When  Wyatt  wished  to  leave 
Virginia  for  a  time  on  business  in 
1624,  King  James  on  the  18tli  of  Sep- 
tember, 1624,  commissioned  Yeardley 
to  act  as  governor  during  Wyatt's 
absence  ;  but  Wyatt  did  not  leave  at 
tliis  time.  On  the  14th  of  March, 
1626,  Charles  I.  commissioned  Sir 
George  Yeardley  to  be  governor  of 
Virginia  ;  he  entered  inlo  that  office 


in  May,  1626,  and  continued  to  servo 
until  his  death  in  November,  1627. 
(An  abstract  of  his  will  is  given  in  the 
"  N.  E.  Hist,  and  Gen.  Register  "  for 
January,  1884.)  He  married,  about 
1618  (and  took  his  lady  to  England 
with  him  in  that  year).  Miss  Temper- 
ance   ,   who  came  to   Virginia  in 

the  Faulcou  in  1609.  In  January, 
1625,  they  were  living  at  Jamestown 
witli  their  three  children  born  in  Vir- 
ginia, viz.  :  Elizabeth,  aged  six  years, 
1.  ArgalP,  aged  four  years,  and  2. 
Francis,  aged  one  year. 

Sir  George  Yardley  was  a  first 
cousin  to  Richard  Yerwood,  one  of 
the  stepfathers  of  John  Harvard,  the 
founder  of  Harvard  College,  Massa- 
chusetts. [Was  this  the  Richard  Yar- 
wood,  gent.,  of  Southwark,  who  was 
M.  P.  for  Southwark,  1614,  1621- 
22,  1624-25,  1625,  1626,  and  1628- 
29  ?]  He  was  a  prosperous  man, 
and  left  his  children  well  supplied 
with  worldly  goods.  His  descendants 
are  now  scattered  over  the  United 
States.  Of  his  daughter  Elizabeth  I 
know  nothing. 

1.  Argall  ^  married,  about  1640, 
Ann,  daughter  of  John  Custis,  and 
died  in  1655,  leaving,  at  least,  three 
sons  (Argall^,  Henry,  and  Edmond) 
and  two  daughters  (Rose  and  Frances). 
Argall  '^  (with  whom  his  father, 
Argall  ^,  is  nearlj'-  always  confused) 
married,  in  1670,  Sarah,  daughter  of 
John  Machell,  and  died  in  1682,  leav- 
ing five  children,  viz.  :  John,  Argall  ^, 
Elizabeth,  Frances,  and  Sarah. 

2.  Francis  married  Sarah,  widow  of 
Capt.  John  Gookin,  and  before  of  Capt. 
Adam  Tiiorogood,  and  is  said  to  have 
left  no  issue. 

Yeomans,    Simon,  fishmonger,  2. 

Sub.    ;    pd.    £12    10s.      Of    St. 

Botolph,  Billingsgate,  London  ;  mar- 
ried, in  1594,  Marj',  daughter  of  John 
Barkeley,  of  Essex,  gent. 

Yong    (or    Young),    William,  a 

tailor,   2.     Sub.  ;  pd.   £12   10s. 

Came  to  Virginia  in  1607. 

Zouch,  Sir  Edward.  Of  the 
North  Virginia  Company  ;  was  inter- 
ested in  patents  for  making  glass  ; 
a  courtier,  etc.  Strickland,  in  her 
"  Lives  of  the  Queens  of  England," 
says,  "  In  the  midst  of  the  mad  rev- 
elry of  Shrovetide  (February),  1618, 


1066 


ZOUCH 


James  I.  was  taken  ill  with  the  gout 
in  his  knees  ;  some  rantipol  knights  of 
his  bedchamber,  Sir  George  Goring, 
Sir  Edward  Zouch,  and  others  tried  to 
amuse  him  by  acting  some  little  bur- 
lesque plays,  called  '  Tom-a-Bedlam,' 
'  The  Tinker,'  and  '  The  two  Merry 
Milk  Maids.'  But  the  gout  and  the 
cold  weather  pinched  the  king,  and 
nothing  could  put  him  in  a  good 
humor.  He  reproved  his  knights  for 
ribaldry  —  not  without  reason,  called 
their  little  burlesque  plays,  mad  stuff, 
and  was  utterly  unmanageable  by  his 
masculine  attendants." 

Sir  Edward  Zouch  was  granted  the 
office  of  knight  marshal  of  the  house- 
hold for  life,  April  29, 1618;  the  agent 
for  sending  certain  dissolute  persons 
to  Virginia  in  November  and  Decem- 
ber, 1619  ;  a  member  of  the  New 
England  Council  in  1620. 

Zouch,    Edward    Lord,    2.      Sub. 

;  pd.  £60.     Son  of  George,  tenth 

Lord  Zouch,  whom  he  succeeded  in 
1569  as  the  eleventh  Lord  Zouch,  un- 
der which  title  he  was  summoned  to 
Parliament  from  April  2, 1571,  to  May 
17,  1625. 

In  1593  he  was  sent  ambassador  to 
James  VI.,  king  of  Scotland,  with  in- 
structions to  protest  against  the  act 
of  the  council  of  November  26,  which 
was  too  favorable  to  the  Earls  of  Angus, 
Huntley,  and  Errol,  who  were  in  league 
with  Spain;  to  say  that  the  queen  would 
resist  the  landing  of  any  Spanish  or 
other  foreign  forces  in  Scotland  as 
their  purpose  was  only  to  invade  Eng- 
land ;  to  form  a  party  for  the  defense 
of  the  religion  and  of  the  pe^ace  be- 
tween England  and  Scotland.  He  had 
a  conference  with  James  VI.  of  Scot- 
land concerning  Bothwell  and  his  ac- 
complices, February  25  to  March  2, 
1594.  In  1598  he  was  an  ambassador 
to  Denmark,  treating  of  "  merchantile 
affairs,"  etc.  In  1603  James  I.  of 
England  (his  old  friend  James  VI.  of 
Scotland)  appointed  him  to  his  Privy 
Council.  "  April  13,  1603,  commission 
appointing  Edward  Lord  Zouch,  lord 
president  of  the  council  in  Wales  to 
be  the  king's  lieutenant  in  Wales." 
"  May  14,  1603,  he  wrote  to  the  king, 
thanking  him  for  bestowing  on  him  so 
great  a  gift,  before  it  was  asked  for." 
During  the  time  he  was  lord  presi- 
dent of  Wales,  he   had   a   long   and 


bitter  controversy  with  Sir  John  Pop- 
ham,  lord  chief  justice  of  England, 
about  precedency,  etc.,  which  came 
before  the  Privy  Council  in  December, 
1604,  but  was  not  at  that  time  set- 
tled. 

M.  C.  for  Va.  Co.,  1609.  "  July  13, 
1615,  grant  to  him  of  the  office  of 
Lord  Warden  of  the  Cinque  Ports  and 
Constable  of  Dover  Castle  for  life." 
July  20,  1615,  Chamberlain  to  Carle- 
ton:  "  The  Lord  Zouch  hath  his  patent 
signed  and  sealed  for  the  Wardenship 
of  the  Cinque  Ports,  a  place  he  never 
sought  for  nor  pretended." 

July,  1615,  Carew  to  Roe  :  "  The 
Loi'd  Zouche  is  Lord  Warden  of  the 
Cinque  Ports,  which  is  displeasing  to 
the  priests."  "August  9,  1615,  com- 
mission to  Edward  Lord  Zouch,  Lord 
Warden  of  the  Cinque  Ports,  concern- 
ing the  examining  and  licensing  of 
passengers,  with  instructions  touching 
the  same." 

In  December,  1617,  he  adventured 
£100  (62,500)  with  Lord  De  la  Warr 
towards  a  plantation,  etc,  in  Virginia. 
In  1618  he  was  interested  with  John 
Bargrave  in  some  Virginia  enterprise. 
He  sent  his  pinnace,  the  Silver  Falcon 
to  Virginia  in  1619,  and  evidently  took 
a  great  interest  in  the  colony.  He 
was  also  one  of  the  first  members  of 
the  New  England  Council,  November 
3, 1620.  He  died  at  Hackney  in  1625, 
and  was  buried  in  a  small  chapel  ad- 
joining his  house.  "  Ben  Jonson,  who 
was  his  intimate  friend,  discovered 
that  there  was  a  hole  in  the  wall  af- 
fording communication  between  the 
last  resting-place  of  Lord  Zouch  and 
the  wine-cellar,  and  thereupon  vented 
this  impromptu  :  — 

'  Wherever  I  die,  let  this  be  my  fate 
To  lye  by  my  good  Lord  Zouch  — 
Tliat  vviien  I  am  dry,  to  the  tap  1  may  hye, 
And  so  back  again  to  my  couch.' 

"  Lord  Zouch  was  much  interested 
in  experimental  gardening  and  the  sci- 
ence of  botany,  of  which  he  was  so 
great  an  encourager  that  he  cultivated 
a  physic  garden  in  the  parish  of  Hack- 
ney at  his  own  expence,  committing 
the  superintendence  of  it  to  the  cele- 
brated Lobel."  He  brought  many 
shrubs  and  seed  from  abroad.  He 
was  also  a  patron  of  Dr.  John  Ge- 
rarde.  He  married  Sara,  daughter  of 
Sir   James  Harington   of  Exton,   and 


ZOUCHE  — ZUNIGA 


10G7 


widow  of  Francis  Lord  Hastings,  who 
died  in  1596.  After  the  death  of  Lord 
Zouche,  his  widow,  in  16:^6,  became  the 
second  wife  of  Sir  Thomas  Edmondes. 


':z^^/i 


Zouche,  John,  esquire  (see  next). 
Sub. ;  pd.  £'25. 

Zouche,  Sir  John.  Mr.  Xeill,  in 
his  "  Virginia  Yetusta  "  (p.  2,  note), 
says,  "Captain  John  Zouche  and  Sir 
Walter  Raleigh  were  each  in  command 
of  a  company  at  the  siege  in  1580  of 
the  Spanish  Fort  near  Tralee,  in  the 
southwest  part  of  Ireland,  and  in  Au- 
gust, 1581,  Zouche  was  promoted  as 
Governor  of  Munster." 

John  Zouche  of  Codnor,  Derbyshire, 
was  knighted  at  Beaver  Castle,  April 
23,  1603.  His  son,  John  Zouch,  Esq., 
had  joined  the  Virginia  enterprise, 
prior  to  1616  ;  in  1623  he  patented 
lands  in  Virginia.  In  1631  the  father, 
Sir  John  Zouche,  was  one  of  the  "  com- 
mission for  the  better  plantation  of 
Virginia,"  and  in  1634  he  spent  some 
time  in  Virginia,  with  his  son  and 
daughter,  who  were  then  living  there. 
He  is  said  to  have  been  of  the  Puritan 
sect. 


Zuniga  —  Cuniga  —  Quniga.  Don 
Pedro  de  Zuniga,  Marques  de  Villa 
Flores  et  Avila.  He  came  as  ambas- 
sador to  England  in  the  autumn  of 
1605,  succeeding  in  that  office  Juan  de 
Taxis,  Count  of  Villa  Mediana,  who 
sailed  from  Dover,  September  1, 1605, 
with  Sir  William  Monson,  for  Flan- 
ders. The  new  resident  ambassador 
is  said  to  have  found  in  England  seven 
pensioners  of  Spain,  namely  :  Hen- 
ry Howard,  Earl  of  Northampton  ; 
Charles  Blount,  Earl  of  Devonshire  ; 
Thomas  Sackville,  Earl  of  Dorset ;  the 
Lady  Suffolke ;  Robert  Cecil,  Earl  of 
Salisbury  ;  Sir  William  Monson;  and 
Mrs.  Drummond,  the  first  lady  of 
Queen  Anne's  bedchamber. 


"  On  tlie  morning  of  November  5, 
1005,  the  news  of  the  great  deliver- 
ance from  the  Gunpowder  Plot  ran 
like  wildfire  along  the  streets  of  Lon- 
don," and  it  was  necessary  to  take 
prompt  measures  to  protect  Zuniga 
from  the  fury  of  the  people.  He 
seems  to  have  kept  very  close  after- 
wards ;  I  do  not  find  his  name  in  the 
Calendar  of  State  Papers,  1605-10. 
The  celebrated  Italian  jurist,  Alberigo 
Gentilis,  was  advocate  to  the  Spanish 
embassy  from  the  autumn  of  1605  to 
his  death,  June  19,  1608.  Zuniga  was 
succeeded  by  Velasco  about  May, 
1610.  Some  time  after  his  return  to 
Spain  he  was  created  "  Marques  de 
Villa  Flores  et  Avila."  In  1612  he 
was  sent  as  ambassador  extraordinary 
to  James  I.,  with  private  instructions, 
if  he  saw  fair  prospect  of  success,  to 
offer  the  hand  of  Philip  III.  (then  a 
widower)  to  the  Princess  Elizabeth  of 
England  ;  but  "he  found  that  the 
marriage  with  the  Elector  was  irre- 
vocably decided  upon."  He  had  his 
first  audience  with  James  I.  on  July  6, 
1612.  He  was  soon  dismissed  ;  but 
continued  to  linger  in  England,  which 
was  not  much  liked.  On  July  22, 
1612,  Archbishop  Abbot  wrote  to 
James  I.,  "  The  lingering  in  England 
of  the  Spanish  ambassador,  Zuniga,  is 
very  suspicious.  He  has  secretly  dis- 
persed £12,000  or  £13,000  already  in 
England,  and  tampers  by  night  with 
the  Lieger  ambassador  from  France. 
He  was  in  England  at  the  time  of  the 
Powder  treason,  and  God  knows  what 
share  he  had  in  that  business."  (See 
also  Abbot's  letter  of  August  3,  1612, 
in  sketch  of  Velasco.)  George  Cal- 
vert wrote  to  Sir  Thomas  Edmondes 
on  August  1 :  "  Zuniga  is  yet  here,  no 
man  knows  why,  for  he  hath  taken  his 
leave  of  the  king.  But  to  show  that 
he  is  unwelcome,  as  he  was  riding  in 
his  carrosse  with  his  six  mules  over 
Holborn  Bridge  the  other  day,  with 
his  great  lethugador  about  his  neck 
and  coming  upon  his  elbow,  at  the  side 
of  the  carrosse,  comes  a  fellow  by  him 
on  horseback  ;  and  whether  de  guet- 
apens  or  otherwise,  I  cannot  tell,  but  he 
snatches  the  ambassador's  hat  off  his 
head,  which  had  a  rich  jewel  in  it,  and 
rides  away  with  it  up  the  street  as  fast 
as  he  could,  the  people  going  on  and 
laughing   at   it."     Chamberlain   says, 


1068 


ZUNIGA 


"The  ambassador,  observing  a  well- 
dressed  cavalier  approaehiug  his  car- 
riage, pulled  olf  his  hat  out  of  the 
window,  which  was  enriched  with  a 
handsome  band  and  Jewel,  when  the 
fellow  snatched  it  out  of  his  hand  and 
rode  off."  James  I.  instructed  Digby 
to  find  out  the  reasons  for  his  stay  (see 
CCXXVIII.).  He  was  still  in  Eng- 
land in  the  first  part  of  October,  1612, 


when  he  was  complaining  "  of  the 
opening  by  the  custom-house  officers 
of  a  chest  of  his."  He  probably  left 
soon  after. 

Our  histories  do  not  mention  him  ; 
but  it  can  be  safely  said  that  the  Eng- 
lish would  never  have  succeeded  in  es- 
tablishing Protestant  colonies  in  Amer- 
ica, if  the  matter  could  have  been 
controlled  by  Don  Pedro  de  Zuniga. 


ADDITIONAL  MEMBERS   OF  PARLIAMENT. 

I  WISH  to  give  as  complete  a  list  as  possible  of  the  members  of  the  first  Par- 
liament of  James  I.  who  were  interested  in  the  American  enterprise.  I  think 
that  all  of  the  following  were  members  of  the  Va.  Co. ;  most  of  them  certainly 
were.  I  believe  that  I  have  identified  nearly  all  of  those  who  were  of  the 
South  Virginia  Company  ;  but  the  list  is  necessarily  very  deficient  of  the 
Northern  Company.  However,  I  feel  very  sure  that  a  majority  of  the  Par- 
liament of  160Jr-ll  was  interested  in  American  colonization. 


Berkeley,  Richard,  esquire. 
Gloucestershire,  1604-11,  and  1614. 

Bertie,  Perigrine.  Lincolnshire, 
1614. 

Bing  (or  Byng),  William,  esquire. 
New  Romney,  1610-11  ;  \yinchelsea, 
1614  ;  admitted  to  Gray's  Inn  1612; 
Governor  of  Deal  Castle  ;  younger 
brother  of  George  Byng,  of  Wrotham, 
Kent,  and  of  the  same  family  as  the 
present  Viscount  Torringtou. 

Bingley,  John.  Chester,  1610-11, 
and  1614.  Probably  admitted  to  Gray's 
Inn  in  1612 . 

Bowyer,  Robert,  esquire.  Eve- 
sham, 1605-11. 

Carew,  Sir  George.  St.  Germans, 
1601^11  ;  the  lawyer  and  diplomatist 
who  died  in  1612. 

Carey,  Henry.     Sussex,  1609-11. 

Cavendish,  Sir  WiHiam.  East 
Retford,  1614. 

Cecil,  Sir  Edward.  Stamford, 
1609-11. 

Cecil,  ■William,  Lord  Cranborne. 
Weymouth,  1610-11. 

Chute,  Sir  Walter.  East  Retford, 
1614. 

Connock,  Richard,  esquire.  Bod- 
min, 1.593,  Liskeard,  1614;  auditor  of 
the  Duchy  of  Cornwall,  and  friend 
to  Ralegh  ;  will  proved  February  15, 
1620. 

Cranfield,  Lionell.    Hythe,  1614. 


Earle,  Walter.  Poole,  1614, 1621- 
22,  1624-25  ;  Dorset,  1625  ;  Lyme 
Regis,  1626;  Dorset,  1628-29;  Lj^me 
Regis,  April,  1640 ;  Weymouth  and 
Melcombe  Regis,  1640,  until  secluded 
in  1648;  Dorset,  1654-55, 1659 ;  Poole, 
1660. 

Of  Charborough,  Dorsetshire  ; 
knighted  May  4,  1616  ;  bought  five 
shares  of  land  in  Virginia  from  Sir 
Thomas  Gates.  He  was  the  well 
known  Parliamentary  colonel  ;  gov- 
ernor of  Dorchester,  1643,  and  master 
of  the  ordnance;  died  in  1665. 

Fawcett  (or  Forcett),  Edw^ard, 
esquire.     Wells,  1606-11. 

Fearne,  John.  Boroughbridge, 
1604-11. 

Goodere,  Sir  Henry.  West  Looe, 
1604-11. 

Harrington,  Sir  John.  Rutland- 
shire, 1604-11. 

Harris,  John,  esquire.  West  Looe, 
1614. 

Herbert,  Philip.  Glamorganshire, 
1604,  until  peer,  1605. 

Holcroft,  Sir  Thomas.     Cheshire, 

1604,  until  decease,  1010. 

Hollis,  Sir  John.  Nottingham- 
shire, 1604-11,  and  1614. 

Ho'wrard,     Theophilus.      Maiden, 

1605,  until  peer. 


Danvers,  Sir  John, 
town,  1614. 


Montgomery- 


Ingram,    Sir    Arthur. 
1614. 


Romnev, 


1070 


ADDITIONAL  MEMBERS  OF  PARLIAMENT. 


Jermain,  Sir  Thomas.  Suffolk, 
1614. 

Mansell,  Sir  Thomas.  Glamor- 
gan, 1605—11. 

Michell,  Bernard,  gent.  Wey- 
mouth, 1610-11,  1614,  1625,  and  1626. 

Miller  (or  Meller),  Sir  Robert. 
Bridport,  1604-11. 

Monson,  Sir  Thomas.  Castle 
Rising,  1604-11;  Cricklade,  1614. 

Nevill,  Sir  Henry.  Lewes,  1604- 
11. 

Nevill,  Sir  Henry.  Wycombe, 
1614  ;  Wilton,  1621-22  ;  son  of  Sir 
Henry  Nevill,  of  Billingbere,  Berks. 

Paw^lett,  John,  esquire.  Somer- 
set,   1610-11,     1614;    Lyme    Regis, 


1621-22.  He  was  created  Baron  Pou- 
lett,  1627. 

Percy,  Alan,  esquire.  Beverley, 
1604-11. 

Phellips,  Sir  Robert.  East  Looe, 
1604-11. 

Plomer,  Thomas,  gent.  Romney, 
1604^11. 

Rich,  Henry,  esquire.  Leicester, 
1610-11. 

Rich,  Sir  Robert.  Maiden,  1610- 
11. 

Smith  (or  Smythe),  Sir  John. 
Hythe,  1604  until  decease,  1609 ; 
brother  to  Sir  Thomas  Smythe,  the 
first  treasurer  of  the  Va.  Co. 

Stanhope,  Sir  John.  Newton, 
1604,  until  peer,  1605. 


INDEX. 


1  have  indexed  the  liistorical  portion  (pp.  1-805)  closely.  I  have  indicated  all  personal  references 
in  the  brief  biographies  (807-1070),  and  all  places  referred  to  outside  of  England  and  all  subjects 
bearing  on  discovery,  commerce,  and  colonization  ;  but  it  was  not  advisable  to  cumber  the  Index  with 
the  numerous  English  places  named,  or  with  the  various  subjects  having  no  bearing  on  tlie  Genesis 
of  the  United  States. 

I  have  sometimes  found  it  preferable  to  use  the  name  instead  of  the  page  figures  when  referring  to 
the  biographies. 

The  names  of  persons  are  all  indexed  in  alphabetical  order,  as  are  places  and  subjects  generally ; 
but  foreign  localities,  w^lien  not  referred  to  often,  are  given  under  the  city,  country,  etc.,  to  which 
they  belong ;  and  scattered,  unfrequent  subjects  are  collected  together  under  proper  comprehensive 
headings,  which  are  arranged  alphabetically. 

See  Africa ;  America ;  Ancient  names  ;  Asia  ;  Atlantic  Ocean  ;  Bays ;  Bermudas  ;  Brazil ;  Capes ; 
Chili ;  Climate  ;  Commodities ;  Companies  ;  Diseases  of  Virginia ;  Distress  in  Virginia  ;  Doctors  and 
Medical  Treatment ;  East  India  ;  Emigrants  ;  England  ;  Europe  ;  Fauna  ;  Firsts  ;  Fish,  etc.  ;  Flora; 
Florida  ;  Fortifications,  Forts,  etc.  ;  France  ;  French  ;  Houses,  Buildings,  etc.,  in  Virginia;  Lslands  ; 
Lands,  etc.,  in  Virginia  ;  Law,  Government,  etc.  ;  London  ;  Lotteries  ;  Mexico  ;  Minerals ;  Ministers  ; 
Native  Inhabitants  ;  Naval  Affairs  of  England  ;  New  England  ;  Newfoundland  ;  New  France  ;  New 
Spain  ;  North  America ;  Pacific  Ocean  ;  Pedigrees  ;  Peru  ;  Plays  ;  Poetry  ;  Portugal  ;  Protestantism  ; 
Provisions;  Ralegh  or  Roanoke  Colony  ;  Rivers;  Romanism;  Ships;  South  America  ;  Spain;  Span- 
ish ;  State ;  Tempest ;  Trade  ;  United  States  of  HoUand  and  the  Netherlands  ;  Virginia  ;  Voyages ; 
West  Indies,  etc. 

The  heavy  face  figures  refer  to  the  Biographies.     Port.  :=  Portrait. 


Abandonment  of  Virginia,  401,  404-407, 
414, 415,  417,  418,  617,  618,  648,  649, 
680,  681,  802.  See  Capt.  John  Mar- 
tin. 

Abbas  I.  (Shah  of  Persia,  1582-1628), 
985,  1000. 

Abbay,  Thomas,  601,  811. 

Abbot,  Agnes,  1065 ;  George,  archbishop 
of  Canterbury,  translator  of  the  Bible, 
etc.,  541,  542,  576,  606,  676,  679,  686, 
790-795,  811,  812,  845,  851,  863,  878, 
906,  927,  974,  993,  1025,  1037,  1051, 
1067,  Port.,  10 ;  Martha,  1024  ;  Mary, 
879;  Maurice,  the  elder,  811 ;  Maurice 
(or  Morris),  the  younger,  merchant,  di- 
plomatic commissioner,  etc.,  469,  574, 
770,  797,  803,  811,  812,  879,  982,  1024, 
1061 ;  Robert,  bishop  of  Salisbury,  811. 

Abdey,  Anthony,  merchant,  548,  770, 
812 ;  Roger,  812. 

Abergavenny,  Lord.  —  Henry  Neville. 

Abot,  Jeffra,  600,  812. 

Ackland,  Sir  John,  466,  .544,  812. 

Acosta,  Antonio  de,  Portuguese  merchant 
in  London,  6.59. 

Acquaviva,  Rev.  Father  Claude,  Italian 
general  of  the  Jesuits,  700,  812. 

Acuua.     See  Gondomar. 

Adams,  Nicholas,  merchant-tailor,  304  ; 
Nicholas,  vice-admiral  of  Pembroke, 
722  ;  Capt.  Robert,  812 ;  Thomas  the 
elder,  812;  Thomas,  stationer,  292, 
748,  812;  William,  138;    Capt.  , 


329,  488-490,  492,  497,  639,  653,  663, 
689,  812. 
Adelmare.  See  Dr.  Csesar  Adelmare. 
Aderley,  William,  770. 
Adventurers  for  Va.  (Incorporators, 
Planters, Undertakers,  etc  ),  "who con- 
tribute their  money  and  do  not  go  in 
person,"  272  ;  ancestors  of,  founders  of 
first  organized  English  company  for 
discovery,  etc. ,  3 ;  interested  in  the 
Northwest  Passage,  8  ;  Adventurers  in 
Fifth  Parliament  of  Elizabeth,  13;  in 
the  Protestant  wars  of  the  United  States 
of  Holland,  etc.,  17 ;  in  the  Armada 
fight,  20  ;  roving  the  Atlantic,  20-27  ; 
at  Cadiz,  24 ;  at  the  Azores,  24  ;  inter- 
ested in  proposed  voyage  to  East  India, 
25  ;  incorporators  of  first  East  India 
charter,  25.  [The  foregoing  references 
apply  to  Planters  as  well  as  to  Adven- 
turers. See  Biographies  and  Emi- 
grants.] 49,  52,  53,  228,  229,  236,  248, 
272,  280,  281,  284,  295,  302,  316,  317, 
415,  425,  426,  466,  503,  505,  507,  541- 
54S,  574,  579,  582,  587,  588,  625-630, 
769,  775-779,  781,  798,  802-805,  80S, 
982.  See  Charters,  Emigrants,  Sub- 
Advice  of  the  Va.  CouncU,  79-85,  102; 
of  Lord  Bacon  to  Viscount  Villiers, 
795. 
Africa:  Abyssinia,  970;  Africa,  32,  147, 
440, 785, 916, 970, 994, 1000,  1007, 1023, 


1072 


INDEX. 


1026 ;  African,  or  Guinea,  Company, 
9S1,  1026  ;  xlfrican  trader,  867  ;  Alg-er- 
iue  corsairs,  10o2 ;  Algier  apricot, 
1032  ;  Algiers,  646,  937, 942, 985, 1024 ; 
Alcazarquivir,  1024  ;  Alexandria,  1032  ; 
Alexandrian  MS.  986;  Angola,  1004; 
Barbary,  440,  825,  970,  1024 ;  Binney, 
942,  980,  1004,  1032,  1039 ;  Cairo  (see 
Grand  Cayro) ;  Cape  of  Good  Hope, 
773,  973 ;  Cartilage,  742  ;  Egipt  (Egypt), 
1044 ;  Gambia  River,  981,  990,  1004 ; 
Grand  Cayro,  1032  ;  Guinea,  4-6 ; 
Guinea  Company,  942,  980,  981,  1004, 
1026,  1032,  1036,  1039 ;  Morocco,  440, 
1000  ;  Nile  River,  970  ;  Red  Sea,  147, 
272 ;  Senega,  1017  ;  Senegambia,  990 ; 
Tunis,  271,  985.     See  Negroes. 

Ager.     See  Aueher. 

Aggas,  Edward,  stationer,  887. 

Agreements,  32-3.5,  496. 

Aguiar,  Don  Rodrigo  de  (Spaniard),  648. 

Aiken's  "  Court  of  James  I.,"  927. 

Alabama,  1020. 

Albany  (N.  Y.),  447,  676,  679,  707,  735, 
737,' 745,  746. 

Albert,  Archduke  (of  Austria,  governor 
of  the  Spanish  Netherlands),  19,  48, 
666,  814,  817,  877,  956. 

Albert,  Archduke,  and  Isabella  (daughter 
of  Philip  II.  of  Spain  and  governess  of 
the  Netherlands,  1621-1633),  27,  1037. 

Alcocke,  Thomas,  224. 

Alden,  Robert,  N.  Fid.  Co.,  390. 

Aldermen.     See  London,  Aldermen. 

Aldersey,  Elizabeth,  866;  Samuel,  866. 

Aldridge,  Nicholas,  merchant-tailor,  305. 

Aldworth,  Richard,  grocer,  257,  387,  389, 
558,  591,  687 ;  Robert,  of  Bristol,  26  ; 
Thomas,  of  Bristol,  10,  813 ;  Thomas, 
391. 

Alen^on,  Duke  of,  844,  850. 

Alexander  the  Great,  781,  782,  1008. 

Alexander  VI.  (Pope,  1492-1503),  261, 
366,  813. 

Alexander,  Henry,  1036;  Master  Robert, 
16 ;  William,  Earl  of  Sterling,  758,  813, 
1026,  1036,  Port,  20. 

Aliffe  or  Ayloffe.     See  AylifEe. 

Alikock,  Jerome,  167. 

Alisbury,  William,  merchant-tailor,  304. 

Ailde,  Edward,  stationer,  420,  813  ;  John, 
813. 

Allen,  Alleine,  AUeyne,  AUyne,  etc.,  Ed- 
mond,  gent.,  4()9,  547,  628,  630,  813 ; 
Edward,  fishmonger,  216,  280, 390, 468, 
813 ;  Giles,  8(i6 ;  John,  fishmonger,  228, 
281,  813;  Mary,  866;  Robert,  poet, 
1026  ;  Thomas,  grocer,  225,  813. 

Allington,  or  Alington,  (iiles,  gent.,  547, 
813;  Sir  Giles.  814,  851;  Sir  Giles, 
813  ;  Lieut.  Giles,  813  ;  AViUiam,  813. 

Allot,  Robert,  stationer,  923. 

Alm.anacks,  ()()7. 

Alnwick  Castle,  105. 

Alport,  Thomas,  N.  Fid.  Co.,  390. 


Amazon  River,  64,  138,  139,  454,  657, 

852,  885,  984,  985,  1032, 1039. 

Ambassadors,  the  archduke's,  666;  Dutch 
(see  Caron  also),  104  ;  English  (see  Ab- 
bot ;  Aston ;  Canning  ;  Carew  ;  Carle- 
ton  ;  Cornwallis ;  Cottington ;  Cranfield ; 
Digby  ;  Digges  ;  Edmondes  ;  Ewre  ; 
Hay ;  Howard,  Charles ;  Lee,  Hugh  ; 
Merrick  ;  Middleton ;  Muncke  ;  Neville, 
Sir  H. ;  Pory  ;  Roe  ;  Sherleys ;  Sidneys ; 
Smith,  Sir  Thomas  ;  Spencer ;  Stuart ; 
ViUiers  ;  Wade  ;  Walsingham  ;  Wilson ; 
Winwood ;'  Wotton,  and  Zouch),  7,  98, 
472 ;  French  (see  Buisseaux),  677,  679, 
680,  700,  723,  732,  734,  1067 ;  Spanish 
(see  Gondomar,  the  Velascos,  and  Zu- 
fiiga),  45,  46,  104,  183,  472,  663,  666 ; 
Savoy  (see  aLso  Scarnafissi),  665,  666 ; 
Russia  or  Muscovy,  666. 

Ambergris,  146,  635,  639,  646,  648,  655, 
658,  661,  666,  667,  683,  735,  1042. 

America,  v,  29,  32,  33,  50,  63, 65,  80,  111, 
147,  207,  250,  251,  262,  566,  574,  578, 
609,  646,  672,  676,  680,  726,  730,  791, 
795,  805,  838,  839,  845,  852,  906,  954, 
1009,  1010,  1013,  1025-1027,  1041.  See 
Antarctic  Ocean,  Arctic  Ocean,  Atlan- 
tic Ocean,  North  America,  Pacific 
Ocean,  South  America,  West  Indies. 

American  Antiquarian  Society,  110,  170, 
334  ;  colonization,  977,  1046,  1069  ;  en- 
terprises, 282,  284,  611,  689,  748,  780, 
1048 ;  rarities,  1039. 

Amidas,  or  Amydas,  Joan,  915  ;  Philip, 
13,  14,  813,  890,  905,  976,  991 ;  Wil- 
liam, 915. 

Amonate,  967. 

Amplef  ord,  William,  mereliaiit  -  tailor, 
304. 

Anacostan  Indians,  1021. 

Anchanachuck,  186. 

Ancient,  or  Biblical,  names  of  persons 
and  places  referred  to :  Alexander 
the  Great,  276,  781,  782,  1008;  Anak, 
sons  of,  289,  1030 ;  Anteus  the  giant, 
275;  Arabia,  313;  Babylon,  314;  Ba- 
san,  313 ;  Cadmus,  498 ;  Caleb,  639 ; 
captive  girle,  291  ;  captive  woman,  291 ; 
captive  youthes,  291  ;  Ephesus,  Queen 
of,  563;  Hercules,  276,  781,  1008;  In- 
dia, 313  ;  Janus,  563 ;  Joshua,  639 ; 
Morosa,  the  ancient  name  of  Virginia, 
709  ;  Moses,  745  ;  Narsis,  313 ;  Persia, 
SKJ;  Pomona,  313;  seven  cities,  837; 
Sicily,  314  ;  Theban's  war,  498  ;  Thes- 
saly,  314;  Tyrus,  313;  Victoria  the 
goddess,  275.     See  Texts  and  Sermons. 

Anderson,  Elizabeth,  894  ;  Sir  Henry,  894. 

Anderson's  (Rev.  J.  S.  M.)  "  History  of 
the  Church  of  England  in  the  Colonies," 
170,  284,  360. 

Andrews,  Mr.  Warden  Edmond,  fishmon- 
ger, 282  ;  John,  the  elder,  doctor  of 
Cambridge,  223,  813 ;  John,  the  young- 
er, of  Cambridge,  224,  813 ;  Capt.  John, 


INDEX. 


1073 


813 ;  Rev.  Dr.  Lancelot,  Bishop  of  Win- 
chester, translator  of  the  Bible,  8o(), 
970;  Mary,  8o0;  Nicholas,  219,  468, 
813 ;  Thomas,  836 ;  Mr. ,  962. 

Angell,  John,  2.5. 

Angelo.  a  negro  woman,  987. 

Anglo-Saxon,  730,  80.5. 

Angus,  Earl  of,  1066. 

Amials.     See  John  Stow. 

Annapolis,  718. 

Anne  of  Denmark.     See  Anne  Stuart. 

Amie,  Queen  of  England  (1702-1714), 
923. 

Antarctic  seas  (around  the  South  Pole), 
21,  879. 

Anthony,  Charles,  goldsmith,  215,  468, 
770,  814  ;  Derick,  814  ;  Elizabeth,  814 ; 
Dr.  Francis  ("  aurum  potabile"),  814, 
818. 

Antiquaries,  Society  of.     See  Society. 

Antonio,  Maestro  (see  Lymbry,  English 
pilot  and  spy  in  the  service  of  Spain), 
510,  524,  525. 

Apamatica,  160. 

Apocant,  187. 

Apothecaries,  469,  799,  869,  874,  876, 
975;  druggists,  353;  drugs,  314,  317, 
395,  800 ;  pharmacy,  395.  See  Doc- 
tors. 

Appalachian  Range,  or  System,  17,  584, 
1020.     See  Minerals. 

Apsliam,  23. 

Apsley,  Sir  AUen,  562,  814,  843,  953, 
980. 

Aquila,  Don  Juan  de  (D'Aquyla),  Span- 
iard, 266,  693,  814,  899. 

Arago  (1786-1853),  1025. 

Arber's  edition  of  Capt.  John  Smith's 
Works,  108,  182,  328,  600. 

Archdale,  Barbara,  960 ;  Sir  Thomas, 
960. 

Archduke.     See  Albert. 

Archer   (see    Aucher,    also),    Capt.    Ga- 

/Jbriel,  first   recorder  of  Virginia,  etc., 

*^Tii,  25,  77,  110,  151,  156,  182,  201,  203, 

215, 281, 327-332, 459,  814. 1007 ;  John, 

814  ;  Thomas,  stationer,  832,  1032. 

Archer's  Hope,  161,  814. 

Archfeologia  Americana,  110,  172,  177, 
631,  602. 

Archives  of  Jesus  at  Rome.  Sae  Jesuit 
Archives. 

Archives  of  Simancas.  See  Spanish  Doc- 
uments. 

Arctic  Ocean,  or  North  Sea  (around  the 
North  Pole),  178,  668 ;  circle,  795. 

Argall,  Anne,  814,  1023;  Anne,  816; 
Catherine,  814;  Elizabeth,  814,  815; 
Gaberell,  814 ;  Jane,  814  ;  John,  814  ; 
John,  Esq.,  798,  803,  814,  815,  939; 
Lawrence,  814 ;  Margaret,  814  ;  Marv, 
815;  Mary,  814,  81.5,  1011;  Sir  Regi- 
nald, 814,  984,  1031 :  Richard,  814, 
996  ;  Richard,  the  poet,  815  ;  Rowland, 
814 ;  Sir  Samuel,  governor  of  Virginia, 


etc.,  307,  327,  330,  332,  334,  3;36,  343, 
344,  357,  408,  417,  428-439,  457-459, 
475,  481,  482,  488,  493,  530,  562,  570, 
573,  639,  640,  645,  662,  664,  665,  676, 
677,  679,  689,  702,  703,  709,  713-720, 
724-726,  728,  730-734,  741-743,  745, 
74t)-751,  760,  777,  798,  814,  816,  auto., 
816,  818,  833,  835,  8(i9,  885,  902,  939, 
942,  943,  967,  975,  982,984, 1008, 1011, 
1023,  1031,  1032,  1065;  Sara,  815; 
Thomas,  814,  1031 ;  Thomas,  815. 

Argall's  Bay,  816. 

ArgaU's  Gift,  962. 

Arlington,  Earl  of,  827. 

Armonch^-quois  Indians,  535. 

Armstrong.     See  Strongarm. 

Army,  xiv  ;  Army  and  navy  officers.  See 
under  Protestantism. 

Armyne,  or  Airmyn,  Lady  Mary,  924, 
925  ;  Sir  William,  924. 

Arquien,  Sieur  d'  (French),  724. 

Arostsgui,  Antonio  de  (Spanish),  509- 
511. 

Arrows,  160,  163,  289,  396,  485,  520,  583, 
585,  791. 

Arsahattacks,  .504,  505. 

Articles,  10,  32-35,  64-75,  471,  571. 

Artniery,  165,  519,  660,  661,  682,  734, 
900. 

Arundel,  Earl  of.     See  Thomas  Howard. 

Arundell  (see  Erondelle),  Anne,  817 ; 
Elizabeth,  887 ;  M.  John,  14 ;  John, 
Esq.,  467,  546,  803,  816 ;  John,  816 ; 
John,  887;  Margaret,  887;  Sir  Mat- 
thew, 816 ;  Peter,  887  ;  Thomas,  Lord 
of  Wardour,  27,  48,  50,  198,  244,  245, 
311,  324,  816,  817,927,  1061,  Port.,  31. 

Asbie,  John,  167. 

Ascough  (Askew,  etc.),  Sir  Francis,  1046. 

Ashcroft,  Richard,  803,  817. 

Ashhurst,  Thomas,  of  Bristol,  2. 

Ashley,  Anne,  817  ;  Anthony,  817 ;  Sir 
Anthony,  translator,  etc.,  210,  466,  817, 
818,  926  ;  Henry,  merchant-tailor,  .304  ; 
James,    merchant  -  tailor,    304  ;    Capt. 

25 ;  Capt.  John,  213,  818  ;  Robert, 

817. 

Ashmole,  Elias,  488. 

Ashmolean  MS.,  488,  562. 

Ashmole's  Museum,  199. 

Ashton  (see  Aston),  Sir  Roger,  211,  818, 
Port.,  40. 

Asia,  147,  994,  1023;  Aden  in  Arabia, 
147 ;  Aleppo,  885,  970,  1000 ;  Arabia, 
23;  Arabic  MS.,  1039;  Babylon,  314; 
Canaan.  365,  499,  578,  582 ;  Caspian 
Sea,  83,  793,  956,  10-38;  "Dammaske," 
1044;  Dead  Sea  ("  Mare  Mortuum"), 
793;  Holy  Land,  275,  885,  1032, 
"Bethlem,"  1044,  "Gaza,"  1032, 
"  Galely,"  1044,  Jerusalem,  1032, 1044, 
"  Landes  of  Jewrie,''  1044,  Palestina, 
793  (see  Canaan  also)  ;  Hydaspes  (Jhy- 
lum)  River,  956 ;  Ormus,  147 ;  Oxus 
River,  956;  Red  Sea,  147,  272;  Sinde, 


1074 


INDEX. 


river  of,  957;  Syria,  885,  937;  Tar- 
tary,  57o,  574,  785,  859 ;  Tripolis  in 
Syria,  885  ;  Turkey  in  Asia,  885,  1023. 
See  Chin.i,  East  India,  Japan,  Pacific 
Ocean,  Persia,  etc. 

Askew  (Ascougb,  etc.),  James,  219,  468, 
818. 

Askin,  Lady  Anne,  1046. 

Askwith,  Robert,  Esq.,  467,  546,  818. 

Aspley,  William,  stationer,  29,  818. 

Assaeomoit  (see  Sasacomoit),  Indian,  127, 
131. 

Assembly.     See  Burgesses. 

Asten.     Sae  Austen. 

Aston  (see  Ashton),  Elizabeth,  818 ; 
Walter,  of  Va.,  818 ;  Sir  Walter,  diplo- 
mat, 544,  818,  FotU,  50. 

Atkins,  Doctor  (Henry),  1014;  Mary, 
8o9 ;  Richard,  839  ;  Thomas,  fishmon- 
ger, 282. 

Atkinson,  Edward,  merchant-tailor,  303  ; 
Richard,  the  elder,  1032  ;  Richard,  the 
younger,  ix,  308,  310,  818;  William, 
lawyer,  218,  818;  Mr. ,  14. 

Atlantic  Ocean,  20:  "this  sea,"  647; 
"North  J<ea,"  670,  673,  674,  675,  846, 
947,  957,  972;  bank,  394;  catchops, 
138  ;  channels,  456,  647  ;  coast  survey, 
188,  458;  coast,  xiv,  6,  81,  513,  514, 
518,  519,  521 ;  course  to  sail  to  Va., 
86 ;  currents,  32,  330,  343,  346,  354, 
394,  432,  439,  456,  518,  709;  "discov- 
erie  of  a  shorter  way,"  307,  343,  344; 
estuary,  512  ;  fog,  432-434  ;  Gulf 
Stream,  456;  harbors,  81,  394,  519, 
644,  660,  970  ;  Islandia.  80 ;  keys,  512  ; 
"  La  Manche,"  721 ;  Oscachopos,  138 ; 
passage  to  Va. ,  82,  83,  343 ;  ready  way 
to  Va.,  508,  860 ;  routes  to  Va.,  82,  83, 
86,  307,  343,  344,  393,  399,  489,  508, 
518,  860;  sandbank,  394;  shalloAvs, 
514,  519;  shoals,  157,  4:37,  438,  459, 
460,  514,  519,  793,  970 ;  straits,  440 ; 
tide,  406,  407,  438,  439,  489,  519.  See 
Azores,  Bays,  Canary  Islands,  Cape 
Verde  Islands,  Gulfs,  Islands,  Madeira 
Islands,  Naval  Affairs.  Ships,  Tem- 
pests, Voyages,  etc.     Also,  CLVIII. 

Aubrey,  John,  antiquary,  864,  1053. 

Aucher  (see  Archer).  Anthony,  Esq.,  214, 
818,  897,  93i),  992^  99.) ;  Sir  Anthony, 
212,  770,  796,  818,  819,  939;  Sir  An- 
thony, Jr.,  819;  Edward,  818;  Edwin, 
995  ;'  Elizabeth,  818,  939 ;  Hester,  995 ; 
Joan,  S97  ;  John,  of  Otterden,  818,  897. 

Auditors  of  the  Va.  Co.,  viii-ix.  See  J. 
Danvers,  Essington,  J.  Ferrar,  E.  San- 
dys, J.  Wrothe,  etc. 

Audley,  Margaret,  928 ;  Thomas,  Lord, 
928. 

Auger.     See  Aucher. 

Austen,  Ambrose,  803,  818 ;  George, 
812;  Joan,  812. 

Austria,  Anne  of,  907. 

Austria,  Margaret  of,  967. 


Authors,  24,  and  this  Index,  passim. 

Averell,  Bartholomew,  991. 

Avila.     See  Zuliiga. 

Avil^s  (see  Menendez),  Gen.  Alvaro 
Sanehes  de  (ypaniard),  948. 

Aviso,  bark  of,  17,  417,  497,  1055 ;  letter 
of,  474,  4U2. 

Axacan,  947.  See  Chesapeake  and  Xa- 
can. 

Ayapassus,  King  of  Pastancie,  641. 

Aylesbury,  Sir  Thomas,  010. 

Ayliffe,  Sir  William,  545,  813. 

Aylmer,  Bishop  John,  reformer,  19, 
819. 

Azores,  or  Western  Islands,  18,  22,  24, 
27,  80,  132,  392,  474,  480,  640,  699, 
704,  720,  854,  855,  877,  916,  917,  970, 
1001 ;  Fayal,  704,  721,  724 ;  Gratiosa, 
403;  St.  George,  403;  Terceira,  137, 
403,  413,  970;  lemons  and  oranges, 
480. 

Baber  (see  Barber),  Edward,  468,  547. 

Babington's  estates,  976;  plot,  1041. 

Bache,  George,  fishmonger,  22.5,  819. 

Backhouse,  Nicholas,  894  ;  Sarah,  894. 

Bacon,  Anthony,  819,  852  ;  Sir  Francis, 
author,  etc.,  v,  vii,  viii,  xii,  119,  122, 
207,  211,  232,  360,  390,  562,  565,  597, 
637,  678,  789,  795,  807,  819-822,  825, 
829,  840,  856,  907,  919,  935.  946,  953, 
990,  993, 1026, 1028, 1039,  1040 ;  essay, 
667,  799-802,  Port,  60 ;  Henry,  950 ; 
Sir  James,  822;  Martha,  822;  Col. 
Nathaniel,  822 ;  Nathaniel  the  rebel, 
822,  887,  his  rebellion,  829,  887,  909 ; 
Sir  Nicholas,  819  ;  Sir  Nicholas,  948. 

Badger,  John,  220,  822. 

Baffin,  William,  author,  767,  779,  822, 
837,  878,  1014,  1057,  1058. 

Bagge,  George,  822 ;  James,  66,  92,  822 ; 
Sir  James,  802,  822. 

Bagshaw,  Mr. ,  fishmonger,  281. 

Bahatnas,  Bahoma,  or  Providence  Isl- 
ands, 329,  456,  512,  647,  837,  852,  862, 
886,  915,  979,  980,  981. 

Bailleur, le,  French  pilot,  711,  714. 

Baker,  Elizabeth,  996,  997;  Sir  John, 
990,  997  ;  John,  222,  822,  997 ;  John, 
merchant  -  tailor,  305;  Michael,  ]81, 
29") ;  ISir  Richard,  author,  571,  822, 
997,  1048  ;  Thomas,  803,  822. 

Bald^vin.  Francis,  548,  822. 

Ball,  George,  822;  Col.  Joseph,  987; 
Richard,  803,  822. 

Ballads,  420-426,  495. 

Balser,  Rali)h,  merchant-tailor,  .304. 

Balthazar,  Rev.  Christopher,  French  pro- 
vincial of  the  Jesuits,  475,  533. 

Baltimore,  Loi-d.  —  George  Calvert. 

Bamborough,  Mary,  1045  ;  Sir  William, 
1045. 

Bamfield,  Sir  Amias,  545,  822;  John, 
Esq.,  881. 

Banbury,  Earl  of.  — •  W^illiam  Knollys. 


INDEX. 


1075 


Banbury,  Richard,  304. 
Bancroft,   Rev.  Richard,  archbishop,  au- 
thor, etc..  171,  823,  9L>i). 
Banister,  Richard,  merchant,  21.5,  823. 
Banks,  Anne,  HS-i  ;  John,  21.5,  770,  823  ; 

Miles,  cutler,  226,  828. 
Bankworth,    Mr.    ,    stationer,    292 ; 

Richard,  830. 
Bantam  on  the  Island  of  Java,  873,  957, 

97:]. 
Barbadoes,    85G,    911,    920,    921,    1034, 

1036,  1();59. 
^Z—  Barbar,  Capt.  Andreas  (Spaniard),  132. 
Barbary,  kings  of,  440. 
Barber,    Edward,    468 ;     Gabriel,    1060  ; 

Thomas,  merchant,  215,  823. 
Bardwell,  William,  220. 
BargTRve,  Angel,   or  Ingle,   823 ;    Capt. 

George,  803,  823,  824,  943  ;  Rev.  Isaac, 

823,  824;  Capt.  John,  803,  823,  824, 
929,  932,  993,  1066;  Richard,  823; 
Robert,  823  ;  Robert,  823 ;  Rev. 
Thomas,  823. 

#5-'  Barbara,  Mr. ,  982. 

Barham,  Downs,  .537. 

Barkeley  (see  Berkeley),  John,  1065 ; 
Mar\-,  1065. 

Barker,  Christopher,  stationer,  824 ;  Mat- 
thew, raerchant-tailor,  304 ;  Robert, 
stationer,  printer  of  the  Bible,  292,  824 ; 
Robert,  shoemaker.  222,  824. 

Barkham.  Edward,   824;    Edward,   468, 

824,  823  ;  Jane,  825  ;  Margaret,  825. 
Barkley.     See  Berkeley. 

Barlee,'  or  Barley,  Dulcibella,  114,  968 ; 
John,  968;  Capt.  John.  114,  115. 

Barley,  Robert,  847  ;  William,  stationer, 
966. 

Barlow,  Artliur,  13,  890,  905,  976 ;  Fran- 
ces, 945  ;  Bishop  William,  a  translator 
of  the  Bible,  874,  945. 

Barlow's  (S.  L.  M.),  Library,  18L 

Barnard  (see  Bernard),  John,  771,  828, 
982  ;  Thomas,  828. 

Barneham,  or  Barnham,  Alice,  820 ;  Ben- 
edict, 820  ;  Sir  Francis,  .544,  825. 

Barners  (Barnes  ?),  Anthony,  Esq.,  214, 
467,  825. 

Barnes,  Alice,  880 ;  Anne,  825,  845,  943, 
1041  ;  Anne,  939  ;  Bartholomew,  812  ; 
Elizabeth,  825,  983;  Edward,  8S0 ; 
Edward,  219,  469,  825,  1061  ;  Francis, 
913 ;  Sir  George,  the  elder,  reformer, 
3,  825,839,  84o,  929,  983,  1041,  Port, 
70 ;  Sir  George,  the  younger,  12,  825, 
896,  943 ;  John,  825  ;  John,  stationer, 
767;  Joseph,  stationer,  600,  601;  Juli- 
ana, 913  ;  Margaret,  812;  Roger,  sta- 
tioner, 419;  Sir  William,  93i>;  WU- 
liara,  215,  468,  825,  992;  William, 
fishmonger,  281.     See  Baron. 

Barnevelt  (or  Olden  Barnevelt),  Mong. 
(Dutch),  448,  9.59. 

Barnstable,  England,  17,  876,  947 ;  Barn- 
stable, .Mass.,  460. 


Baron,  Cliristopher,  222,  770,  825,  982 ; 
Richard,  825. 

Barrett,  Master  Robert,  (> ;  William, 
grocer,  469,  .548,  5'.»0,  687,  825  ;  Wil- 
liam, stationer,  428. 

Barrington,  Sir   Francis,  466,   ,543,  825, 

826,  868  ;   Joan,  826. 
Barros,  John,  author,  10,  826. 

Bartle,  Bartlev,  Barklet,  etc.,  Peter,  469, 
547,  826,  9oV),  907. 

Bartlett,  Hon.  J.  R.,  xvi,  142,  337. 

Barton,  Capt.  George,  16,  826. 

Baskerville,  Sir  Thomaa,  23,  826,  998, 
1031. 

Basse,  Humphrey,  .548,  826. 

Bassett,  George,  merchant-tailor,  .305. 

Basti,  Gen.  George  (Albanian),  1007. 

Bateman,  Sir  Anthony,  826 ;  Richard, 
826 ;  Robert,  826 ;  Robert,  solicitor 
E.  I.  Co.,  220,  766,  803,  826,  982;  Sir 
Thomas,  826. 

Bath,  Earl  of.  —  William  Bonrchier. 

Bath,  Marquis  of,  xvii,  318,  384, 

Bathes,  153,  154,  480,  489. 

Bathori,  Sigdsmund,  1007,  1008 ;  Stephen, 
1002,  1007 ;  the  three  brothers  (Chris- 
topher, Sigismund,  and  Steplien),  1007, 

Bathurst.  Earl  of,  826  ;  Launcelot.  826  ; 
Randolph,  814;  Thomas,  221;  Timo- 
thy, grocer,  225,  257,  auto.,  823,  962. 

Baudius,  Dominic,  of  Leyden,  1026. 

Bavaria,  Duke  of,  877. 

Bayfill,  John,  fishmonger,  281. 

Bayley  (or  Bailev),  Capt. ,  16 ;  Capt, 

John,   115;    Roger,   18,   20;    Thomas, 

vintner,  226, 826  ;  Walter,  18,  20 ; , 

1028. 

Baynam.  Richard,  904.      c 

Baynham,  Mr. ,  982. 

Bayning,  Andrew,  grocer,  388;  Paul, 
Viscount,  845. 

Bavs :  ArgaU's,  816 ;  Cape  Cod,  or 
Whitson's,  460,  972,  1052  ;  De  la  Warr, 
327,  438,  461.  641,  1048 ;  Fleets,  892  ; 
Massachusetts,  194,  460,  1028;  Pow- 
hatan, Poetan,  Portan,  Purtan,  Putin, 
151,  188.     See  Chesapeake. 

Beadle  of  the  Va.  Co.,  viii.  See  Francis 
Carter. 

Beale,  Edward,  grocer,  224,  827  ;  John, 
stationer,  657,  746  (759  ?)  ;  Robert,  12, 

827,  1056. 

Beard,  George,  merchant-tailor,  .304. 
Beast  (see  Best),  Benjamin,  167. 
Beaufort,  Duke  of  (see  Somerset),  1019. 
Beaumont,  John,   clothier,  .548,  827 ;  Sir 

Thomas,  the  elder,  466,  544,  827. 
Becher,  or  Beecher,  Sir  William,  948. 
Beck,  Charles,  8U3,  827;  William,  gent., 

547,  827. 
Bedford,  Countess   of.  —  Lucy  Jlarring- 

ton. 
Bedford,  Earl  of.  —  Edward  Russell. 
Bedingfield,  Sir  Henry,  544,   837  ;  Mar- 

garet,  997. 


1076 


INDEX. 


Beedel,  Bedell,  Gabriel,  218,  826 ;  John, 
218,  827. 

"  Beggar's  Bush,"  933. 

Beilby,  Elizabeth,  963 ;  Dr.  John,  963. 

Bell,  Ann,  UU3 ;  Dorothy,  924 ;  Edward, 
903;  Capt.  PhUip,  886;  Sir  Robert, 
886;  Sir  Robert,  924;  Robert,  mer- 
chant, 548,  574,  766,  827,  982. 

Bellarmine  (Cardinal  Roberto  Bellar- 
mino),  361,  927. 

Bellingham,  Gov.  Richard,  931,  1045. 

Benbow,  William,  merchant-tailor,  305. 

Benn,  Sir  Anthony,  914,  945. 

Bennet,  Edward,  982  ;  George,  220,  827 ; 
Henry,  Earl  of  Arlington,  827;  Sir 
John,  466,  543,  827;  Richard,  955; 
William,  fishmonger,  223,  281,  827. 

Benson,  Nicholas,  220,  468, 770,  827  ;  Pe- 
ter, 222,  827  ;  Richard,  827. 

Benton's  statue,  81. 

Bents,  Alexander,  219. 

Beomont.     See  Beaumont. 

Berke,  John,  Dutch,  447. 

Berkeley,  Charles,  Viscount  Fitzharding, 
827;  Sir  Charles,  802,  803,  827,  828, 
y  899  ;  Edward,  223 ;  Edward,  gent.,  547, 
^^  827;  Elizabeth,  873,  1031;  George, 
Lord,  1036 ;  George,  merchant,  219, 
468,  594,  748,  759,  770,  827 ;  Henry, 
17th  Lord,  1005 ;  Sir  Henry,  827,  956 ; 
Henry,  828 ;  Sir  Henry,  828 ;  Jane, 
828 ;  Sir  John,  828 ;  Sir-  John,  827  ; 
John  Syms,  828;  Margaret,  828;  Sir 
Maurice,  827,  960;  Sir  Maurice,  828; 
Sir  Maurice,  828  ;  Sir  Maurice,  93,  210, 
232,  424,  466,  827,  828,  934 ;  Norborne, 
Baron  de  Botetourt,  827, 828  ;  Sir  Rich- 
ard, 827 ;  Sir  Richard,  873  ;  Richard, 
803,  828,  985,  1005,  1031,  1060,  1069; 
Robert,  gent.,  547,  828 ;  Thomas,  1005  ; 
William,  219,  828 ;  WiUiam,_  226 ;  Sir 
William,  governor  of  Virginia,  827, 
828,  899,  935,  956,  963. 

Berkeley  Hundred  in  Virginia,  828,  830, 
962,  971,  985,  1005,  1006,  1031,  1032, 
1047,  1059,  1060. 
Berkshire,  Earl  of.  —  Francis  Lord  Nor- 

ris. 
Bermuda    Nether    Hundred,    Va.,    782, 

1050. 
Bermudas,  Bermoothes,  Bermoothawes, 
etc..  Islands  and  Company,  23,  24,  80, 
128,  192,  328,  ,343,  40(J-402,  404,  408, 
416-420,  422,  448,  456,  495,  508,  520, 
537,  560,  568,  588,  589,  51)3-595,  602, 
603,  607,  616-621,  633,  634,  ()36-(;;19, 
645-647,  649,  655,  656,  658,  660,  661, 
663,  666-668,  680-684,  689,  724,  734, 
736,  740,  750,  752-756,  759,  76C>,  773, 
774,  789,  795  ;  Dfemoniorum  insulam, 
Hand  of  the  Devil,  He  of  the  Devil, 
Land  "of  Devils,  419,  420,  589,  681, 
753  ;  Somers  Island,  537,  557,  594,  620, 
637,  66(5,  680,  74S,  752,  755,  756,  7()8, 
770,  771,795;    Summer  Islands,  637, 


645,  759,  1008,  1009 ;  Vermudas,  495, 
658  ;  Virginiola,  537-  See  the  Tem- 
pest, and  the  Voyages  to.  Governors 
of  the  island  :  Philip  Bell,  John  Ber- 
nard, Nathaniel  Butler,  Jolin  Harrison, 
and  Daniel  Tucker;  of  the  company, 
W.  Cavendish,  E.  Sackville,  and 
Thomas  Smith.  Depvity :  William  Can- 
ning. See  Biographies,  pp.  823,  824, 
828,  846,  847,  874,  885,  886,  900,  913, 
918,  920,  929,  945,  946,  948,  953,  958, 
959,  979-982,  989,  994,  1000,  1013, 
1014,  1017-1019,  1024,  1026,  1032- 
1034,  1039,  1040,  1042-1044,  1053, 
1055,  1057,  1059,  1062,  1064,  1065. 

Bernard  (see  Barnard),  John,  771,  828, 
982  ;  Rev.  Richard,  779  ;  Tliomas,  828  ; 
William,  merchant-tailor,  304. 

BeiTisford,  Rowland,  or  Robert,  225,  828. 

Berrow,  Mrs.  Anne,  991. 

Berry,  Capt. ,  977. 

Bertie,  or  Berty,  Peregrine,  Esq,,  543, 
828,  1006,  1069  ;  Peregrine,  Lord  WU- 
loughby,  814,  826,  82S,  914,  961,  997, 
1006,  1029,  1030. 

Besbeche  (Beswick?),  WiUiam,  grocer, 
390. 

Best,  EUis,  102,  192. 

Beswicke,  Anne,  959 ;  William,  959. 

Beverley's  history  of  Virginia,  971. 

Bevil,  Elizabeth,  905 ;  Philip,  905. 

Beza,  Theodore,  French  reformer,  984. 

Eiancourt,  Biencourt,  Bencourt  (see  Pou- 
trincourt),  Charles  de  (French),  194,475, 
533-536,  726 ;  Jean  de,  726 ;  complaint, 
725-729. 

Biard,  Rev.  Father  Peter,  French  Jesuit, 
94,  699,  715,  718-720,  726-728,  815, 
828  ;  letters,  475,  476,  533-536,  700- 
708 ;  extract  from  his  Relation,  709- 
725. 

Bible,  quotations  from,  361,  375  (see  Ser- 
mons and  Texts) ;  translation  of  1565, 
991 ;  of  1604-1611,  97,  811,  824,  836, 
852,  1026. 

Biddeford,  Maine,  1039. 

Bideford,  England,  19,  138. 

Biggs,  Capt.  Walter,  16,  828,  868. 

Bileth.     See  Byleth. 

Bill,  Mr.  John,  stationer,  293,  828. 

Bills  of  Adventure,  252,  308,  309,  389, 
390-392,  452-454,  471,  496,  540,  549, 
555,  763,  774,  852. 

Bing,  or  Byng,  George,  1069;  WUliam, 
803,  828,  829,  982,  1069. 

Bingham,  Capt.  John,  213. 

Bingley,  John,  E.sq.,  214,  467,  549,  829, 
980,  1069 ;  Sir  Richard,  545,  829,  980 ; 
,  the  pirate  (Sir  Richard  ?),  119. 

Biographies,  xii,  xiii,  807-1070. 

Biondi,  G.  F.,  Dalmatian  author,  601,  829. 

Birch's  "Memoirs  of  Elizabeth,"  852; 
"  Life  of  Henry  Prince  of  Wales,"  108, 
237,  387 ;  "  Court  and  Times  of  James 
I.,"  527,  734,  730. 


INDEX. 


1077 


Birds  of  Virginia,  161, 175,  585, 586,  683, 
800. 

Birnle,  Capt. ,  97". 

Biron  (Byron  ?),  M.,  2. 

Bishop,  Bisshop, ,  223  ;  Edward,  sta- 
tioner, 222,  293,  46S,  770,  829 ;  Miister 
George,  stationer,  292,  321,  812,  824, 
829,  891. 

Bisseaux.     See  Buisseaux. 

Bitfield,  Capt. ,  10. 

Black  Prince,  370. 

Blackall,  John,  909. 

Blacker,  Rev.  Beaver  H.,  xvii. 

Blacksmiths,  203,  227,  248,  3.53,  .520,  858. 

Blackwall,  William,  stationer,  969. 

Blake,  Patrick,  merchant-tailor,  304. 

Blakemore,  Arthur,  grocer,  .590  ;  Richard, 
803,  829. 

Bland,  Adam,  829  ;  Adam,  829 ;  Edward, 
829  ;  Edward,  829,  830 ;  Edward,  874  ; 
Edward,  author,  830 ;  Giles,  rebel, 
829,  830 ;  Gregory,  merchant-tailor, 
30(5,  829,  830,  1000  ;  Jane,  829 ;  John, 
829,  830 ;  John,  830 ;  John,  grocer, 
803,  829,  830,  902,  994,  1000,  1042; 
Sarah,  830  ;  Theodorick,  829,  962, 994 ; 
Thomas.  994. 

"  Bland,  Fals  of,"  830. 

Blantyre,  Lord,  1049. 

Blasius,  Friar,  Spaniard,  129,  130. 

Bletsoe,  573. 

Blount,  or  Blunt,  Catherine,  827  ;  Charles, 
Earl  of  Devonshire,  1067 ;  Edward,  or 
Ned,  stationer,  667,  803,  830;  John, 
grocer,  225,  830:  Judith,  8-52,  1017; 
Richard,  803,  830;  Sarah,  997,  1004, 
1013,  1017  ;  Thomas,  Esq.,  992 ;  Wal- 
ter, 992 ;  William,  827  ;  William,  852, 
1017.     See  Montjoy. 

Blount  Point.  Va.,  1043. 

Bludder,  Sir  Thomas,  212,  830. 

Blundell,  Capt.  John,  213. 

Blythe  (see  Bvleth),  Capt.  Richard,  8.37; 
William,  903. 

Bodleian  Library,  xvii,  488,  562,  986, 
1018. 

Bodley,  Sir  Thomas,  1018. 

Bohun,  or  Boone,  Dr.  Lawrence,  412,  479, 
546,  830,  831,  907,  1029,  1056. 

Boleyn,  Amata,  882  ;  Queen  Anne,  882. 

Bolingbroke,  Viscounts,  989. 

BoUes,  Anne,  1004 ;  Sir  George,  214,  257, 
387,  388,  557,  591,  686,  auto.,  831, 914, 
1004. 

BoUing,  Alexander,  816 ;  Thomas,  816. 

Bolton,  Capt.  Thomas,  6. 

Bond,  Anne,  906,  10-52 ;  Sir  George,  831  ; 
Martin,  haberdasher,  217.  8t»3,  831. 
1052  ;  Thomas.  802,  803,  831  ;  AViUiara. 
831,  906;  WiUiam,  Esq.,  831 ;  William, 
merchant-tailor,  303  ;  Sir  William,  496, 
831. 

Bone,  George,  894. 

Ronham,  Thomas,  831;  William,  215, 
4C9,  831. 


Bonnyvale,  Samuel,  merchant-tailor,  304. 

"  Booke  called  ye  Lotterie,"  571 ; 
"  booke  or  thinge,"  etc.,  538;  books, 
24,  72,  576,  007,  778,  1051.  See  Sta- 
tioners' Company. 

Bookkeeper  of  the  Virginia  Company 
(1609-1()),  vii.  viii.  (Name  unknown ; 
but  Valentine  Markhum  held  the  office 
in  1619,  and  probably  before  that 
date.) 

Boothby,  Thomas,  merchant-tailor,  303. 

Boris-GodrunofF,  "  Caisar,"  of  Russia 
(1598-1605),  1012,  1013. 

Borlace,  Borlase,  Burlacie,  Dr.  Edmund, 
author,  831 ;  Sir  John,  212,  831. 

Borough,  Borowgh,  Boroughs,  Burgh, 
etc.,  Henry,  925 ;  Sir  John,  21,  22,  831, 
925,  956 ;  Capt.  John  (Brough),  803, 
834;  John,  929;  Stephen  (Borowgh), 
831;  WiUiam  Lord,  831,  925;  Wil- 
liam, author,  etc  ,  11,  831,  832. 

Boston,  Mass.,  781,  1029,  1030,  1036. 

"  Boston  Daily  Advertiser,"  730. 

Boston  Harbor,  460. 

Bosville,  Nicholas,  merchant-tailor,  304. 

Boteler.     See  Butler. 

Botero,  Italian,  932. 

Boughton,  Francis,  958 ;  Rachel,  958. 

Boulaye,  Monsieur  la,  French,  724. 

Boulstrode,  or  Bulstrode,  Sir  William, 
466,  544,  629,  630,  832. 

Bourchier,  Anthony,  888,  1012  ;  Lady  Ce- 
cilia, 9(56 ;  Elizabeth,  998  ;  Sir  Henry, 
1027 ;  Sir  James,  998 ;  John,  2d  Earl  of 
Bath,  966;  Sir  John,  4(5(5,  .543,  832, 
999;  Mary,  888,  1012;  Thomas,  998-; 
William,  Earl  of  Bath,  796,  832. 

Bourke,  Burke,  Burgh,  Richard,  Earl  of 
Clanricard,  542,  832,  1041. 

Bourne,  David,  219,  469,  832 ;  Nicholas, 
stationer,  767,  832,  837, 1059;  Richard, 
grocer,  591,  687 ;  Ruben,  548,  832 ; 
William,  author,  925,  926,  1006. 

Bourne's  (H.  R.  Fox)  "  Famous  London 
Merchants,"  310,  985. 

Bowden,  Martyn.  merchant-tailor,  305. 

Bowdler,  Richard,  390. 

Bowes,  Sir  Jerome,  914. 

Bows,  156,  158,  100-163,  396,  520. 

Bowyer,  Anne,  912 ;  Sir  Edmund,  466, 
.544,  803,  832  ;  Francis,  832  ;  Sir  Hen- 
ry, 912  ;  Robert,  Esq.,  214,  832,  1069 ; 
Robert,  grocer,  257,  387-389,  558,  591, 
686,  832. 

Box,  William,  1009. 

Boyle,  Richard,  stationer,  293  ;  Richard, 
Earl  of  Cork,  890  ;  Hon.  Robert,  890. 

Boys.  Rev.  .John,  823. 

Brackley,  Viscount  —  Thomas  Egerton. 

Bradford,  Rev.  John,  martyr,  942,  943 ; 
Thomas,  merchant-tailor,  305. 

Bi-adley,  Rev.  Francis,  4(59,  547. 

Brand.  Benjamin,  Esq  ,  54(5,  832- 

Brandon,  or  Martin's  Brandon,  Va.,  821, 
913,  943,  944. 


1078 


INDEX. 


Brandon,  the  hangman  of  London,  1008. 

Brathwait,  Richard,  poet,  785,  832. 

Bray,  Edmund,  SHI,  1U31. 

Brayne,  Ellen,  SoO. 

Brazil,  138,  153,  671,  768,  838,  916,  029; 

"  The  Portugales  doe  inhabite  from  7° 

to  24°  So.  Lat.,"  671 ;  Baija  das  Ilhas, 

671 ;  Baija  del  Spirito  Santo,  671 ;  Baija 

de   todos    Santos,    671 ;     Fernambuck, 

671 ;  Maraynor  (Maranhao)  River,  768  ; 

Paraiba,  671 ;  Petiguoras,   671 ;   Porto 

Seguro,  671 ;    Santos,  671 ;    Sant  Vin- 

cente,  671.     See  South  America. 
Brazil,  island  of,  837  ;  wood,  146. 
Brearley,  or  Brierly,  James,  fishmonger, 

216,  280,  832. 
Bree,  John,  gent.,  221. 

Bremige  (Gamage  ?),  Mr. ,  14. 

Brereton,  John,   25,  829,  832,  833,  918, 

1009. 
Bret,    or  Brett,  Capt.  ,  852 ;  , 

965 ;  Mrs.  Anne,  965  ;  James,  824 ;  Sir 

Robert,  865 ;  Thomas,  fishmonger,  281, 

833. 
Brevoort,  James  Carson,  881. 
Brewers,  226,  353,  3.56,  470,  858,  883. 
Brewsey.     See  Prusey. 
Brewster,  Edward,  son  of  William,  224, 

407,    417;    Capt.    Edward,   492,    833; 

Edward,  stationer,  833  ;  Sackf  ord,  830  ; 

William,  167 ;  William,  214,  833. 
Brick,   492;  layers,    356,    469;   makers, 

248,  353,  356,  469 ;  making,  584 ;  men, 

4.39,  445. 
Bridges  (see  Brydges),  Bishop  John,  542, 

833. 
Briggs,  Henry,  author,   etc.,   803,    833; 

Richard,  803. 
Bright,  WilUam,  469,  547. 

Brinslv,  Capt. ,  212. 

Bristol,  England,  10,  11,  26,  53,  359,  384, 

391,  733,  780,  813,  837-839,  907,  931, 

947,   972,   973,  990,   1030-1032,  1052. 

See   Guy,    Hopkins,  James,   Whitson, 

etc. 
Bristol,  Earl  of.  —  John  Digby. 
British  Museum,   xvii,   36-38,   108,   148, 

337,  391,  524,  549,  562,  566,  733,  774, 

790,  1051. 
Britton    (Britain,    Brereton),    John,   .548, 

770,  833;  Thomas,  221,  833. 
Broadsides,   24,   248,  249,  3.i4-356,  4.39, 

445,  469,  470,  608,  761-766,  797-799, 

1025. 
Brochero,  Don  Diego  (Spaniard),  588, 592, 

833. 
Brock,  R.  A.,  xvii,  488. 
Brocket,  Thomas,  gent.,  225,  833. 
Bromfield,  Arthur,  Esq.,  77  ),  833. 
Bromlev,  Elizabeth,  809  ;  Sir  Henry,  959 ; 

Sir  Thomas,  869. 
Brond,  John,  832. 
Brook,  Brooke,  Brookes,  Alderman,  904 ; 

Alice,  825  ;  Sir  Calisthenes,  210,  833 ; 

Christopher,  Esq.,  poet,  etc,  214,  232, 


384,  467,  623-631,  692,  694,  833,  834, 
864,  1026;  Edward,  155;  Elizabeth, 
849;  Lady  Elizabeth,  869;  Francis, 
14;  Henry,  Lord  Cobham ;  26,  834, 
Port-,  80  ;  John,  merchant-tailor,  304  ; 
Sir  John,  211,  834;  John,  834 ;  Richard, 
216,  834;  Sir  Richard,  956;  Robert, 
833  ;  Sk  Robert,  869 ;  Samuel,  834 ; 
Silvester,  876 ;  William,  Lord  Cobham, 
834,  849. 

Brooke,  Lord.     See  Greville. 

Brooks,  Capt.  Christopher,  834. 

Brooker,  Hugh,  Esq.,  214,  834. 

Broomsgrave,  Mr. ,  fishmonger,  281. 

Brough,  Capt.  John,  803,  834. 

Brouncker,  Joan,  1011;  Robert,  1011. 

Brown,  Mr.   ,   of  the    Carter-Brown 

Library,  142. 

Brown,  Browne,  Anthony,  Viscount  Mon- 
tagu, 1061  ;  Christopher,  890,  901 ;  Ed- 
ward, 842  ;  Edward,  167 ;  John,  mer- 
chant-tailor," 305,  306,  834 ;  John,  N. 
Fid.  Co.,  390  ;  Mary,  1055,  1061 ;  Marv, 
901;  Matthew,  217;  Nicholas,  834; 
Richard,  930;    Richard,  6,  834,   930; 

Sir  R. ,  890  ;  Susan,  930  ;  AViUiam, 

shoemaker,  222,  834 ;  Sir  WiUiam,  210, 

834 ;  William,  poet,  1026 ;  Master , 

417 ;  Mr. ,  978. 

Browning,  John.  1005  ;  Mary,  1005. 

Brownrig,  Matthew,  80.3,  834. 

Bruce,  Christian,  847, 848 ;  Edward,  Lord, 
847 ;  Lord,  989. 

Brudenel,  or  Brudenell,  Edmund,  220, 
834;  Francis,  834. 

Bruges,  Sir  George,  1033  ;  Mary,  1033. 

Brunswick,  Duke  of,  1028. 

Brydges  (see  Bridges),  Frances,  851, 
1018;  Grav,  Lord  Chandos,  209,  231, 
834,  835,  851 ;  WiUiam,  Lord,  834,  851, 
1018. 

Buck,  Benoni.  835,  865  ;  Mara,  835  ;  Sir 
Peter,  857;  Rev.  Richard,  407,  547, 
619,  782.  835,  987. 1050. 

Buckhurst,  Lord.     See  Sackville. 

Buckingham.  Countess  of.  965. 

Buckingham.  Edward.  Duke  of.  997. 

Buckingham  (Sheffield).  Duke  of,  999. 

Buckingham.     See  Villiers. 

Buckler,  Andrew,  325. 

Buekner,  Thomas,  911. 

Budd,  W.  (tobacco),  772  ;  William,  fish- 
monger, 282. 

Budge,  John,  stationer,  595,  904. 

Budoekshead,  Winifred.  901. 

Buenos  Avres  (Venezuela  coast),  510,  512, 
524,  52.^  ;  (Plate  River).  670. 

BuiUon,  Duke  de  (French),  569,  835. 

Buisseaux.  or  Bisseaux,  Mons.  de,  French 
ambassador,  665,  677,  679,  680,  725, 
732-734,  835. 

Buley  (Balev?),  Master  John,  680. 

Bulkelev,  Katlu'rine,  835,  994  ;  Sir  Rich- 
ard, 835 ;  Sir  Richard,  803,  835,  994 ; 
Thomas,  835. 


INDEX. 


1079 


Bull.     See  Ball. 

Bull,  Dr.  John,  musician,  104 ;  Thomas, 

grocer,  2.57. 

Bullinan,  Joan,  1063  ;   Thomas,  1003. 

Bullock,  John,  Esq.,  214,  836. 

BuUs,  Papal,  xiii,  xiv,  2,  3,  7,  14,  15,  19, 
119,  201,  366,  669,  673-675,  838. 

Burbage,  James,  836  ;  Richard,  637,  836. 

Burgesses  in  Vii-ginia,  830,  835,  892,  904, 
913,  933,  943,  962,  963,  970,  971, 1000, 
1021,  1034,  1059,  1065.  See  under 
Firsts. 

Burgh  (see  Borough),  Henry,  925;  John, 
929;   William,  Lord,  831,  925. 

Burgon's  Life  of  Gresham,  7,  905. 

Burgoyne,  Nicholas  de  (Huguenot),  17, 
83();  Peter,  222,  836;  Robert,  222, 
836  ;  Thomas,  222,  836. 

Burie,  Pindle,  merchant,  501. 

Burke's  Works  (Peerage  and  Baronetage 
Extinct,  Extant,  and  Dormant ;  Land- 
ed Gentry ;  Vicissitudes  of  Families ; 
etc.),  868,  930,  935,  963,  1040,  1060. 

Burk's  History  of  Virginia,  65,  79,  170. 

Burlacie,  !Sir  John,  212,  831. 

Burlamachi,  Philip,  Dutch  merchant  and 
banker  of  London,  388,  574,  875. 

Burleigh,  or  Burghley,  Lord. — William 
Cecil. 

Burley,  Rev.  Francis,  222,  836;  Rev. 
Francis,  547. 

Burnell,  Mrs.  Barbara,  1058. 

Burnham,  Samuel,  224,  836. 

Burray,  Capt.  ,  213. 

Burre,  Walter,  stationer,  766,  772. 

Burrell,  or  Burwell,  Andrews,  836,  973 ; 
Edward,  220 ;  John,  836 ;  Ninian  (Min- 
ion), 803,  836 ;  Richard,  grocer,  557, 
561,  591,  687;  William,  469,  548,  574, 
836,  973.     See  BusseU. 

Burrough.     See  Borough. 

"  Burroughs,  Ancient,"  in  Virginia,  1025. 

Burton,  George,  218,  836. 

Burve,  Julian  (widow),  972. 

Busbridge,  John,  220,  468,  836. 

Busby,  Ralphe,  grocer,  225,  836. 

Busca.     See  Basti. 

Bushell,  Thomas,  the  Life  of,  1040. 

Bussel  (Burrel  ?),  Sarah,  1063  ;  William, 
1063. 

Buteridge,  Frauncis,  raierchant-tailor,  305. 

Butler,  or  Boteler,  George,  gent.,  228, 
836;  James,  836,  982;  John,  836; 
Capt.  Nathaniel,  governor,  author,  etc., 
797,  832,  836,  837,  863,  982,  994, 1064  ; 
Sir  Oliver,  836 ;  Samuel,  poet,  920 ; 
the  sister  of  Captain  Nathaniel,  836, 
863. 

Butter,  Nathaniel,  stationer,  128,  837, 
886,  KKil. 

Button,  Miles,  837;  Sir  Thomas,  214, 
467,  556,  667,  686,  837,  878,  901,  930, 
942,  955,  980,  982,  1013,  1058. 

Butts,  Thomas,  2,  837 ;  Sir  William,  837. 

Byleth,  Bylott,   etc.   (Blythe  ?),  Robert, 


656,  767,  T79,  822,  837,  1014,  1057, 

1058. 
ByUs.     See  BiUs. 
Byng.     See  Bing. 
Byrd,  Mary,  990 ;  Col.  William,  935,  990, 

1063 ;  Col.   William,  888 ;    the  family 

of  Virginia,  990. 
Byron  (see  Biron),  Alice,  977 ;  Sir  John, 

977. 

C,  T.,  966. 

Cabell,   Alice,    827;    N.  F.,  Esq.,  xvii ; 

Lt.-Col.  William,  xvii,  37. 
Cabot,  John  (Venetian),  2,   18,  837,  838, 

839 ;  Sebastian,  3,  672,  733,  838,  839, 

859,  1022,  Port.,  91. 
Cadiz   (Spain),    24,  (i07,  816,  817,   836, 

854,  877 ;  knighted  there,  passim. 
Cffisar,  Sir  Charles,    825,    840 ;    Sir   Ju- 
lius, author,  8,  36,  179,  677,  679,  686, 

813,  820,  821,  839-841,  939,  944,  Port., 

101;  "Dr.  Caesar  Adelmare  "  (Vene- 
tian), 839,  840,  939. 
Caesar  Papers,  36,  37. 
Cage,  Anne,  914  ;  Anthony,  914  ;  Edward, 

grocer,  222,  468,  841,  914 ;  John,  841, 

906. 
Calais,  Cales  (France),  588,  706,  723,724, 

1056. 
Calendars,  Clarendon  Papers,  18  ;   House 

of  Lords,  959. 
Calendars,  State  Papers,  Domestic,  Eliz., 

9,  10,  13,  14,  21,  1007 ;   Domestic,  Ja.s. 

L,  760 ;  Colonial,  America,  10,  12,  386, 

454,  760 ;  Colonial,  E.  I.,  8,  237,  249, 

573,  860. 
California  (Cape),  672. 
Callamata,  785,  841. 
Callaway,  Kelleway,  Kellowav,  Kelway, 

Agnes,   880;   Ann,  897;    Anne,   912; 

Mary,  856 ;  Robert,  912  ;  Sir  William, 

897. 
CallowhiU,  Christopher,  907,  1052. 
Calthorpe,    Elizabeth,   882 ;    Sir    Philip, 

882.     See  Galthorpe 
Calvert,    Cecil,   817,  842 ;   George,   Lord 

Baltimore,   214,  803,   817,  841,  auto., 

842,  942,  979,  1039,  1047,  1058,  1067, 

Port.,  111. 
Cam,  or  Came,  Master  Thomas,  27,  842  ; 

,  of  Plymouth,  34. 

Camache,  Capt.  Alphonse  (French),  758. 
Camack,     Camock,     Comock,    Thomas, 

Esq.,  857. 
Cambridge,  614. 
Camden   Society    publications,   768,  773, 

789. 
Camden,  William,  author,  31,  924,  970. 
Camoeacocke,  488. 
Camock.     See  Camack. 
Campbell,    or    Cambell,    Abigail,    812; 

Elizabeth,  997;  Sir  James,  226,  842, 

997;  .Sir  Thomas,  812,  842,  997. 
Campbell's  (Charles)  History  of  Virginia, 

43,  150,  777. 


1080 


INDEX. 


Campe,  Laurence,  draper,  222,  468,  842. 

Canada,  4G0,  664,  677,  679,  698,  732,  813, 
841,  911,  945,  946,  1048;  river  of,  532. 
See  CLVIII. 

Canadian  Government,  707 ;  Canadians, 
707. 

Canary  Islands,  128,  245,  328,  343,  345, 
456,  489,  830  ;  Veego  (Vega),  137. 

Candish.     See  Cavendish. 

Candle,  sale  by,  735. 

Candler,  Anne,  919. 

Canne,  William,  842. 

Canner,  Master  Thomas,  26. 

Canning-,  George,  842 ;  George,  Viscount, 
842 ;  Paul,  diplomat,  224,  842 ;  Rich- 
ard, 842  ;  William,  887 ;  WiUiam, 
Deputy  Treasurer,  224,  468,  756,  770, 
auto.,  842,  887,  934,  943,  982. 

Cannon,  Thomas,  gent.,  222,  842. 

Canoas,  128,  129,  152,  157,  159,  166,  644. 

Cant,  Hugo  of  Prague,  936. 

Cantauntock,  188. 

Canterbury,  Archbishop  of.  See  George 
Abbot,  and  William  Laud. 

Canterbury,  Town  of,  760,  790. 

Cantrell,  William,  gent.,  217,  842. 

Capahowasick,  188. 

Capes :  Anne,  or  Tragabigzanda,  460, 
853,  999,  1025  ;  Breton  (Briton,  etc.),  6, 
10,  11,  12,  23,  24,  322,  717,  732,  845, 
890,  897,  929  (Britton),  930,  1021, 1023, 
1040  ;  California,  672  ;  Charles,  409, 
438,  439,  459,  565,  644,  781,  877,  1013, 
1025  ;  Cod,  Malabar,  or  "  Whitson's 
hed,"  429,  431,  436,  437,  459,  460,  815, 
816,  876,  877,  902,  970,  985,  10.52; 
Comfort,  see  Comfort ;  Digges,  878 ; 
Elizabeth,  1025  ;  Feare,  459  ;  Finister, 
32 ;  Francisco,  or  San  Francisco,  881, 
917 ;  Good  Hope,  773,  973  ;  Gracias-a- 
Dios,  886 ;  Hatteras,  459 ;  Henry,  158, 
354,  401,  403,  404,  409,  414,  429,  484, 
565,  781,  1025;  Kenrick,  4.59;  La 
Warr,  438;  Lookout,  459;  Malabar, 
459 ;  Porpas,  or  Porpoise,  460  ;  S.  John, 
459;  "San  Nicolas,"  393,  394;  San 
Roman,  514 ;  Shole,  459,  Tragabig- 
zanda, 853  ;  Trafalgar,  514  ;  Whitson. 
See  Cape  Cod.     See  the  Maps. 

Capps,  William,  of  Virginia,  1056. 

Captain  of  the  John  and  Francis  (?),  739. 

Captain  of  the  Watch,  530. 

Captains,  212-214,  219,  467,  542,  547, 
775. 

Captain  -  General.  See  Thomas  West, 
Lord  De  La  Warr. 

Carayon,  R.  P.  Augnste,  475,  698-700. 

Carbery,  Earl  of. — John  Vaughan. 

Cardan,  910. 

Careless,  Thomas,  219.  See  Edward 
Wright. 

Carew,  Ann,  937 ;  Anne,  843 ;  Edward, 
221 ;  Edmund,  842  ;  Rev.  George,  842 ; 
George,  Lord,  author,  141,  143,  209, 
231,  379,  526,  736,  768,  773,  774,  789, 


828,  842,  auto.,  843,  861,  880,  898,  899, 
901,  917,  938,  956,  970,  1042,  1054, 
1055,  1066,  Port,  121 ;  Sir  George,  au- 
thor and  diplomat,  279,  843,  1069; 
Gome,  102,  192;  Katherine,  842;  Sir 
Matthew,  983 ;  Sir  Nicholas,  937 ; 
Thomas,  the  poet,  983  ;  Mr. ,  898. 

Carew  Papers,  736,  861. 

Carey,  or  Cary,  Catherine  (Knollys),935  ; 
Sir  Edward,  844  ;  Sir  George,  467,  543, 
843, 844,  979, 1043  ;  Henry,  Lord  Huns- 
don,  18,  844,  1045,  1046;  Sir  Henry, 
Viscount  Falkland,  210,  232,  466,  844, 
926,  978,  1050,  Port.,  131 ;  Sir  Henry, 
Captain,  803,  844 ;  Sir  Henry  (which  ?), 
628-630,  978,  1069 ;  Katherine,  1045  ; 
Katherine,  926,   1045,    1046;    Lucius, 

844,  954,  995;  Sir  Philip,  803,  844, 
982;  Sir  Robert,  author,  212,  844, 
1018,  Port.,  141 ;  Thomas,  843 ;  Hon. 
Thomas,  920,  1018 ;  Rev.  Dr.  Valen- 
tine, 1025. 

Caribbee  Islands,  875,  918,  982,  1058. 
Carleill,    Carlile,  Carlyle,    Carlisle,    etc., 
Master  Alexander,  16 ;  Alexander,  825, 

845,  929  ;  Alice,  825,  929;  Capt.  Chris- 
topher, author,  etc.,  8-12,  14,  16,  825, 
845,  890,  894,  896,  929,  937,  1021, 
1023,  1030,  1041,  Port.,  161. 

Carleton,  Mrs.  or  Miss,  Alice,  605,  907 ; 
Sir  Dudley,  diplomat,  etc.,  113,  114, 
179,  180,  205,  237,  509,  527,  532,  5-37, 
540,  561,  569,  590,  592,  601,  610,  634, 
654,  665,  667,  668,  686,  691,  696,  697, 
789,  819,  820,  829,  833,  8.35,  845,  848, 
863,  870-873,  878,  888,  895,  896,  917, 
941,  955,  969,  970,  981,  988,  991, 
1012,  1014-1016,  1028,  1037,  1042, 
1043,  1066,  Port.,  171 ;  Bishop  (George), 
1039. 

Carleton' s  Virginia  Papers,  879. 

Carlisle,  Earl  of.  —  James  Hay. 

Caimarden  (or  Carwarden),  Richard,  846 ; 
Richard,  Esq.,  546,  846. 

Carne,  Edward,  Esq.,  546,  845  ;  William, 
845. 

Carolina,  5,  17,  818,  828,  860,  919,  1036. 

Caron,  Sir  Noel  de,  Dutch  ambassador, 
89,  440,  845,  846,  872. 

Carpenter,  Abraham,  803,  846 ;  Alice, 
846 ;  Thomas,  215,  846 ;  William,  224, 
846. 

Carpenters  sent  to  Virginia,  84,  203,  248, 
353,  355,  439,  445,  470,  491,  520,  642, 
799  ;   Carpenters'  Company,  227,  858. 

Carr.  or  Carre,  Sir  Edward,  543,  846  ; 
Lady  Elianor,  467,  542  ;  Robert.  Earl 
of  S'omerset,  677-679,  684,  820,  846, 
865,  915,  928,  951,  1039. 

Carril,  or  Can-yll,  ,  935. 

Carte,  the  historian,  986. 

Carter,  Christopher,  1043 ;  Francis  (see 
Beadle),  548,  846,  958,  975,  1011; 
James,  913, 914  ;  Randall,  or  Randolph, 
217,468,  846;  M. ,  2. 


INDEX. 


1081 


Carter-Brown    Library,    142,    181,   242, 

280,  284,  2U5,  81:3,  323,  337,  428,  478, 

53(t,  5o8,  OOO,  (512,  621,  746,  790,  791. 

Carthagena    (South   America),    16,   510- 

512,  524,  525,  671,  675,  71)2,  828,  905. 

Cartier,  Jacques  (French),  10. 

Cartwright,  Abraham,  220,  468,  770,  846, 

1036 ;   Frances,  846,  1036. 
Carvil,  or  Carril,  John,  220,  846. 
Carwarden.     ISee  Camiarden. 

Carwardine, ,  846. 

Cary.     See  Carey. 

Gary  11,  (see  Carrill),  935. 

Casas,  Bartholeme  de  las  (Spaniard),  673. 
Casaubon  (Swiss),  970. 
Cashier  of  the  Virginia  Company,  viii. 
Cassen,     Casson,     Cason,     Allen,     220 ; 
George,    169;    John,    221,   469,    846, 
982. 
Castelyn,  Edward,  4;  John,  11. 
Castillon,  Barbara,   923 ;    John   Baptist, 

923. 
Castle,  John,  862  ;  Roger,  904. 
Castles  in  Spain,  971- 
Castles  in  the  air,  575. 
Caswell,  Richard,  210,  468,  770,  846. 
"  Catalina,  Madama,"  173,  176,  177. 
Cater,  or  Catto,  William,  220,  846. 
Cates'   Die.  of  General  Biography,  856, 

938. 
Catesby,  gunpowder  conspirator,  817. 
Cathaia,  or  Cathay  (China  and  East  Tar- 
tars), 5,  21,  90,"  924,  949.     See  China. 
Cathohe  Church,  244,  266, 324,  375  ;  men, 
476;  Catholics,  736,  1037,    1055.     See 
Romanism. 
Cattle,  sent   to  Virginia,  164.  176,  323, 
3.32,  454,  4S1,  4S',),  491-493,  .506,  .520, 
618,  627,  042,  047,  660,  762,  775,  797, 
873,  900, 921, 1059  ;  Cattle  house  in  Vir- 
ginia, 492;  cows,  130,  491,  520;  kine, 
461,  462,  474,  481,  482,  586,  642,  776. 
Caus,  Solomon  de  (Huguenot),  102.5. 
Cavady,  John,  grocer,  225. 
Cavendish,  Anne,  848 ;    Master   George, 
16 ;  !Mr.   Henry,   847  ;  Mary,  Countess 
of  Shrewsbury  (see  Talbot),  542,   846, 
1030 ;  Capt.   Thomas,   author,  etc.,  14, 
18,  21,  671,  840,  843,844,846,  882,  890, 
1046,  Port..  181 ;  sister  to  Capt.  Thomas, 
882  ;  Sir  William,  846,  847 ;  William, 
Lord,  542,  748,  755,  770.  846.  847,  944, 
1(J30,  Port.,  201 ;  Sir  William,  549, 847, 
848, 1016,  1069. 
Caxton,  William,  mercer,  858. 
Cazimir,  John,  "  Duke  of  Bavier,"  1002. 
Cecil,  Lady  Anne.  829  ;  Anne,  1002, 1038 ; 
Dorothy,  813,  851  ;  Sir  Edward,  author, 
etc.,  210,  231,  384,  466,  474,  528,  529, 
803,  848,  849,  851,  882,  901,  927,  1069, 
Port.,  211;    Elizabeth,   851;    Frances, 
851,   10;34;  Mary.  851,  876;    Richard, 
851 ;  Robert,  Earl  of  Salisbury,  vii,  90, 
98,  111,  114,  115,  119,  122,  123,  143, 
145,  148,  200,  207,  209,  278,  307,  320, 


325,  326,  3.34,  356,  357,  400,  413,  444, 
447,  448,  450,  4.54,  472,  476,  501-.508, 
522,  527,  530-S532,  530,  539,  556,  569, 
807,  820,  841,  849,  auto.,  850,  851,  852, 
860,  862,  864,  869,  894,  902,  905,  931, 
941,  948,  955,  968,  970,  977,  990,  10.54, 
1067,  Port.,  221 ;  Thomas,  851 ;  Thom- 
as. Earl  of  Exeter,  206,  209,  231,  686, 
813,  84^,  850,  851.  874,  876,  882,  1018, 
1034,  Port.,  231 ;  William,  Lord  Roos, 
851,  936,  938,  970;  William,  Lord 
Cranborne,  179.  388,  542,  849,  851, 
1009;  Capt.  William,  16,  851,  882; 
William,  Lord  Burghley.  author,  etc., 
4^7,  9,  21,  819,  849,  850,  851,  859,  883, 
936,  1002,  10;38,  Port.,  241. 
Cedar  (wood),  87,  107,  157,  162,  164,  166, 

423,  .587,  754. 
Ceely  (see  Seely),  Christopher,  998 ;  Capt. 

Thomas,  998. 
Cellini,  Italian  sculptor,  etc.,  909. 
Cervantes,  Spanish  author,  926,  938. 
Chaderton,  or  Chatterton,  Elizabeth,  852  ; 
Rev.  Dr.  Lawrence,  a  translator  of  the 
Bible,  etc.,  803,  852,  1050. 
Challeux  (Huguenot),  5. 
Challons,  Chalinge,  Challoner,  Chalonour, 
etc.,  Capt.  Henry,  64,  95,  96,  98,  99, 
101,  119,  122,  127,  131-134,  137,  148, 
183,  758,  830. 
Chaloner,  Sir  Thomas,   the  elder,  852; 
Sir  Thomas,  author,  etc.,  93,  173,  210, 
232,  657,  852,  1017,  Port.,  251. 
Chalmers,  George,  lOl ;  Introduction,  etc., 
777  ;   Political  Annals  of  Virginia,  360. 
Chamberlain,    The    Lord.      See   Thomas 

Howard,  Earl  of  Suffolk. 
Chamberlain.    Chamberlaine,    Chamber- 
layne,  Abraham  (Huguenot),  215,  388, 
468,  574,   770,    852,   982;    Elizabeth, 
1023  ;  George,  468,  547,  770,  852,  853, 
948  ;  Henry,  876 ;  John,  letter  writer, 
etc.,  104,  111,  179,  180,  205,  237,  509, 
527,  532,  537,  540,  .509,  570,  605,  610, 
654,  665,  667,  686,  691,  696,  697,  789, 
820,  833,  835,  848,  849,  853,  a54,  863, 
878,  888,  907,  914,  917,  930,  941,  944, 
948,  955,  965, 970,  988,  991,  1012,  1014- 
1016, 1023, 1028, 1030, 1037,  1042, 1043, 
1066,    1067;    Judith,  876;    Dr.    Peter 
(Huguenot),  852  ;    Richard,  the  elder, 
839,   8.53,   1023;    Richard,    215,    468; 
Richard,  .547  ;  Richard  (which  ?),  594, 
748,  770,  796,  853  ;  Robert.  803,  853. 
Chambers,  George,  fishmonger,  281,  852. 
Chambers,  the  historian,  974. 
Champernon,    Champernoune,    etc..    Sir 
Arthur,  91>8;   Elizabeth,  998;  Gawen, 
991  ;    Katherine,    890,   898 ;    Richard, 
969 ;  Ursula,  991. 
Champion,  Richard,  217,  853. 
Champlaine,  Samuel  de,  French  explorer, 

etc.,  27,  457,  459,  676,  720,  853. 
Champneys,    Catherine,    994 ;    Richard, 
994. 


1082 


INDEX. 


Chanco,  an  Indian,  971. 
Chandler,  George,  224,  853. 
Chandos,  Lord.     See  Brydges. 
Chandose,  Old  Lady,  1002,  1045. 
Chanoyes,  Shanois,  785,  853. 
Chanter's  Literary  History  of   Barnsta- 
ple, 17. 
Chapman,  Edmond,  914;    George,  poet, 
29-31,  594,  604,  853,  864,  1026,  1038 ; 
Jane,  814 ;  Richard,  966. 
Charatza,  Trazabigzanda,  785,  853. 
Charlemont's,  Lord,  Library,  420. 
Charles   Eramannel    I.  of   Savoy    (1580- 

1630),  829.  885,  977,  980. 
Charles  I.  of  Spain,  or  Emperor  Charles 
V.  (1519-1556),  49,  074,  838,  839,  853, 
953,  966. 
Charles,  Prince.     See  Charles  Stuart. 
Charles  City,   Va.,   913,   933,   940,   962, 

1005,  1011,  1025. 
Charles  City  County,  Va.,  1025,  1068. 
Charles  Fort,  Va.,  490-492,  503, 583,  660, 

751,  795. 
Charles  Hundred,  Va.,  873,  933. 
Charles  River,  Mass.,  1025. 
Charlestown,  Mass.,  483. 
Charters,  or  Letters  Patents,  for  discov- 
ery, etc.,  2,  3,  8,  9,  12-14,  20 ;    first 
Virginia,  v,  vi,  vii,  32,  46-63,  65,  88, 
102,  113,  192,  207,  208,  229,  230,  234- 
236,  407,  689-690,  731-733,  775,  779, 
1026,  1055 ;    second  Virginia,  or  first 
special  to  the  London  Company  of  Vir- 
ginia, vii,  viii,  199,  200,  20;5-237,  239, 
261,  etc.,  272,  273,  309,  316,  332,  376- 
381,  407,  623,  624,  689,  690,  731-733, 
775,  779,  802,  1026  ;  third  Virginia,  or 
second  special  to  the  London  Company 
of  Virginia,  vii,  viii,  538,  540-553,  599, 
624,  625,  045,  689,  690,  731-733,  779, 
796, 802, 1026 ;  patent  asked  for  by  Lord 
ArundeU  of  Wardour,  198,  244;  East 
India  Compauv,  25,  310,  1026;  New- 
foundland Company,  390,  391,   1026; 
North   West  Passage    Company,   573, 
574,  1026  ;   Russia,   or  Muscovy  Com- 
pany, 3,  609,  610, 1026  ;  Irish  Company, 
611,  1026;  Harcourt,  or  Guiana  Com- 
pany, 657,  1026  ;  Bermudas,  or  Somers 
Islands  Company,  748,  755,  770,  771, 
1026;   preparing  a  new  Charter,  993; 
Dutch  Charters.  680,  745,  746  ;  French 
Charters,  40.  534,  713,  717.     See  New 
England,  and  Petitions. 
Charts  (see  Maps),  151, 184^190,  324,  521, 

83S. 
Chatfield,  James,  216. 
Chatterton.     See  Chaderton. 
Chaucer,  Geoffrey,  poet,  8S1. 
Cheeke,  or  Cheke,  Sir  Hatton,  212,  853; 
Henry,  8."'>3 ;  Sir  John,  8.50,  851,  8.53; 
Mary,  850,  851 ;  Peter,  850  ;  Sir  Thom- 
as, 797,  853,  979,  980,  982. 
Chemesford  (Chelmsford),  114. 
Cheney,  John,  814, 


Chening,  Robert,  yeoman,  228. 

Cherry,   Elizabeth,   854 ;    Frances,    854, 

948;    Sir  Francis  (Huguenot),  26,  853, 

854,    948;    Margaret,   854;     Rebecca, 

854. 

Cherry  Island,  26,  76,  609,  859,  883,  988, 

1013. 
Chesapeake  Bay,  18,  19,  26,  27,  81,  189, 
458,  583,  651,  815,  947,  948,  957,  967, 
971,  976,  10.58;  Chesepian  Bay,  896; 
Chesapioc  Bay,  156,  15S,  403;  Chese- 
piock  Bay,  clviii ;  Chessiopiock,  341, 
567 ;  "  Bay  of  Virginia,"  514,  515,  517, 
519;  "Our  Bay,"  489,  493,  ,508,  641, 
644,  1008;  Axacan,  or  Xacan,  488, 
515,  517,  518,  947  ;  Saint  Maries,  or 
Santa  Maria,  650.  See  the  Maps. 
Chescheak,  58.5. 

Chester,   Capt.  ,  830  ;    Colonel , 

319;  William,  803,  854;  Sir  William, 
4,  825,  854. 
Chicheley,   Clement,    226,   854;    Henry, 

archbishop,  1017  ;  Sir  Robert,  1017. 
Chichester,  Capt.   Arthur,  23,  854,  860, 

901,  989. 
Chichester,  Mayor,  etc.,  of,  547. 
Child,    Childe,    Chiles,    Alexander,    548, 
854 ;  Alexander,  220,  854 ;  Capt.  Alex- 
ander, 854. 
Chili,  573,  670,  671 :  —  Angol,  Coquirabo, 
Isle  of  Santa  Maria,  La  Imperial,  Pen- 
co,  Sant  Jago,  Villa  del  lago,  Villarica, 
670,  671. 
China,  13,  27,  89,  90,  102,  146,  272,  573, 
574,  859,  918,  949  ;  dishes,   1013 ;  Chi- 
nese, 396,  873.    See  Cathay. 
Chippenham,  384. 
Chiswiek  Press,  483. 
Choapoke,  an  Indian,  585. 
Christ,  276,  284,  286  ;  Christendom,  264, 
276,    315 ;    Christian    Conmionwealth, 
775  ;  Christianity,  673  ;  Christian  mind, 
744  ;  Christian  plantation,  51,  290,  614, 
615,   630,   762,   797;    Christian    Reli- 
gion, 53,   67,   68,    74,    236,  237,  301, 
339,  449,  626,  890,  985,  1027  ;    Chris- 
tians, 507,  671,  793,  795.     See  Protest- 
antism. 
Christian  IV.   of  Denmark  (1588-1648), 

39,  854,  915,  941,  965,  985,  986. 
Christiansen,  Hendrick  (Dutch),  816. 
Christina,  Queen  of  Sweden  (1633-1654), 

98(5. 
Chronicles  (Howes,  Stow,  etc.),  393,  461, 

473,  474,  557,  508,  571,  748-756,  773. 
Chronological  list,  etc.,  1-28. 
Chudley  (or  Chudleigh),  Elizabeth,  897 ; 
George,  804,  854 ;  John,  854  ;  Sir  Rich- 
ard, 897. 
Church,  Thomas,   draper,  223,  468,  770, 

854. 
Church  of  England.     See  Protestantism. 
Chute,  Sir  George,  545,  854  ;  Sir  Walter, 

467,  544,  628,  630,  854,  1069. 
Cinque  ports,  xvii,  1042,  1066. 


INDEX. 


1083 


Cipher,  Letters  in  (see  Deciphered  Let- 
ters), 4. J,  88,  Go  1,008. 

Circular  letters,  252,  253,  685,  686,  688, 
TOO,  761. 

Ciriza,  M.  Juan  de  (Spaniard),  100,  101, 
9U0. 

Cities  of  England,  TOO,  701. 

Citizens  of  London,  408,  409,  547,  548, 
571. 

City  Companies  of  London,  xvii,  220,  227, 
2.J0-254,  401),  Oil,  084-080,  688,761; 
Records  of,  254,  257,  258,  277-282, 
291-293,  3U2-;310,  387-390,  442,  557, 
558,  500,  501,  590-592,  686-688,  690, 
691,  757.  See  Companies,  Merchants, 
Trades,  etc. 

City  Point,  Va.,  1005,  1025.  ^ 

Claiborne,  or  Clayborne,  William,  958, 
979,  1004,  1058. 

Clanricard,  Earl  of.  —  Richard  Bourke, 
or  de  Burgh. 

Clapboard,  107,  202,  317,  385,  425,  470, 
789  ;  clapboard  men,  470. 

Clapham,  f)23. 

Clapham,  John,  gent..  222,  854. 

Clare.  Earl  of.  —  John  Holies. 

Clarendon,  Edward,  Lord,  923. 

Clarke,  Capt.  ,  213,  854;  Capt.  John, 

14;  Capt.  John,  pilot,  507,  516-523, 
527,  533,  554,  003.  007,  022,  035,  0-52, 
657-659, 663,  738,  854, 855, 888 ;  Roger, 
818. 

Classes  of  emigrants  wanted,  248,  353, 
355,  356,  439,  445,  469,  470,  549,  550, 
799. 

Clauday,  WiUiam,  221. 

Clayborne.     See  Claiborne. 

Claxton,  Thomas,  merchant-tailor,  .305. 

Cleave,  or  Clive,  Sir  Christopher,  212, 
855. 

Clemens,  Jeremiah,  105. 

Clene,  or  Cline,  Richard,  goldsmith,  228. 

Clerke,  Edward,  Esq.,  942;  Margery, 
997 ;  Robert,  stationer,  7S0,  781  ; 
Thomas,  997. 

Clerks  of  Virginia  Companies,  vii,  viii, 
72. 

Cletheroe,  or  Clitheroe,  Sir  Christopher, 
ironmonger,  220,  468,  770,  855,  1015, 
1059 ;  Henry,  855. 

Cleveland,  Duke  of,  1036. 

Clifford,  Lady  Anne,  855,  920,  988,  989 ; 
Francis,  Earl  of  Cumberland,  1045 ; 
George,  Earl  of  Cumberland,  18,  22, 
24,  844,  855,  920,  937,  951,  970,  988, 
989,  992,  104:3,  1061,  Port.,  261 ;  Lord, 
948;  Lady  Margaret,  1045;  Sir  Nich- 
olas, 882.     See  Russell-Clifford. 

Clifton,  Sir  Gervase,  979. 

Climate  of  Virginia,  175,  238,  265,  268, 
289,  313,  351,  395,  455,  481,  482,  502, 
507,  775,776,794;  air,  113,  20.5,  502, 
584 ;  cold,  648 ;  fall  (see  Harvest) ;  frost, 
175;  harvest,  401,  493,  584,018;  light- 
ning, 499 ;  rain,  499,  584 ;  snow,  175  ; 


spring,  584  ;  storms,  150  ;  summer,  584. 

640;    thunder,    499;    tradewind,    32; 

wind,  330,  343,  429,  489 ;  winter,  395, 

481,  534,  584,  586.     See  Tempest. 
Clinton,  Edward,  Earl  of  Lincoln,  4,  855, 

1002,  1045,1040;  Elizabeth,  850 ;  Lady 

Frances,  903  ;  Henry,  Earl  of  Lincoln, 

147,  209,  855. 
Clitheroe.     See  Cletheroe. 
Clobery,  Wilham,  1004. 
Clopton,  Joyce,  843  ;  William,  843. 
Cloth,  38,  115,  129,   152,  271,  272.     See 

Gardiner's  "  History  of  England,"  vol. 

ii.,  pp.  385-390 ;  and  Drapers  and  Mer- 
chant Tailors,  in  this  Index. 
Clothworkers'  Company,  of  London,  226, 

250,  277-279,  291,  812,  825,  827,  858, 

893,  898,  915,  918,  922,  958,  961,  988, 

991,  1021,  1023,  1020,  1043,1044,1053. 
Cobham,  Ann,  Lady,  833. 
Cobham,  Lord.  —  Henry  Brooke. 
Cockayne,  Sir  William,  574,  856. 
Cockington,  128. 

Cockin's,  Mr. ,  834.     See  Cokaine. 

Cocks,  Coxe,  Cocke,  Cox,  Richard  grocer, 

216,  387,  389,  5.58,  591,  856 ;  Robert, 

grocer,  224,  257,  387,  388,   557,  590, 

591,  087,  856. 
Codd,  William,  990. 
Codfish,  317,   395,  433,   482,  641,  684, 

1053. 
Codrington,  Christopher,  850  ;  Simon,  the 

elder,  850  ;  Simon,  774,  803,  856. 
Coitmore,  Rowland,  228,  856 ;   his  widow 

and  children,  856. 
Cokaine  (see  Cockayne),  Thomas,  817. 
Coke,  Sir  Edward,  author,  etc.,  vii,  677, 

818-820,  828,  851,  856,  802,  994,  P(yrt., 

491  ;  Sec'y  Sir  John,  978 ;  Capt.  John, 

213,  856. 
Coke,  or  Cooke,  Sir  William,  211,  856. 
"  Colaque  "  (Coles  ?),  Edward,  744. 
Cole,  Mr.  ,  stationer,  293  ;   Richard, 

fishmonger,  282  ;  Thomas,  905  ;  Thom- 

asine,  905  ;   WUliam,  merchant   tailor, 

.305. 
Colepeper.     See  Culpeper. 
Coligny  (Huguenot),  4,  5,  17. 
Collam,  Philip,  merchant-tailor,  304. 
College  in  Virginia,  823,  879,  890,  1005, 

1031,  1058. 
CoUes,  Mrs.  Anne.  992. 
Collet,   Hester,    819;  .John,    890;  Peter, 

819;  Stephen,  fishmonger,  282. 
Collins  (Arthur),   Peerage,  847,  850,  910, 

964. 
Collins,    Constantine,    136;    Henry,    218, 

850  ;  Richard,  stationer,  292. 
CoUymore.     See  Cullimore. 
Coloma,  Don  Carlos  (Spaniard),  900. 
Colonies,  V,  xiv,  1-3,  5,  7-28,  32,  37-40, 

42,  44,  45,   64,  795,  972,  1009,  1010, 

1013,  1020,  1041.    See  Bermudas,  New 

England,  Virginia,  etc. 
Colston,  Alice,  827  ;  Ralphe,  827. 


1084 


INDEX. 


Colthnrst,  Henry,  grocer,  225,  856,  857  ; 
Thomas,  804,  857. 

Columbo  (see  Coloma),  Spanish  ambassar 
dor  in  England. 

Columbus,  Christopher,  discoverer,  26.3, 
368,  566,  693,  838,  857,  957. 

Comber,  Mr. ,  442  ;  his  wife,  442. 

Comet,  or  "  Blazing  Starre,"  152,  910. 

Comfort:  Cape  Comfort,  157,  229,  394, 
401,  415,  xlvi ;  Comfort,  158,  207,  229, 
414,  640-642,  644,  600 ;  Point  Comfort, 
157,  207,  229,  335.  404,  407,  481,  489, 
503,  505,  507,  515,  519,  855.  See  the 
Maps. 

Commerce.     See  Trade. 

"  Commission  for  the  better  effecting,  or 
carrying  out,  the  ideas  of  the  charters 
for  planting  English  colonies  in  Vir- 
ginia," July  15,  1624  (p.  1027).  For 
the  commission,  see  Hazard's  Hist. 
Collections,  vol.  i.,  pp.  183-188.  For 
sketches  of  most  of  those  named,  see 
the  Brief  Biographies,  pp.  811-1070. 
M.  Abbott,  A.  Abdy,  S.  Argall,  R. 
Bateman,  R.  Bell,  M.  Bond,  N.  Butler, 
J.  Ctesar,  G.  Calvert,  J.  Campbell,  A. 
Cartwright,  P.  Carey,  A.  Chichester, 
E.  Conway,  T.  Coventrv,  E.  Diehfield, 
J.  Dyke,  T.  Edmondes,  R.  Edwards,  T. 
Fanshawe,  R.  Freeman,  T.  Gibbes,  F. 
Gofton,  F.  Gorges,  W.  HackwiU,  H. 
Hansford,  (M.  Hawes).  R.  Heath,  B. 
Hicks,  (P.  Jemiayne),  E  and  R.  John- 
son, R.  Killigrew,  N.  Leate,  H.  May, 
H.  and  J.  Mildmay,  G.  Mole,  C.  and 
H.  Montague,  R.  Morer,  W.  Paget,  E. 
Pallavacine,  W.  Palmer,  J.  Pory,  N. 
Rich,  Thomas  Smith,  T.  StiJes,  J.  Suck- 
ling, the  elder,  M.  Suteliffe,  R.  Wes- 
ton, (Rev.  F.  White),  G.  Wilmer,  J. 
Wolstenholme,  S  Wrote,  and  T.  Wroth. 
N.  B.  The  three  names  in  (  )  are  not 
found  in  this  work ;  they  became  mem- 
bers of  the  Va.  Co.  probably  after  1616. 

Commission  for  tobacco.  See  under  To- 
bacco. 

■Commissioners  for  dividing  the  lands,  273, 
274,  777,  778. 

'Commissions,  85,  336,  343,  345,  350,  375- 
384,  407,  417,  435,  490,  491,  557,  573, 
709,  731,  773,  798,  801,  1055. 

Committees,  Directors,  or  "Merchant 
Board"  of  the  Va.  Co.,  viii,  488,  490, 
493,  494,  652,  6.59,  661.  See  Canning, 
Caswell,  Darnelly,  Diehfield,  Gore, 
Keightley,  Morer,  W.  Palmer,  George 
Smith,  Wheatley,  and  others. 

Commodities  of  Virginia,  39,  79,  89,  113, 
205,  238,  322,  348,  349,  363,  384,  395, 
396,  410,  425,  482,  493,  494,  502,  504- 
506,  564,  587,  623,  655,  666,  691,  693, 
783,  798,  800,  801,  1026;  anniseed, 
107;  bayberries,  384;  bay  salt,  800; 
barrels,  520;  beaver  cods,  and  beaver 
skins,  385  ;  Brazil  wood,  146  ;  cavearie, 


386,  425,  783  ;  ehechinkamyne  oU.  385  ; 
chesnut  oU,  3S5  ;  cider,  237 ;  cinnamon, 
146,  155 ;  cochineal,  146,  205,  271  : 
colors  (dyes),  313 ;  coral,  395  ;  cord- 
age, 37,  340,  349,  564 ;  cotton  wool, 
154 ;  dealboards,  208,  425 ;  deerskins, 
199,  396,  520;  drugs,  314,  317,  395, 
800;  dyes,  205,  239,  317,  349,  395; 
dye-wood,  265  ;  flour,  800 ;  furs,  25, 
265,  317,  395,  425,  493,  769 ;  ginger, 
975;  gums,  107,  108,  162,  317,  642; 
hay,  492 ;  hides,  975  ;  honey,  800  ;  isin- 
glass, 386  ;  kerned  salt,  644  ;  lignum 
vitae,  824 ;  mace,  146 ;  meal,  800 ;  mid- 
ding  tobacco,  772 ;  muske,  585 ;  oat- 
meal, 409,  800;  oils,  313,  317,  385; 
otter  skins,  385  ;  peltry,  395 ;  pine  tim- 
ber, 564 ;  planks,  265,  767 ;  poccone, 
385  ;  potashes,  783  ;  rosin,  37, 110,  265, 
398 ;  sable  martin  skins,  895 ;  sarsapa- 
rilla,  385 ;  shells,  1032 ;  skins,  317, 
585;  sugarcane,  353;  sweet  oil,  317; 
train  oil,  677,  769 ;  turpentine,  265, 
268,  385 ;  venison,  86,  163,  425,  485, 
486 ;  vinegar,  268 ;  vintage,  410 ;  wain- 
scot, 205,  268,  425 ;  walnut  oil,  385 ; 
wildcat  skins,  .585 ;  wild  honey,  800 ; 
wool  (none),  38,  271.  See  City  Com- 
panies of  London,  Clapboards,  Cloth, 
Duties  for  Trading,  Fish,  Flora,  Masts, 
Minerals,  Pitch,  Roots,  Salt,  Sassafras, 
Ships,  Silk,  Soap-ashes,  Tar,  Timber, 
Tobacco,  and  Woods. 

Comock  (see  Camack),  Capt.  Thomas. 
213,  857. 

Companies :  Armourers,  227,  353,  470, 
858,  887  ;  Bakers,  248,  470,  799,  846 ; 
Barbers  -  Surgeons,  227,  858;  Basket 
makers,  227,  470,  858 ;  Bowyers,  227, 
8.58  ;  Bricklayers  (see  Tylers)  ;  Brown 
bakers,  227,  858 ;  Butchers,  227,  8-58  ; 
Cooks,  227,  799,  858;  Curriers,  227, 
8.58  ;  Cutlers,  226,  470,  823,  858,  931 ; 
Dyers,  226,  858  ;  Elbing  or  Eastland, 
859;  EngHsh  West  India,  876,  986; 
Fletchers,  227,  858;  Founders,  227, 
858;  Fruiterers,  227,  858;  Girdlers, 
227,  858  ;  Glaziers,  203,  227,  858 ;  Hud- 
son's Bay,  818 ;  Imbroyderers,  227, 
858  ;  Innholders,  227,  858,  1023 ;  Join- 
ers, 227,  353, 799,  858  ;  Leather-sellers, 

226,  858,  931 ;  Masons,  203,  227,  470, 
858  ;  Merchant  Adventurers,  859, 1026 ; 
Musicians,  227, 858 ;  Paint-stainers,  227, 
858  ;  Pewterers,  22(5,  858  ;  Plaisterers, 

227,  858  ;  Plumbers,  227,  858 ;  Poul- 
terers, 227, 858 ;  Sadlers,  227,  470, 858 ; 
Scriveners,  227,  858;  Tallow  Chan- 
dlers, 227,  846,  859,  930 ;  Tylers  and 
Bricklayers,  227,356,469,859;  Uphol- 
sters,   227,   470,  859;   Waxchandlers, 

226,  859;  Weavers,  227,  248,  859; 
White  bakers,  226, 859  ;  Woodmongers, 

227,  859 ;  Woolmen,  227,  859.  See  Af- 
rican or  Guinea,  Apothecaries,  Berniu- 


INDEX. 


1085 


das,  Blacksmiths,  Brewers,  Carpenters, 
Clothworkers,  Coopers,  Drapei-s,  E;ust 
India,  Fisbniong-ers,  French,  Gardiners, 
Goldsmiths,  Grocere,  Guiana,  Guinea 
(see  Africa),  Haberdashei's,  Iiish,  Iron- 
mongers, Massachusetts,  Mercers,  Mer- 
chant Tailors,  Muscovy  or  Russia,  New 
England,  Newfoundland,  Northwest 
Passage,  Russia  or  Muscovy,  Salters, 
Shipwrights,  Shoemakers,  Skinners, 
Somers  Islands  or  Bermudas,  Stationers, 
Trinity  House,  Turkey  or  Levant,  Turn- 
ers, Vintners,  and  Virginia,  North  and 
South.  See,  also.  Emigrants,  Mer- 
chants, City  Companies  of  London, 
Trades,  etc. 

Complaint  in  Chancery,  623-6.31. 

Complaint  against  the  French,  757,  758. 

Complaints  (of  John  Smith,  of  the  French 
and  Spaniards).  200-204,  676,670,  72."), 
730,  733, 742,  757.  See  Capt.  J.  Smith, 
France,  and  Spain. 

Compton.  Spencer,  860 ;  William,  548, 
860 ;  William  Lord,  200,  860,  1021, 

Conde,  Prince  of  (Huguenot),  6,  845,  918. 

Congress,  Library  of,  at  Washington,  D. 
C,  X,  79,  242,  323,  360,  558,  600,  612, 
874,  890,  934,  935,  1008,  1016,  1042, 
1062,  1063. 

Coningsby,  Conishie,  Connyngshy,  Cun- 
nyngsby,  Elizabeth,  827 ;  Sir  Hum- 
phrey, 827  ;  Humphrey,  Esq.,  860 ;  Sir 
Thomas,  544,  860 ;  Sir  Thomas,  .544, 
629,  630. 

Connecticut,  906,  954. 

Connock,  Richard,  Esq.,  546,  860,  1069. 

Conryo,  or  Conrv,  Don  Fray  Florencio, 
Irish  author,  etc.,  3  tO,  860. 

Constable,  Sir  John,  N.  Fid.  Co.,  390,  919. 

Constantino  the  Great,  2()1,  286. 

Constantinople  (see  Turkey),  970,  985, 
9S6. 

Contractation  House  at  Seville,  133-139, 
926. 

Convers,  John.  10.59. 

Conway,  Sir  Edward,  210,  232,  3S4,  447, 
466,  843,  860,  861,  901,  914,1031, 1036, 
1048  ;  Sir  Edward,  803,  861  ;  Edwin, 
892  ;  Sir  John,  860  ;  Lady,  861  ;  Mary, 
1031,  1032;  Capt.  Thomas,  Esq.,  546, 
861 ;  Capt.  Thomas,  213,  861 ;  the  Con- 
ways  of  Virginia,  087. 

Cooke,  Anne,  810 ;  Sir  Anthony,  819, 
848,  851;  Edward,  .548;  James  Her- 
bert, F.  S.  A.,  1006;  John,  author, 
750  ;  Mildred,  849,  851  ;  Robert,  135  ; 
Mr.  ,  stationer,  293.     See  Coke. 

Cooper,  Sir  Anthony  Ashley,  817  ;  Chris- 
topher, 18,  20  ;   Sir  John,   817  ;  John, 

220,  861 ;  Matthew,  228,  861  ;  Richard, 

221,  861 ;  Sir  Richard,  545,  862;  Rob- 
ert, 220,  862. 

Coopers  for  Virginia,  248,  .353.  356,  439, 

445,  470  ;  Coopers'  Company,  227,  8-58. 

Cope,  Sir   Anthony,    the  elder,  862  ;  Sir 


Anthony,  89,  210,  851,  862;  Edward, 
862;  Isabella,  862,  979;  Lady,  112; 
Sir  Walter,  66,  89,  92,  111,  113,  114, 
173,  179,  205,  211,  232,  318,  320,  337, 
384,  38S,  300,  465,  406,  477,  655,  656, 
748,  882,  979. 
Cope  Castle,   now  Holland   House,   179, 

862,  970. 

Copland,  Rev.  Patrick,  973. 

Copper,  30,  31,  58,  105,  130,  160,  185, 
268,  317,  340,  349,  363,  395,  481,  485, 
486, 488,  Ml ;  coyne,  426  ;  crown,  396 ; 
jewels,  153 ;  mines,  185,  395,  1020 ; 
pieces,  178  ;   vescsls,  396. 

Coppin,  Sir  George,  93,  211,  232,  427, 
465,  46(),  862  ;  Robert,  219,  862. 

Corbet,  Rev.  Richard,  poet,  1025. 

Corbin,  George,  996. 

Cordage,  37,  340,  349,  564  ;  makers,  470. 

Cordell,  Thomas,  469,  547,  862;  Wil- 
liam, 862. 

Cording,  James,  merchant-tailor,  305. 

Cordoba,  or  Cordova,  Don  Luis  de  (Span- 
iard), 683,  862. 

Cordwayners.     See  Shoemakers. 

Corea,  or  Coray,  574,  949. 

Cook  and  OiTery,  Earl  of,  844,  890. 

Corn  in  Virginia,  83,  165,  168,  176,  202, 
203,  289,  314,  403,  409,  425,  481,  482, 
485-487,  490,  492,  493,  497,  498,  502, 
504-50(),  587,  618,  640,  643,  644,  655, 
762,  776,  797,  800,  873;  fields,  160. 
See  Maize,  158,  395, 521,  648,  660,  800. 

Cornelius,  Father,  816. 

Cornelius,  John.  217,  836,  862,  863. 

Corner,  K.,  115. 

Cornewallis,  Cornwallis,  Sir  Charles,  au- 
thor and  diplomat,  98,  101,  863,  864, 
1025  ;  Frederick,  863  ;  Lord,  863  ;  Sir 
Thomas,  863 ;  Thomas  of  Maryland, 
863;  Sir  William,  the  elder  (i73  ?), 
176,  863,  874,  948;  Sir  William,  the 
younger,  poet  (176?),  544,  628,  630, 
863. 

Corney,  Bolton,  323. 

Cornwall,  138. 

Corporate  towns,  or  Corporations,  464, 
542,  547. 

Coryate,  or  Coryatt,  Rev.  George,  863 ; 
Thomas,    author,    etc.,    781,    782,   785, 

863,  864,  866.  924,  1025. 

Cosa,  or  Coosa,  Juan  de  la  (Spaniard),  8.38. 

Cotes,  Richard,  11)57. 

Cottington,  Charles,  Esq.,  865 ;  Sir  Fran- 
cis, diplomat,  472,  509,  864,  865.  Port.. 
271 ;  Philip,  864. 

Cotton,  Alleine,  468,  770,  865  ;  Edward, 
304;   Sir  Robert,  author,  etc.,  803,  804, 

864,  8tS5,  899,  941,  949,  951,  970,  Port, 
281 ;  Sir  Rowland,  212,  865  ;  Thomas, 
865 ;  William,  865  ;  Mr. ,  station- 
er, 293. 

Cotton  Manuscript,  730. 

Cough  (Cuff  ?),  Mr. ,  980. 

Councils  :    English  Privy   Council,  —  see 


1086 


INDEX. 


Privy  Council.  His  Majesties  Council 
for  Virginia  (34''  to  45°  N.  Lat.)  — see 
under  Virginia,  the  land  of.  His  Maj- 
esties Council  for  the  London  Company 
of  Virginia  —  see  under  Virginia,  the 
London  Company  of.  His  Majesties 
Council  for  the  New  England  —  see 
under  New  England.  The  Council  in 
the  First  Colony  of  Virginia — see  under 
Virginia,  the  First,  or  Southern,  Col- 
ony. The  Council  in  the  Second  Colony 
of  Virginia  —  see  under  New  England, 
or  North  Virginia.  See,  also,  Spanish 
Councils,  and  the  States  General  of  the 
United  States  of  Holland,  etc. 

Countesses,  542. 

Court  and  Society  from  Elizabeth  to 
Anne,  1004. 

Courtenay,  Courtnay,  Edward,  903  ;  Mar- 
garet, 919;  Capt.  William,  212;  Sir 
William,  919. 

Courts  of  Va.  Co.,  viii,  ix,  549,  550. 

Covell,  Francis,  215,  468,  865  ;  Margery, 
865  ;  Thomas,  770,  865,  866,  982. 

Coventry,  Elizabeth,  910 ;  Sir  Thomas, 
467,  546,  828,  837,  auto.,  866,  910,  998, 
Port,  291. 

Covert,  Sir  Walter,  .545,  866. 

Cowes,  England,  403,  413,  474,  481. 

Cowper  (see  Cooper),  Amynadab,  305 ; 
Edward,  1005. 

Cox.     See  Cocks. 

Coyse,  Roger,  Esq.,  866;  WiUiam,  215, 
467,  866. 

Coyssard,  Michael  (French),  707. 

Cradock,  Lieut. ,  782. 

Craf ord,  Edward,  919 ;  Sir  WiUiam,  919. 

Craig,  Alexander,  poet,  1026. 

Crakenthorpe,  Rev.  Richard,  author,  255, 
258,  866. 

Cranborne,  Viscount.  —  Robert  and  WU- 
liam  Cecil. 

Crane,  Jane,  888 ;  Martin,  fishmonger, 
281 ;   Richard,  888. 

Cranfield,  Sir  Lionel,  poet,  etc.,  496,  546, 
770,  796,  844,  864,  866,  867,  875,  893, 
942,  965,  994,  1063,  1069,  Port,  301 ; 
Martha,  844 ;  Martha,  1063  ;  Thomas, 
866 ;  ,  950. 

Cranmer,  Anne,  912  ;  George,  992  ;  Rob- 
ert, 912  ;  Archbishop  Thomas,  martyr, 
637,  992  ;  William,  833,  992. 

Crashaw,  Ralegh,  218,  auto.,  867;  Rich- 
ard, poet,  867  ;  Rev.  William,  author, 
214,  .360-374,  4.56,  467,  497,  583,  597, 
Oil,  612,  617,  620,  621,  835,  867,  888, 
1030 ;  "  William  Crawshaw,  an  Indian, 
baptised,"  1034. 

Craven,  William,  Earl  of,  867 ;  Sir  Wil- 
liam, 467,  543,  827,  867,  1052. 

Creeks.     See  Rivers. 

Cresuelo,  Father  (Spaniard),  260. 

Creswell,  Robert,  804,  867. 

Crew,  Anthony,  216,867;  Sir  Randolph, 
692,  694,  695,  867. 


Crichton  (Creighton),  Jesuit,  1039. 
Crisp,  Ellis,  390,  867  ;  Sir  Nicholas,  867, 

1004. 
Crito,  Guillaume  (French),  724. 
Croft,  Sir  Herbert,  author,  93,  211,  867  ; 
Rev.  Dr.  Herbert,  868 ;  Sir  James,  867, 
868. 

Croftes,  Lieut. ,  16,  868. 

Cromwell,  Elizabeth,  868 ;  Frances,  868 ; 
Frances,   981 ;    Sir   Heiury,    826,   868 ; 
Henrv,    220,    868;    Henrv,    Esq.,   467, 
546,  868 ;  Joan,   826,  868 ;  Sir  Oliver, 
93,  210,  232,  467,  803,  868,  869,  952 ; 
Oliver,  the   Protector,   813,    826,   865, 
868,  869,  892,  981,  989, 998,  1053  ;  Rob- 
ert, 868;  Thomas,  Earl  of  Essex,  be- 
headed   in    1540,   868;    "The    Crom- 
wells,"  1017. 
Crosley,   or  Crosby,  Stephen,  fishmonger, 
281;    William,  merchant  -  tailor,   216, 
304,  869. 
Cross  set  up,  158,  164,  403,  536,  703,  718. 
Crosse,  Capt.  Robert,  16,  869. 
Crouch,  Giles,  824,  929 ;  Jane,  824,  929 ; 

Sarah  929. 
Crowe.  John,  gent.,  467,  547,  869 ;  Wil- 
liam, 804,  869. 
Cruxtone,  Martha,  984. 
Cuba,  23,   128,  139,  198,  452,  510,  607, 

647,  672,  947. 
Cullimore,    Collimore,  CoUvmore,  Abra- 
ham, 804,  869 ;  James,  804,  869  ;  John, 
869. 
Culpeper,  Colepepper,  Alexander  of  Wig- 
sell,    990,    997;    Elizabeth,    authoress, 
869;  Sir  Edward,  545,  869;    Frances, 
963;  John,  Esq.,  467,  546,  869,  982; 
John,  gent.,  218;   Martin,  995;  Mercy, 
995  ;  Thomas,  Lord,  809  ;  Sir  Thomas, 
1004;   Thomas,  of  Wigsell,  Esq.,  218, 
869 ;    Thomas,    merchant-tailor,    305 ; 
William,  869. 
Culverwell,   Rev.  Ezekiel,   1050 ;  Judith, 
1017,  1050;  Nicholas,    1050;  Richard, 

1017;  Rev.  Samuel,  1050;  Miss  , 

1050. 
Cumberland,  Countesse  of,  654  ;  Earl  of, 

6.55. 
Cumberland,  Countesse   of.  —  Margaret 

Russell. 
Cumberland,  Earl  of.     See   George  Clif- 
ford. 
Cunega.     See  Zuiiiga. 
Cunningsby.     See  Coningsby. 
Curiosities  of  American  Literature,  596, 

780. 
Current:    Ocean   Current,   Gulf   Stream, 
32,  330,  34:^,  346,  354,  394,  432,  439, 
456,  518,  709. 
Currv,  Hon.  J.  L.  M.,  LL.  D.,  xvi,  43. 
Customs,  41,  234,  235,  307,  771,  801. 
Custis,   Ann,    1065 ;    John,    1065 ;  John, 

888 ;  John  Parke,  888  ;  Mary,  888. 
Cutler,  John,  869  ;  Thomas,  869  ;  Thomas. 
225,  869. 


INDEX. 


1087 


Cntts,  or  Coutts.  Sir  John,  the  elder,  865  ; 
Sir  John,  4tJ7,  54o ;  Sir  John,  the 
younger,  G'2S,  G30,  865 ;  Sir  John 
(which  ?),  803. 

Cypress  (wood),  87,  157,  162,  164,  106, 
587. 

Cyril-Lucar,  the  Patriarch  of  Constantino- 
ple (1572-1638),  986. 

Dabney,  Dawbeney,  Clement,  804,  869; 
Henry,  215,  869  ;   Oliver,  2,  869. 

Dacre,  Mary,  928 ;  Thomas  Lord,  928. 
See  Lemiard. 

Dade,  John,  merchant-tailor,  304. 

Dale.  Dorothy,  958;  "  Ladv  Dale,"  452, 
801.  870-872,  998,  1031;  Mary  (Dale, 
or  Date),  reformer,  942  ;  Mary,  984 ; 
Robert,  874  ;  Roger,  874  ;  Sir  Thomas, 
governor  of  Virginia,  etc  ,  v,  445-449, 
452-454,  461-103,  406,  474,  480,  481, 
488,  489,  494,  497,  498,  501-508,  520, 
526,  528,  529,  532,  533,  (538),  544,  549, 
569,  614,  639-641,  660,  680,  689,  710, 
717,  720,  724,  730-732,  735-737,  741- 
744,  747,  750,  751,  778,  782-7.^4,  7S9, 
790,  797,  816,  828.  855,  861,  869-874, 
auto.,  874,  888,  894,  906,  913,  917,  961, 
904,  908,  973,  998,  1031,  1050,  1005  ; 
Sir  Thomas'  brother,  871 ;  William, 
grocer,  387.  SS\),  591,  686,  687,  874; 
William,  of  Bristol,  984. 

Dale's  Gift,  Va.,  782.  _ 

Dalton,  Sir  Thomas,  853. 

Danby,  Henry,  215. 

Dandridge,  Martha,  888. 

Daniel,  Margaret,  953 ;  Ralph,  953  ;  Rich- 
ard, merchant-tailor,  305  ;  Samuel,  poet, 
etc.,  912;  ''the  Daniels  of  Virginia," 
987. 

Danvers,  Davers,  Anne,  982 ;  Sir  John,  the 
elder,  vS74;  Sir  John,  460,  790,  830, 
874,  944,  982,  985,  1042,  1069,  Port., 
311. 

Dare.     See  Dayre. 

Darkest  hour,  the,  578,  638,  639,  775, 
776. 

Darnley,  Daniel,  469,  548,  874. 

Darnley,  Lord,  930. 

Darrell,    John,    1033;    Sir    Marmaduke, 

467,  544,874;  Mary,  1033;  Mr. , 

982. 

Dartmouth,  England,  128,  205,  327,  358. 

Daston,  Mrs.  Anne,  992. 

Daunee,  ,  920. 

Dausey,  Rowley,  804,  874. 

Davers.     See  Danvers. 

Davies,    Davis,    Davys,    Capt.  ,  19.3, 

197,  329 ;  Master ,  193,  329 ;  Capt. 

James,  102,  141,  144,  145,  178,  179, 
192,  197,  401,  404,  490,  491,  508,  517, 
521,  576,  874,  1012;  Capt.  John,  au- 
thor, etc.,  12,  13,  139,  672,  825,  874, 
875,929,9.34,  991,  1032  ('•  Streights  " 
named  for  him,  009)  ;  John,  of  Here- 
ford,   poet   and   writing-master,    804 ; 


Sir  John,  poet  and  attorney-general  for 
Ireland.  212,  875,  945  ;  John,  222,  !>04, 
874;  Robert,  1012;  Master  Robert, 
102,  140,  141.  144,  192,  193,5.57,  1012; 
Sir  Thomas,  .*^75.     See  Dawes. 

Davi.son,  Mr.  Christopher,  1042 ;  Secre- 
tary, .S!i5. 

Dawber,  Edmund,  895,  896. 

Dawes,  Abraham,  gent.,  225,  468,  770, 
875  ;  Lancelot,  gent.,  228,  374,  875.  See 
Davies. 

Dawkes,  Henry,  218,  875. 

Dawson,  Edmund,  942 ;  Frances,  942  ; 
Robert,  merchant-tailor,  3iJ5  ;  Thomas, 
stationer,  748 ;  Mr. ,  stationer,  292. 

Day,  Benjamin,  fishmonger,  282 ;  Mr. 
William,  fishmonger,  281. 

Dayre,  Dare,  Ananias,  18-20;  Elyoner, 
19 ;  Virginia,  the  fii-st  Virginian,  19. 

Dean,  Deaue,  George,  875 ;  Jane,  950; 
Gen  Richard,  875 ;  Sir  Richard,  216, 
875,  95J. 

Deane,  Mr.  Charles,  LL.D.,  xvi,  114, 170, 
181,182,  190-194,  238,  596,  780;  his 
library,  181,  600,  740. 

De  Bry,  1051. 

Deciphered  Letters,  etc,  45,  88,  97,  104, 
110,  116,  118,  123,  140,  147,  172,  180, 
196-198,  243,  254,  258,  310,  324,  332, 

418,  442,  455,  525,  537,  554,  560,  572, 
593,  631,  051,  057,  658,  663,  737,  759. 

Declarations,  427,  428,  761-768  ;  Briefe, 
49,  774-779;  True  and  Sincere,  337- 
353  ;^of  March,  1614,  684,  685,  687, 
690,  761-705  ;  of  Independence,  17. 

Decker,  Dekker,  Thomas,  poet,  997, 1013. 

DeCosta,  Rev.  B.  F.,  xvii,  141,  238. 

Deerowe,  Docwra,  Dickerie,  Benjamin, 
54^,  875. 

Dedications,  242,  279,  284,  295,  323,  374, 

419,  530,  5.58,  576,  601,  612,  621,  657, 
707,  746,  748,  781,  782. 

Dee,  Dr.  John,  author,  etc.,  9,  10,  12,  13, 
874,  875,  876,  879,  897,  908,  1041, 
Port.,  321. 

Deer,  162-104,  265,  314,  395,  408,  585 ; 
skins,  199,  390,  520.     See  Venison. 

Delaun,  Abraham,  870 ;  Gideon  (Hugue- 
not), 771,876;  Judith,  870;  Dr.  Wil- 
liam, 876. 

De  La  Warr,  Lord  (1531),  1031 ;  the 
present  Earl,  496,  772,  1047 ;  Lord  (see 
Henry  and  Thomas  West). 

De  la  Warr  Bay,  327,  438,401, 641, 1048 ; 
River,  745,  877.     See  Ships. 

Delbridge,  John,  548, 770, 803,  auto.,  876, 
91)2. 

Demagogues,  271. 

Demetrius,  the  Pretender,  acting  Czar  of 
Russia,  June,  1605,  to  May,  1000, 1012. 

Denman,  Richard,  grocer,  557,  590,  687. 

Denmark,  26.  39,  203,  1024,  1027.  See 
Christian  IV.,  and  Frederick  II. 

Dennis,  Anne,  876 ;  Margaret,  870  ;  Sir 
Thomas,  876 ;  Sir  Thomas,  210,  876. 


1088 


INDEX. 


Denny,  Edward,  Lord,  542,  851,  876,  918  ; 
Edmund,  1041 ;  Honora,  918 ;  Joyce, 
1U41. 

Dent,  John,  840. 

Denton,  Alexander,  Esq.,  876 ;  Sir 
Thomas,  466,  544,  802,  876. 

Deptford,  2,  32,  1014. 

Deputy-Treasurer  of  the  Virginia  Com- 
pany, viii,  233.  See  R.  Johnson,  J. 
and  N.  Ferrar ;  recommended  for,  by 
James  I.  (p.  1027)  :  Abdy,  Bateman, 
Leate,  Offley,  and  Stiles. 

Dequester,  Matthew,  220,  468,  876. 

Derby,  Earl  of,  944,  1038. 

Dernier,  Master  (Thomas),  770,  877,  1004. 

Dernley.     See  Daniel  Darnley. 

Derricke  (a  Dutchman),  27. 

Derry,  London  Derry,  Ireland,  325,  611. 

Descriptions  of  Virginia,  16,  45, 110, 169, 
175,  189,  264,  265,  279,  289,  313,  314, 
317,  562-.568,  576,  .583-588,  597,  601, 
648,  650-652,  775,  779,  781,  782,  790. 

Desmond,  Earl  of,  843,  976. 

De  Thou,  French  historian,  970. 

De  Vere,  Prof.  M.  Scheie,  LL.  D.,  xvi, 
43,  44,  475,  524,  733. 

De  Vere.     See  Vere. 

D'Evereux,  Dorothy,  965 ;  Elizabeth, 
1063;  Penelope,  979,  1002,  1045,  1046; 
Robert,  Earl  of  Essex,  author,  etc.,  24, 
25,  819,  820,  832,  834,  835,  843,  844, 
850,  852,  856,  861,  869,  875,  877,  880, 
882,  884,  894,  896-899,  902,  917,  921, 
928,  932,  941,  944,  948,  951,  954,  955, 
960,  961,  965,  968,  969,  972,  979,  991, 
997,  1000,  1012,  1018,  1029, 1037.  1041, 
1045,  1046,  1048,  1061,  1062;  Robert 
(Jr.),  Earl  of  Essex,  928,  948;  Walter, 
Earl  of  Essex,  877,  881,  882,  1063. 

Devil,  the,  153,  169,  366,  396,  499,  517, 
578,  585,  612. 

Devils,  the  Land  of,  681,  753.  See  Ber- 
mudas. 

Devonshire,  Earl  of.  —  William  Caven- 
dish. 

Dewes,  Gerald,  852. 

D'Ewes'  Journal,  1011. 

Dewhurst,  Capt.  ,  213. 

Dexter,  Capt.  (Ralph),  213,  877. 

Dichfield,  Ditchfield,  Edward,  220,  468, 
770,  877,  982  ;  Richard,  804,  877 ;  Sara, 
877. 

Dictionary  of  National  Biography,  811, 
889. 

Digby,  a  shipwright,  192,  197. 

Digby,  Sir  George,  877  ;  Sir  John,  Earl 
of  Bristol,  diplomat,  212, 387,  509,  522, 
524,  530,  536,  539,  556,  561,  577,  588, 
590,  592,  593,  602,  606,  609,  632,  634- 
636,  656-658,  660,  662,  (567-669,  683, 
697,  820,  849,  850,  8()4,  877,  878,  901, 
951, 1023, 1068,  Port.,  331 ;  Sir  Kenelm, 
1004 ;   Lady,  697. 

Digges,  Sir  Dudley,  author,  diplomat, 
etc.,  212,  232,  384,  388,  466,  540,  546, 


558,  564,  574,  594,  748,  766,  767,  770, 
803,  840,  878,  879,  880,  895,  960,  990, 
991,  993,  1014,  1032,  Port.,  341 ;  Ed- 
ward, 879  ;  John,  Esq.,  son  of  Sir  Dud- 
ley, 546,  878,  879 ;  Leonard,  poet,  880  ; 
Margaret,  880,  960  ;  Sir  Maurice,  879  ; 
Thomas,  author,  etc.,  21,  878,  879,  880, 
960,  990  ;  Thomas,  son  of  Sir  Dudley, 
546,  878,  879. 

Digges,  his  Hundred  in  Virginia,  878, 
933. 

Digges,  his  Hand  in  the  North  Sea,  878. 

Dighte,  Mr. ,  stationer,  293. 

Dike.     See  Dyke. 

Dimmer.     See  Dernier. 

Dimmock,  Humfrey,  20. 

Dinely,  Eleanor,  884  ;  Francis,  884. 

Dingley,  John,  218,  880. 

Diplomacy,  xii,  45,  46,  691. 

Directors  of  Virginia  Company.  See  Com- 
mittees. 

Discouragements  of  the  Virginia  Com- 
pany, 363-367,  612, 615. 

Discourses,  8,  11,  152-168,  170-172,  293- 
302,  540,  564,  579-588. 

Discoveries,  1-28,  37,  39,  79,  107,  110, 
272,  307,  343,  344,  482,  609,  641,  644, 
668,  669,  672,  693,  771,  775,  780,  839, 
859,  860,  972. 

Diseases,  etc.,  of  Virginia:  Agues,  412, 
479 ;  calenture,  or  yellow  fever,  329, 
334,  342,  345  ;  contagion,  456  ;  cramp, 
479 ;  deaths  at  Jamestown,  167,  168 ; 
diseases,  333;  fevers,  167;  fluxes,  167, 

412,  479;  gout,  479;  infections,  489; 
mortality  in  Virginia,  648,  660,  662, 
1016,  1064 ;  pestilence,  405  ;  plague, 
36,  252,  329,  939;  scurvy,  479,  1059; 
sicknesses  of  the  country,  412,  617 ; 
smallpox,  179 ;  sunstroke  (Brooke's 
death  by),  155  ;  swellings,  167  ;  yellow 
fever,  329,  334,  342, 345.  See  Climate, 
Doctors,  etc. 

Distress  and  Miseries  in  Virginia,  166- 
168,  3.30,  332,  333,  335,  344,  392,  404, 

413,  417,  418,  427,  648,  657,  660,  1055 ; 
contentions,  331 ;  defailment,  463  ;  dis- 
asters, 337,  502,  776  ;  discouragements, 
36.3-367,  612,  615  ;  factions,  344 ;  fam- 
ine, 405;  "farewell  peale,"  406;  fire 
at  Jamestown,  175-177  ;  misdoers,  551 ; 
misgovernment,  617-619  ;  mutinies,  152, 
550  ;  offences,  68  ;  offenders,  70,  506  ; 
rumors,  354 ;  three  years'  disaster,  776  ; 
unruly  youths,  354.  See  Complaints, 
Diseases,  Government  in  Virginia,  Na- 
tives, Objections,  Tempests. 

Dixon,  Jean  (French),  702. 

Dobson,  Christopher,   10.53;  Jane,  10-53; 

Robert,  merchant-tailor,  304  ;  William, 

Esq.,  214,  467,  880. 
Doctors,  etc.,  212,  273,  .309,  356,  412,  469, 

542,  545,  546 ;  chirurgeons,  469,  493 ; 

phy.sicians,   273,   356.   412,   469,    837; 

surgeons,  353,  356,  799   (see  Barbers- 


INDEX. 


1089 


Surgeons'  Company,  227,  858) ;  Bathes, 
153,  154,  48U,  4><:i)  ;  blood  letting,  4T'.I ; 
lemon  juice,  10511 ;  lemons,  480  ;  raedi- 
cinable  earth,  042;  milk,  481,  lOo'J; 
oranges,  480;  physic,  41l!,  47'.',  481, 
642  ;  physical  plants,  587.  See  Ajjoth- 
ecaries,  Diseases,  etc.  See  Anthony, 
Atkins,  Bohuu,  Ciesar  Adelmare,  Cham- 
berlayne,  Dee,  Delaun,  Dunn,  Gerarde, 
Gulstone,  Harley,  Hiuton  or  Hunton, 
Hood,  Kenton,  Lodge,  Maunsell,  May- 
erne,  Paulett,  Poe,  Potts,  Turner,  Win- 
ston, and  WoodalL 

Documents,  evidence,  etc.,  v-xv,  43-45, 
250,  251,  255.  See  Table  of  Contents, 
French,  Holland,  and  Spanish  Docu- 
ments, English  State  Papers,  Records, 
Hakluyt  MS.,  Letters,  Prices,  Sermons, 
Unique,  etc. 

Documents,  etc.,  not  found,  vi-xii,45,  85, 
91,  90,  104,  106,  109,  114,  124, 140, 145, 
151,  177-179,  183,  195-200,  240,  243, 
246,  247,  320,  324,  326,  327,  333,  387, 
393,  400,  402,  461,  471,  474,  495,  497, 
509,  538,  539,  555,  556,  558,  571,  593, 
602,  632,  634,  635, 639,  656-660,  (684  ?), 
689,  730,  780,  782,  861,  879. 

Dodd,  Henry,  1030. 

Dodderidge,  Sir  John,  author,  etc.,  vii,  66, 
89,  92,  390,  467,  543,  880. 

Dominica,  128-130,  152,  346,  489,  518. 

"Doiia  Maria,"  123. 

Donation  of  Alexander  VI.,  119,  261, 366, 
669,  ()T3-675,  838.     See  Bulls. 

Donne,  George,  880  ;  John,  Jr.,  922;  Rev. 
John,  poet,  etc.,  237,  833,  864,  880, 
882,  1)12,  922,  953,  1026. 

Doomsday  (Alexander's),  758. 

Dorchester,  Viscount.  —  Dudley  Carle- 
ton. 

Dorman,  Thomas,  Esq.,  xvii,  470. 

Dormer.     See  Dei'mer. 

Dorset.  Countess  of,  1038. 

Dorset,  Earl  of.  —  Edward,  Richard,  and 
Thomas  Sackville. 

Dorset,  419. 

Dorsetshire,  325. 

Dover,  Mayor  of,  391,  547 ;  town  of,  277, 
336,  391,  570,  706,  723,  724,  768,  769, 
106(1. 

Dowghtie.  John,  N.  Fid.  Co.,  391. 

Dowland,  Robert,  1003. 

Downe,  Downes,  Anne,  853 ;  Elizabeth, 
946 ;  John,  merchant-tailor,  305,  548, 
880,  1006  ;  Margery,  853  ;  Robert,  853 ; 
William,  946. 

Downs,  The,  152,  336,  537,  680. 

Drake,  Sir  Bernard,  14,  880,  881,  10.50; 
Elizabeth,  881  ;  Francis,  881,  981  ;  Sir 
Francis,  first  English  cireumnavigater, 
etc.,  6,  9,  13,  16,  17,  19,  23,  32,  477, 
672,  (574,  675,  792,  794.  7!»5,  8;;2,  836, 
851,  880,  auto.,  881,  SS'.i,  8!  10,  SI  (It,  905, 
912,  915,  916,  934,  936,  943,  944,  976, 
977,  981,  988,  1046,  1051,  1056,  Port., 


351  ;  George,  23,  881 ;  Johanna,  880  ; 
John  of  Ashe,  880 ;  John  of  Otterton, 
880;  John,  Esq.,  .54().  803,  881,  1051; 
Robert,  880 ;  Capt.  Thomas,  15,  881. 

Drake's  Library,  420,  421,  477,  746. 

Draper,  Edwai-d,  572  ;  Sarah,  804,  881 ; 
Thomas,  Esq.,  218,  468,  881. 

Drapers'  Company  of  London,  226,  250, 
811,  824,  838,842,846,  8-54,  8.57,  865, 
883,  888,  894,  975,  988,  1004,  1050, 
1052. 

Drausfield,  Avery,  grocer,  224,  468,  881. 

Drayner,  Elizabeth,  869. 

Drayton,  Michael,  poet,  66,  864,  881,  912, 
Port.,  361. 

Drew,  John,  Esq.,  1005. 

Drewry.     See  Drury. 

Druerdent,  Philip,  224,  882, 

Drummond,  Mrs.  ,  889,  1067;  Wil- 
liam, poet,  31,  1026. 

Drucy,  Drewry,  Diana,  849,  882 ;  Sir 
Drew,  210,  882  ;  Sir  Drue,  997 ;  Eliza- 
beth, 882 ;  Fi-ances,  882  ;  Sir  Henrv, 
8S2  ;  Sir  Robert,  210,  232,  849,  882, 
997;  WiUiam,  997;  Sir  WUliam,  850, 
997  ;  Sir  William,  849. 

Dublin,  Ireland,  420. 

Duckett,  Mary,  955  ;  Stephen,  955. 

Dudley,  Ambrose,  Earl  of  Warwick,  926, 
1046 ;  Anne,  9()8,  1029 ;  Catherine, 
1045,  104ti ;  Earl,  929 ;  John,  Duke  of 
Northumberland,  104() ;  John,  Earl  of 
Northumberland,  1001 ;  John,  Esq., 
968,  1029 ;  Mary  (Sidney),  1001 ;  Rob- 
ert, Earl  of  Leicester,  4,  831,  832,  850, 
860,  876,  882,  932.  944,  964, 999,  1001- 
1003,  1023,  1040,  1045,  1046,  ia55 ;  Sir 
Robert,  author,  etc.,  23,  882,  934,  969, 
Port.,  371 ;  Hon.  Thomas,  968. 

Dugdale,  W^,  869,  1061. 

Duke,  Master  Peter,  16. 

"  Dumbirra  "  (George  Hume,  Earl  of  Dun- 
bar), 116. 

Dunbar,  Earl  of.  —  George  Hume. 

Duncombe,  Mr. ,  694,  883. 

Dunn  (see  Donne),  Sir  Daniel,  211,  390, 
883,  965 ;  Robert,  883 ;  William,  220, 
883 ;  William,  224. 

Duppa,  Bishop  (Brian),  883 ;  James, 
brewer,  228,  883  ;  Jeffery,  88:3 ;  Jeffry, 
217,  468,  883  ;   Lueretia.  "88;3. 

Durette,  Durant,  Philip  (Huguenot),  219, 
883. 

Dutch.  See  under  United  States  of  Hol- 
land and  the  Netherlands. 

Dut«h  Gap,  Va.,  1025. 

Duties  for  trading  to  Virginia,  59,  60, 
234,  235,  307,  550,  l(i26. 

Dye,  Roger,  469,  .547,  883. 

Dver,  Edward,  poet,  16,  883;  Edward, 
"Esq.,  546. 

Dyes,  205,  239,  317,  349,  395 ;  dye-wood, 
265. 

Dyke,  Dike,  John,  883 ;  John,  fishmonger, 
281,  770 ;  John,  fishmonger,  225,  auto., 


1090 


INDEX. 


883,  937,  982  ;  Thomas,  883  ;  Thomas, 
883 ;  Thomas,  468,  883. 
Dyot,  Anthony,  Esq.,  467, 546, 883 ;  Rich- 
ard, 803,  883. 

Earle,  Sir  Walter,  1069. 

Earnest,  Count  of  Nassau,  848. 

East  India,  or  East  Indies,  22,  25,  81,  90, 
91,  97,  98,  137,  139,  147,  205,  249,  311), 
313,  327,  348,  397,  667,  693,  773,  811, 
822,  827,  859,  860,  873,  956,  1023, 1026, 
1032,  1039,  1043,  10-53,  1858 ;  Land  of 
Prester,  John,  1044  ;  Agra  (Hindostan), 
842,  985 ;  calicoes,  735 ;  Camboya, 
Cambaia,  Cambay,  147,  949;  cloves, 
205  ;  coffee,  884,  949 ;  East  India  Sea, 
83  ;  East  India  School  in  Virginia,  973  ; 
Goa,  147  ;  Hydaspes  (Jhylum)  River, 
956 ;  Malabar,  873 ;  Malacca,  Straits 
of,  875;  Malagor  (Malabar?),  147; 
Masulipatam,  873,  973  ;  Mocha  (in-Ara- 
bia),  949;  Moluccas,  90,  99,  693,890; 
silk  dresses  (Chinese  ?),  396 ;  silks,  735  ; 
Surat,  842, 863,  918,  957,  973,  985 ;  Taj 
Mahal,  985;  tea,  1053;  Ternate,  98. 
See  Cathay,  China,  Corea,  Japan,  Java, 
Jehanghir  (Great  Mogul),  Pacific 
Ocean  ;  and  George  Berkeley,  Canning, 
Cavendish,  Dale,  Drake,  Joseph,  Lan- 
caster, Newport,  Parker,  Pring,  Roe, 
and  Benjamin  Wood. 

East  India  Company  of  London,  25,  64, 
77,  115,  147,  232,  237,  260,  310,  326, 
388,  472,  473,  574,  610,  680,  735,  766, 
767,  771,  773,  859,  860.  Governors  of  : 
Sir  Thomas  Campbell,  Sir  C.  Cletheroe, 
Sir  John  Hart,  Sir  William  Romney, 
Sir  Thomas  Smith,  and  Sir  John  Watts ; 
Deputy  Governors  :  Morris  Abbot,  Wil- 
liam Greenwell,  and  William  Romney ; 
Solicitor :  Robert  Bateman  ;  Treasur- 
ers :  Robert  Chamberlain,  T.  Farring- 
ton,  and  William  Harrison  ;  Surgeon  : 
John  Woodall ;  members  (see  Brief 
Biographies,  passim). 

East  India  Company  Records,  extracts 
from,  115,  237,  680,  773,  1054. 

Easterlings,  736. 

East  Greenwich,  62,  779.   See  Greenwich. 

"East  side  of  our  Bay,"  644;  eastern 
shore  of  Virginia,  896,  904,  996. 

Easton  (see  Eston),  Peter,-  the  pirate, 
1050. 

Eastward  Hoe !  29-32. 

Eaton,  Theophilus,  954. 

Ecija,  the  Spanish  pilot  of  Florida,  326. 

Eden,  Richard,  author,  3,  839,  883,  1056. 

Edgar,  Eleazar,  stationer,  282,  283. 

Edge,  Thomas,  mariner,  471 ;  Thomas, 
merchant-tailor,  305. 

Edgecombe,  Piers,  21,  883;  Sir  Richard, 
the  elder,  883  ;   Sir  Richard,  883. 

Edmondes,  Edmonds,  Clement,  author, 
etc.,  1060,  1061;  Isabella,  884,  104S ; 
Thomas,  883  ;   Sir  Thomas,  diplomat, 


etc.,  509,  603,  622,  623,  662,  677,  734, 

757,  883,  884,   1048,  1067  ;  Mrs. , 

1045. 

Edolph,  Sir  Robert,  545,  884,  997. 

Edward  IV.  of  England,  1,  1054. 

Edward  VI.  of  England.     See  Tudor. 

Edwards,  Margaret,  846;  Richard,  770, 
846,  auto.,  884, 982 ;  William,  884, 1014 ; 
Mr, ,  884. 

Edwards'  Life  of  Ralegh,  11,  21,  143, 
443,  656,  899,  969,  1035. 

Egerton,  Hon.  Mary,  937;  Sir  Richard, 
884  ;  Thomas,  884 ;  Sir  Thomas,  author, 
etc.,  vii,  viii,  85,  120,  259,  623,  676, 
679,  884,  906,  937,  Port.,  381. 

Egerton  MS.,  391. 

Egiock,  Sir  Francis,  545,  797,  834. 

Egmont,  Earl  of,  964. 

Eiatintomino  (an  Indian),  761.,  Port. ,161. 

Eld,  G.,  stationer,  604,  1042,  1061. 

Eldred,  John,  merchant,  etc.,  66,  92,  215, 
232,  388,  467,  574,  884,  885,  953,  Port., 
391 ;  Rivett,  885  ;  Walter,  merchant- 
tailor,  304,  885,  924. 

Elfrith,  Capt.  Daniel,  734,  759,  885,  886, 
980 ;  his  daughter,  886 ;  his  son,  886. 

Eliot,  Elliot,  Hugh,  2,  733  ;  Elizabeth, 
874  ;  John,  197,  576  ;  Sir  John,  the  pa- 
triot, 822  ;  Robert,  fishmonger,  282  ; 
Thomas,  874  ;  Sir  Thomas,  954. 

Elizabeth,  Princess  (I486),  1. 

Elizabeth,  Princess  (died  of  grief  1650), 
1038. 

Elizabeth,  Princess.  See  Elizabeth  Stu- 
art. 

Elizabeth,  Queen.     See  Tudor. 

Elizabeth,  Cape  (N.  E.),  1025;  City,  Va., 
867,  887,  914,  934,  956,  1025,  1034, 
1043, 1047 ;  Islands  (N.  E.),  459 ;  River 
(the  Potomac),  1025. 

Elkin,  John,  merchant,  215,  886;  Wil- 
liam, 983. 

Elkington,  Ann,  996. 

EUesmere,  Lord.  —  Thomas  Egerton. 

Elliot.     See  Eliot. 

Ellis,  Anne,  970 ;  Griffyn,  merchant-tail- 
or, 305 ;  John,  grocer,  225,  886 ;  Rob- 
ert, 970. 

Elnof,  Bartholomew,  merchant-tailor,  304. 

Eloyse,  Hanse  (Dvitch),  136. 

"  Eivas,  a  Portugall  gent  of,"  279. 

Elways,  Sir  Gervase,  1040. 

Elwyn,  Thomas,  merchant-tailor,  .305. 

Ely,  Bishop  of  (L.  Andrews),  970. 

Emigrants,  or  Planters  ("  Who  go  there 
in  person,"  272),  248,  249,  272,  273, 
352,  353,  355,  356,  369,  370,  374,  410- 
413,  439,  445,  456,  464,  469,  470,  506, 
.507,  549,  550,  775,  798-800,  805 ;  the 
first  taken  to  Virginia  by  the  ships  of 
Sir  William  Russell  and  of  the  Russia 
Company,  839,  859,  988;  Scotch-Eng- 
lish, or  Scotch-Irish,  860 ;  apotheca- 
ries, 469,  799  ;  architects,  248  ;  armor- 
ers, 353,  470;  artificers,  41,  439,  749; 


INDEX. 


1091 


sirtisans,  627,  715 ;  arts,  mechanic, 
2m,  oOl,  ;W.J;  bakers,  24S,  470,  7*.l'.>; 
basket-makers,  470 ;  bellows-makers, 
47U  ;  blacksmiths,  20;],  :i4S,  ;]."):],  r)2U  ; 
braziers  in  metal  men,  470  ;  brewera, 
8.")3,  ooC),  470;  bricklayers,  •i'>i},  400; 
brick-makers,  248,  3J3,  ;J.')(),4(J0  ;  brick- 
men,  43i),  445  ;  calkers,  4(J9  ;  children, 
249,  320 ;  chirurgeons,  409,  493 ;  clap- 
board men,  470 ;  clerks,  vii,  viii,  72  ; 
coUar-makera,  470 ;  collar-makers  for 
draught,  3.')3  ;  colliers,  3.>3  ;  colliers  for 
charcoal,  409 ;  cordage-makers,  470 ; 
cutlers,  470  ;  *diggers  up  of  roots,  203  ; 
distillers  of  aqua  vitae,  470 ;  divers, 
683 ;  divines,  356,  690 ;  doctors,  273, 
356,  412,  469  ;  draughtsmen,  780 ;  drug- 
gists, 353  ;  Dutch,  lOli,  113,  583  ;  edge- 
tool-makers,  470 ;  edgetool-makers  for 
iron  works,  469  ;  engineer's,  ()82 ;  fowl- 
ers, 353,  356,  470,  505,  799  ;  furriers, 
470;  gardiners,.  353,  356,  445,  469, 
799 ;  *glassmen,  203 ;  gunf  ounders, 
353,  356  ;  gunmakers,  470 ;  gunpowder- 
makers,  470 ;  hammermen  for  iron, 
469  ;  hempdressers,  470  ;  hempplanters, 
470 ;  house-cai-penters,  470 ;  house- 
holders, 776;  hunters,  248,  265,  505, 
648;  husbandmen,  41,  203,  445,  469, 
627 ;  iron-finers,  469 ;  iron-founders, 
469  ;  iron  men  for  f  urnasse  and  hammer, 
353,  356 ;  iron  miners,  469 ;  joyners, 
353,  799  ;  laborers,  239,  469,  mS,  693, 
799  ;  last-makers,  470  ;  leather-dress- 
ers, 470  ;  limeburners,  469 ;  masons, 
203,  470  ;  mat-makers,  470  ;  mechan- 
ics, 395  ;  metal -founders,  271 ;  metal- 
men,  248  ;  millers,  470  ;  millwrights  for 
iron  mills,  469 ;  millwrights  for  water- 
mills,  470 ;  mineralmen,  239,  353,  356, 
470;  ministers,  273,  353,  356,  469;  net- 
makers,  470;  officials,  272-274;  *out- 
casts,  520 ;  pearl-drillers,  353 ;  people 
to  exclude,  270,  271,  286,  302 ;  people 
to  send,  271,  301 ;  *people  who  go, 
456;  physicians,  273,  356,  412,  409; 
pike-makers,  470  ;  pitch-boylei"s,  353  ; 
planters,  272  ;  planters  of  sugar  cane, 
353  ;  ploughmen,  799 ;  ploughwrights, 
353,  356,  470 ;  Poles,  203,  599  ;  potters 
of  earth,  470 ;  preservers  of  the  caveary, 
353  ;  press-makers,  353  ;  rope-makei-s, 
353 ;  sadlers,  470 ;  salt-makers,  353, 
356,  470,  800,  801 ;  saltpetremen,  470  ; 
sawyers,  248,  353,  356,  4(i9;  servants, 
550,  759,  805,  1034 ;  settlers,  549,  550 ; 
ship-carpenters,  398,  469  ;  shipwrights, 
248,  271,  353,  355,  445.  460  ;  shoemak- 
ers, 248,  445,  470 ;  silk-dressers,  353 ; 
skilled  workmen,  682 ;  smiths,  355, 
439, 445,  469,  799 ;  soap-ashe-men,  353 ; 
sparmakers,  469;  spinners  of  pack- 
thread, 470 ;  spinners  of  wool,  2-18  ; 
stockmakers  for  pieces,  470  ;  sturgeon- 
*  These  references  are  to  critical  sources. 


curers.  492  ;  sturgeon-dressers,  344, 353, 
355  ;  surgeons,  353,  356,  799  ;  survey- 
ors, 457-461,  777,  778,  780;  swimmers, 
683;  swineherdes,  470;  tailors.  470; 
tanners,  445,  470;  tile-makere,  353, 
470 ;  turners,  248,  353,  356,  470  ;  up- 
houlstere  of  feathers,  470 ;  vine-dressers, 
248,  353,356  ;  vine-eroones,  410  ;  water- 
men, 4()9  ;  weavers,  248  ;  wheelwrights, 
470 ;  wives,  -143,  798 ;  women,  248, 
329,  775,  801 ;  woodcutters,  469  ;  young- 
est sons,  40 ;  Cavaliers,  1649-1658,  990. 
See  Adventurers,  Carpenters,  Coopers, 
Fishermen,  Landowners,  London  City 
Companies,  Men,  Sailors,  Virginia  Com- 
pany, Workmen,  etc.  See,  also,  the 
names  under  Virgi7iia,  the  Southern 
Colony  of. 

Emmet,  Dr.  Thomas  Addis,  xvii. 

Emmetenic,  or  Emetenic,  534,  536. 

Emry,  ,  1007. 

Encouragements,  363,  367,  368,  613,  615. 

England,  xiv,  4,  7,  37,  43,  45,  46,  50,  137, 
147,  166,  268,  288,  289,  302,  311,  354, 
358,  387,  391  (400-1070,  passim),  see 
pp.  497,  534,  561,  573,  590,  601,  632, 
640,  730,  736,  805,837,838, 1026, 1027  ; 
counties  of,  40;  western  parts  of,  51, 
128.  See  Bristol,  Dartmouth,  Dept- 
f oi-d,  Dover,  Downes,  Falmouth,  Graves- 
end,  Greenwich,  Hampton,  Ireland, 
London,  Milford  Haven,  0.\ford,  Pem- 
broke, Plymouth,  Portsmouth,  Sand- 
wich, Scotland,  Thames,  Westminster, 
and  other  places,  etc.,  mentioned  in  this 
Index  and  in  the  Brief  Biographies, 
passim. 

England,  The  Church  of.  See  Protestant- 
ism. 

England,  the  commerce,  etc.,  of.  See 
Trades. 

England,  the  government,  etc.,  of.  See 
State. 

English  speaking  people,  v,  xiv,  xvii, 
xviii,  5,  98,  126,  128,  251,  276 ;  passim. 
See  pp.  4.54,  4r55,  463,  472,  515,  51(), 
572,  607-609,  654,  793,  805,  838,  1027, 
1037;  Anglo-Saxon,  730,805. 

English  colonies  and  colonization,  5,  1.5, 
17,  32,  34,  42,  251,  255,  400,  839,  859, 
860,  1026  (see  Councils,  State,  Vir- 
ginia, New  England,  etc) ;  commerce, 
discoveries,  etc.,  251,  255,  839,  857- 
860,  102().  See  Companies,  Councils, 
Naval  Affairs,  Ships,  Trades,  etc 

English.  R.,  774. 

Ensworth.  Henry,  merchant-tailor,  .^05. 

Ephesus,  Queen  of,  5(53. 

Epicede,  An,  594,  595. 

Epistles  Dedicatorie,  284-286,  295,  296, 
611-(i20. 

Evbie.     See  Irby. 

Erisey,  Erizo,  Honor,  886 ;  James,  886 ; 
•Capt.  James,  Ki,  886,  1034;  Richard, 
88(i. 


1092 


INDEX. 


Erley,  Elizabeth,  814  ;  Richard,  814, 

Erondelle  (see  Anindell),  Peter  (Hugue- 
not), translator,  etc.,  o2'2,  548,  887. 

Errol,  Earl  of,  106ti. 

Escot,  Lieut. ,  16. 

Espeio,  Antonio  de  (Spaniard),  977. 

Esquires  in  the  Virginia  Company,  210, 
214,  218,  467,  542,  543,  546,  547,  571, 
574. 

Essay  (see  Bacon),  667,  795,  799-802. 

Essex,  England,  576 ;   Essex,  Va.,  187. 

Essex,  Earls  of.     See  Devereux. 

Essington,  John,  887  ;  William,  804,  887, 
982. 

Estmont,  George,  Esq.,  1019. 

Eston.(see  Eastou),  Peter,  the  pirate,  926. 

Estwood,  576. 

Etheridge,  George,  gent.,  221,  468,  770, 
887  ;  Joane,  929 ;  John,  929. 

Etkins,  Master  Richard,  stationer,  282, 
29:3. 

Eton,  180,  205. 

Europe,  xiv,  147,  276,  348,  463,  640,  646, 
672,  994,  1023,  1027,  1032  ;  Adriatick 
Sea,  674  ;  Almains,  607  ;  Austria,  814, 
1027  ;  Baltic  Sea,  859  ;  Belgium,  986  ; 
Bremen,  26 ;  Brussels,  537 ;  Caspian 
Sea,  83,  793,  956,  1038  ;  Cape  Fiuister, 
32  ;  Esciunent,  721 ;  Euxine  Sea,  83 ; 
Florence,  205,  271,  989;  "  Forraigne 
Nations,"  38,  39;  Genoa,  825,  977; 
Germany,  203,  314,  859,  1002,  1027, 
1048 ;  "  Grecia,"  1044 ;  Hungary,  905, 
1002 ;  Larcin  Islands,  721 ;  Lepanto, 
1024;  Mediterranean  Sea,  816,  859, 
917,  942  ;  Norway,  1050  ;  Poland,  203, 
268  (Poles  in  Virginia,  599)  ;  Prussia, 
268  (Embden,  736,  Mulheim,  978)  ;  Rat- 
isbon,  986;  Spruceland,  1050;  "Sweth- 
laud,"  202;  Turney  (Tournay).  277; 
White  Sea,  124,  839,  859,  1012.  See 
Denmark,  England,  Flanders,  France, 
Ireland,  Italy,  Rome,  Russia,  Savoy, 
Scotland,  Spain,  Turkey,  United  Neth- 
erlands, and  Venice.  Under  London, 
see  the  following  companies  :  Old  Mer- 
chant Adventurers,  Elbing,  or  East- 
land, Levant,  or  Turkey,  and  Muscovy, 
or  Ru.ssia. 
Evans,  Hugh,  215,  887;   Richard,  216, 

887 ;  William,  215,  468,  887. 
Eveleigh,    John,    Esq.,    994;    Margaret, 
994. 

Evelin,  Evelyn,  George,  887 ;  George, 
8SS;  Jane,  914;  Mrs.  Joan,  441,  442; 
John,  Esq.,  546,  887,  914;  John,  gent., 
547,  887 ;  John,  author,  etc.,  SS7,  !)01  ; 
Mountjoy,  888 ;  Rebecca,  8SS ;  Rich- 
ard, 441,  442,  887 ;  Robert,  ^<S7  ;  Rob- 
ert, 214,  440-442,  887,  888 ;  Robert's 
wife,    441,  442;    Rose,  934;    Thomas. 

934;  "  V  def,"  623,  887. 

Everard.   Capt.    Michael,    213,   888;    Sir 

Richard,  S26. 
Eversfield,  Sir  Thomas,  545,  888. 


Evidence,  vi-xii,  663,  691,  726,  755,  983, 

1016. 
Eving-ton,  Francis,  merchant- tailor,  303, 

3U7,  888. 
Ewens,  Ralph,  Esq.,  214,  467,  888. 
Ewre,    Eure,  Anne,    940 ;    Ralph,    Lord, 

209,  612,  620,  856,  806,  888  ;  William, 

Lord,  940,  992. 

"  Excellent  Lady,"  ,  416. 

Exeter,  Earls  of.     See  Cecil. 

Exeter,  Exceter,   England,  23,   53,  179, 

265. 
Exeter's,  meeting  at  the  Earl  of,  206,  850. 

See  picture  of  Burley  House  in  Viss- 

cher's  drawing  of  London. 
Exton,  John,  804,  888 ;  Nicholas,  draper, 

223,  468,  770,  888. 
Eyanoco,  Weroance  (Indian),  185. 

Factions  in  Virginia,  344  ;  in  the  Virginia 
Company  (1619-1624),  47,  57,  64, 1027, 
1063,  1064.  See  Butler,  Canning,  Ca- 
rew,  Cavendish,  Conway,  Coventry, 
Cranfield.  Danvers,  the  Ferrars,  R. 
Johnson,  Keightley,  J.  Martin,  H.  Mon- 
tague, Pory,  the  Riches,  Sackvilles,  the 
Sandys,  Sir  Thomas  Smith,  James  I., 
Wolstenholme,  Woodall,  Wriothesley, 
Wrote,  and  the  Wroths. 

Fairebrother,  William,  merchant-tailor, 
304. 

Fairfax,  Sir  Ferdinando,  999  ;  Sir  Philip, 
999  ;  Thomas,  Lord,  1038. 

Fairfax  County,  Va.,  151. 

"Fair  Geraldine,"  1046. 

Fajardo,  Don  Luys  (Spaniard),  521,  588, 
888. 

Faldo.  William,  fishmonger,  548,  888. 

"Faldoe  the  Helvetian."  490. 

Falkland,  Viscount  —  Henry  Carey. 

Falls,  Falles,  Fals,  "of  Bland,"  830; 
the  head  of  the  river,  now  Richmond, 
164,  186,  187,  201,  335,  4S],  484,  485, 
492,  498,  503,  505,  583,  751,  891,  968, 
1047,  1049. 

Falmouth,  England,  12,  124,  174,  320, 
328,  345. 

Falmouth,  Earl  of.  —  Charles  Berkeley. 

Fane.     See  Vane. 

Fane,  Lord  Mildmay,  1038. 

Fanshaw,  Fanshawe,  Lady  Anne,  author- 
ess, 914 ;  Catherine.  1058  ;  Sir  Hemy, 
211,  232,  46.5,  467,  888,  889,  914, 1012; 
Katherine,  836  ;  Lady,  179,  889  ;  Mar- 
garet, 913 ;  Mary,  8is9 :  Sir  Richard, 
poet,  etc.,  889,  914;  Robert,  913; 
Thomas,  836.  888,  913,  1012 ;  Thomas, 
889  ;    "  The  Fansbawes,"  95(5. 

Fanner,  Fermor.  George,  225,  889 ;  John, 
216,  468,  590.  889. 

Farrar.     See  Ferrar. 

Fanington,  George,  889 ;  Richard,  226, 
889  ;  Mr. ,  lOLS. 

Fauna  sent  to  Virginia:  Chickens,  408; 
cocks,   174,   800 ;    conies,   4()1  ;    dogs, 


INDEX. 


1093 


423,  489,  800 ;  tame  geese  800 ;  hens, 
174,  408,  800  ;  pigeons,  4«51,  5S(> ;  poul- 
try, 491,  571,  770;  puUen,  4G1  ;  silk- 
worms, 00:3,  OSO,  1022;  sow,  40S.  See 
Cattle,  Fowls,  Goats,  Hogs,  and  Horses. 
Fauna  of  Virginia,  5S()  -  5S7  :  adders, 
401  ;  animals  with  costly  furs,  205  ; 
apes  (?),  185 ;  ausprech,  580 ;  bears, 
104 ;  beasts,  104,  502,  585,  792,  800 ; 
beavers,  104,  385  ;  bison,  042  ;  black- 
birds, 101,  580  ;  brant,  580  ;  breeders, 
493,  505;  buffalo,  042;  calves,  130, 
481 ;  conies,  153 ;  cormorant,  580 : 
cranes,  175,  580 ;  ducks  (wild),  175, 
58t) ;  dyvere  (ducks),  5S0  ;  eagles,  586  ; 
fishing  hawks.  580;  foals  (colts),  727  ; 
foxes,  104 ;  black  and  red  foxes,  585  ; 
game,  521,  048 ;  geese  (wild),  586 ; 
bares,  265  ;  hawks,  5>>0 ;  herons,  175, 
580 ;  hunting,  205,  50"),  048 ;  lions, 
360,  585 ;  mallard  ducks,  586 ;  mon- 
kyes  (?),  185  ;  muscats,  164,585  ;  musk- 
rats,  585;  opossum  ('■  possown  "),  176, 

585  ;  otters,  164,  3S5  ;  owl,  498  ;  oxen 
(?),  642  ;  parrots,  174,  175  ;  partridges, 

586  882  ;  peacocks,  395  ;  pigs  (see 
Hogs),  170,  529,  083;  rabbits,  205; 
raccoon  ("  Rakowns  "),  585  ;  sable-mar- 
tins, 395  ;  sheldrakes,  586 ;  silkworms, 
205  ;  snakes,  401 ;  squirrels,  585  ;  squir- 
rels that  fly,  357,  586 ;  swans,  175,  395, 
586;  tortoise,  155,  176,  423,  drawing, 
CCCXLII.  ;  turkeys,  189,  586,  8(Jl) ; 
water  fowle,  586;  wildcats,  585 ;  wolves, 
585.     See  Birds,  Dder,  Fish. 

Fawcett,  Facet,  Edward,  author,  etc., 
222,  468,  770,  889,  1009. 

Fawkes,  Guy,  969. 

Felgate,  Capt.  Tobias,  889;  William, 
217,  468,  770,  889. 

Fellon,  Sir  Edward,  925 ;  Elizabeth,  925. 

Femi.     See  Venn. 

Fenne,  Robert,  854. 

Fenner,  Rev.  Dudley,  1050  ;  Joan,  1050  ; 
John,  804,  889;  Capt.  Thomas  (see 
Veunor),  16,  8<J9. 

Fenton,  Capt.  Edward,  10,  825,  840,  844, 
845,  851,  855,  881,  882,  889,  890,  901, 
926,  944,  961,  1001,  1030,  1032,  1040, 
1041  ;  Sir  Geoffrey,  889  ;   Henry,  889. 

Ferbrand,  William,  stationer,  969. 

Ferdinand  and  Isabella  of  Spain,  2,  674. 

Ferdinand  II.,  Emperor  of  Germany(1619- 
1637).  877,  927. 

Ferdinand  III.,  Emperor  of  Germany 
(1637-l(i5s).  9^6. 

Ferdinando,  Ferdinandez,  Fernandez,  Si- 
mon (a  Portuguese),  14,  IS,  890. 

Fernando  de  Noronho  Island,  941. 

Feme,  Fearne,  John,  770,  889 ;  Sir  John, 
772,  88!t,  100;). 

Ferrar,  Farrar,  Erasmus,  890 ;  John, 
890 ;  John,  author,  etc.,  797,  804,  890, 
934,  1015;  Nicholas,  890;  Rev.  Nicho- 
las, auUior,  etc.,  802,  874,889,890,  891, 


929,  934,  944.  1016,  1018,  1057,  1062, 
Fort.,  401  ;  Nicholas,  the  elder,  221, 
40S,  770,  820,  890,  891  ;  Richaid.  S90 ; 
Susanna,  Win  ;  Virginia,  890;  WiUiam, 
548,  Wto,  891,  933. 

Ferrers,  Alice,  930. 

Fetherstone,  Henrie,  stationer,  576,  891. 

Fettiplace.     See  Phettiplace. 

Feudigraphia,  359. 

Fevereham,  Karl  of  (see  Sondes),  1020. 

Field,  Henry,  891  ;  Master  Warden  Rich- 
ard, stationer,  084,  891,  913;  William, 
218,  891 ;  William,  merchant-tailor, 
304,  306. 

Fiennes,  Hon.  Charles,  981 ;  William, 
Lord  Saye  and  Sele,  886. 

Filmore,  Sir  Edward,  814,  815  ;  Sir  Rob- 
ert, author,  etc.,  815. 

Finch,  Fynch,  Anne,  1035 ;  Catherine, 
882  ;  Sir  Heneage,  803,  804,  891 ;  Sir 
Henry,  author,  etc.,  891 ;  Jane,  891  ; 
Sir  John,  891 ;  Sir  Movie,  467, 543,  891, 
996,   1035,    1045;    William,    Esq.,  8S2. 

Fine  Arts.  See  Thomas  Howard,  Earl  of 
Arundel,  Sir  Thomas  Roe,  and  Villiers. 

Fineaux,  Elizabeth,  1005  ;  Sir  John,  1005  ; 
Sir  John,  1005. 

First.  —  England  in  line  of  the  world's 
progress,  1,2;  charters  for  discovery, 
2 ;  discoverers  of  America.  See  Cabot, 
Columbus,  Vespucius,  and  Verrazano ; 
English  navy  a  distinct  service,  2 ; 
Trinity  House,  2 ;  organized  English 
company  for  discovery,  3,  839,  859, 
860;  English  pubUshed  collection  of 
voyages,  3  ;  Huguenot  Colony,  4 ;  Haw- 
kin's  voyage,  4  ;  tobacco,  potatoes,  etc., 
from  Florida  to  England  (1505),  5 ; 
Englishmen  cross  the  pi-esent  United 
States  (1568,  1509),  6  ;  the  spark  of 
156-!,  7,  947;  Auto-da- f^  in  the  New 
World  (1574),  7;  Frobisher  to  the 
Northwest  (1576),  9  ;  Drake  around  the 
world  (1577-1580),  8,  881  ;  treaty  with 
the  United  Netherlands  (1578),  9  ;  pri- 
vate letters  patent  for  an  English  col- 
ony in  America  (1578),  9  ;  letters  from 
Virginia  (August,  1585),  15,  1002, 
1041  ;  Virginian  born  (August,  1587), 
19;  charter  to  E.  I.  Co.  (1600),  25; 
public  charter  for  English  colonies  in 
America  (1606),  46-63;  English  col- 
ony established  in  America,  the  sub- 
ject of  these  volumes,  29-1070;  Doc- 
uments, Maps,  etc.,  now  first  published, 
X,  xi,  33-805,  passim ;  "  King  James 
the  first  founder  of  this  noble  work," 
52 ;  voyage  under  the  charter,  Chal- 
lons,  ()4,  127 ;  council,  06 ;  the  colo- 
nists enter  Chesapeake  Bay,  j.Py'  "5, 
1607;  James  River,  j,Pj'"s;  name  Cape 
Henry  and  set  up  a  cross  there  claim- 
ing the  land  for  King  James,  ^,^7,''  "9, 
1()07  ;  exploring  James  River,  into  "  the 
Countrey  of  Apamatica,"'  searching  for 


1094 


INDEX. 


a  suitable  seating  place,  from  May  ^\ 
to  May  2a)  they  finally  selected  the  site 
of  Jamestown,  and  landed  and  planted 
"the  seed"  there  May  2*.  1607,15(5- 
161 ;  documents  from  the  banks  of 
James  River,  106  ;  royal  infant  to  re- 
ceive Protestant  baptism  in  England, 
120 ;  interview  between  Zuiiiga  and 
James  I.  regarding  the  English  settling 
in  territory  claimed  by  Spain,  122 ; 
documents  from  the  Kennebec,  140  ; 
published  account  of  the  Virginia  col- 
ony, 181  ;  special  charter  to  Virginia 
Company  of  London,  205-237  ;  sermon 
before  the  Virginia  Company  of  Lon- 
don, 282-291  ;  maps  of  Virginia.  See 
Tyndall;  account  of  the  Virginia  col- 
ony "published  by  authority,''  3o7- 
353  ;  Govei-nor  (Gates),  345 ;  Virginia 
mentioned  in  parliament  (1584),  13,  or 
(160?),  360,  820 ;  Lord  Governor  and 
Capt.-Gen.  (De  La  Warr)  and  his  com- 
mission, 376-384,  1048 ;  news  of  the 
•wreck  on  the  Bermudas,  reached  Eng- 
land, 400 ;  booke  published  touching 
Sommer  Islands,  419  ;  voyage  to  Japan, 
472,  473 ;  tobacco  cultivated  in  Vir- 
ginia as  a  crop  by  Rolfe  (1612),  first 
shipiDed  to  England  from  Virginia 
(1613?),  639,  9^7;  potatoes  sent  to 
Bermudas,  6()3,  689 ;  silkworms  to 
Virginia,  663,  689  ;  battle  for  our  soil 
on  our  soil  at  Mount  Desert,  711,  712, 
815  ,'  land  owner,  774,  777,  856 ;  maps, 
457,  780 ;  magazine  ship,  790 ;  free  of 
Stationers'  Company,  Adams,  813 ;  re- 
corders, Archer,  814,  and  Seymour,  999  ; 
discoverer  of  a  shorter  way,  and  fishing 
voyages,  Argall,  815  ;  longitude  at  sea, 
etc.,  Baffin,  822  ;  negro  to  the  Bermu- 
das, Bargrave,  824 ;  private  planta- 
tion in  Virginia,  Bargrave,  824,  929  ; 
merchant  adventurer,  etc.,  Barnes, 
825  ;  "  The  Weekly  Newes,"  Bourne, 
832 ;  logarithms  (see  Briggs),  833 ; 
prayer  for  the  first  General  Assembly 
of  English  representatives  ' '  convent- 
ed"  in  America,  offered  up  by  the 
Rev.  Richard  Buck,  j^l,,Cl  1619,  835 ; 
idiot  born  in  Virginia,  Benoni  Buck, 
835,  865 ;  English  journalist,  Butter, 
837 ;  Governor  of  the  Irish  Company, 
Cockayne,  856  ;  chief  of  first  English 
factory  in  Japan,  Cockes,  856.  See 
Stationers'  Company,  858, 859  ;  English 
Knight  of  Troy,  Coryate,  863  ;  ships 
round  the  North  Cape  of  Europe,  take 
colonists  to  Viiginia,  Russia  Company, 
859;  Italian  horticulture,  Danvers, 
874 ;  voyage  to  East  Indies,  pilot 
Davis,  875,  Capt.  Lancaster,  936; 
penny  post,  Decroe,  875  ;  astronomer's 
stafp  of  brass,  etc..  Dee,  875  ;  Apothe- 
caries' Company,  pill-maker,  Delaun, 
87() ;   "  of  known  Englishmen  saw  the 


great  South  Sea,"  and  made  the  voy- 
age around  the  world,  Drake,  881 ; 
taught  a  dog  to  set  partridges,  Dudley. 
882  ;  coffee  to  England,  etc.,  Edwards, 
884 ;  overland  trade  with  East  India, 
Eldred,  885,  Stapers,  1023,  etc. ;  ne- 
groes to  the  colony  of  Virginia,  and 
rats  to  the  Bermudas,  Elfrith,  885,  886, 
980  ;  making  gunpowder  in  England, 
Evelin,  887  ;  breach  of  promise  ease  in 
Virginia,  Ferrar,  891,  and  Jordan,  933  ; 
edition  of  "  Venus  and  Adonis,"  Field, 
891,  and  Wriothesley,  1062;  Maryland 
Assembly,  Fleet,  892 ;  petitioner,  in- 
corporator, governor,  "laid  the  foun- 
dation of  the  present  prosperous  state 
of  the  colony,"  etc..  Gates,  894,895; 
regular  vestry  on  the  eastern  shore  of 
Virginia,  Graves,  904 ;  took  first  pri- 
vate colony  to  Virginia  (1585),  Gren- 
ville,  9(  5  ;  Virginian  bom  that  ever  -was 
hanged,  Hansford,  909;  to  detect  the 
spots  on  the  sun,  Harlot,  910;  duel 
in  Virginia,  Harrison,  913  ;  chain 
pumps,  Hawkins,  916  ;  trading  house 
at  Surat,  Hawkins,  918;  to  keep  shop 
after  knighthood,  Hicks,  9i2  ;  preacher 
on  James  River,  Hunt,  929;  private 
residence  to  receive  a  name,  Jordan, 
£33;  contest  on  charter-rights,  Martin, 
943  ;  governor  of  the  Bermudas,  More, 
953 ;  appearance  of  the  New  World  on 
the  English  stage,  More,  9.o3,  954 ; 
took  the  first  public  colony  to  Virginia, 
ambassadors  to  Persia  and  the  great 
Mogul,  Englishman  to  explore  the 
Chesapeake  Bay  and  James  River,  the 
Persian  Gulf,  and  the  river  of  Sinde, 
Newport,  157  ;  measured  a  degree  with 
approximate  accuracy,  Norwood,  959  ; 
certain  intelligence  of  the  Armada, 
Percivall,  ( 03  ;  scientific  naval  archi- 
tect, launched  the  first  three-decker, 
etc.,  Rett,  966;  fruit  of  the  English 
Church  among  the  Virginians,  Poca- 
hontas, r68 ;  Presidents  in  Virginia, 
Popham.  969,  Wingfield,  1054;  Speak- 
er of  the  first  House  of  Representatives, 
Pory,  970 ;  book  published  by  Ralegh, 
977 ;  deed  of  sale  in  Bermudas,  Rich, 
979 ;  Protestant  colony  in  Ireland, 
Ridgeway,  9''3  ;  royal  embassy  from 
England  to  India,  Roe,  9S5  ;  tobacco 
cultivated  and  Indian  married  in  Vir- 
ginia, Rolfe,  987;  expedition  to  Vir- 
ginia, Russell,  988;  clerk  of  Virginia 
Council  appointed  by,  and  English 
tragedy  written  by,  Sackville,  989; 
■who  conformed  to  the  Protestant  re- 
ligion, Archbishop  Sandys,  991  ;  regu- 
lar keeping  of  the  Commons  journals, 
Sir  Edwin  Sandys,  992  ;  speaker  of  the 
first  tlioroughly  Protestant  parliament, 
Sir  John  Baker,  997  ;  Persian  ambas- 
sador to  England,  Sherley,  1000  ;  treas- 


INDEX. 


1095 


urer  of  the  Virginia  Company  of  Lon- 
don, governor  of  the  E.  I.,  N.  W.  P., 
and  S.  I.  Companies,  Sir  Thomas  Smith, 
1013,  1014  ;  making  silk  in  England, 
Stallenge,  10'2'2  ;  postmaster-general  of 
England,  Thomas  Randolph,  1022; 
Protestant  baptismal  rites  to  a  royal 
infant  in  Great  Britain,  Hsnry  Stuart, 
1025,  in  England,  Mary  Stuart,  120; 
Charters,  etc-,  James  I.,  1020;  Cape 
Merchant,  Studley,  1028 ;  sermon  (see 
Symonds),  1029;  minister  of  Boston, 
Rev.  John  Wilson,  lOoO;  collector  of 
natural  curiosities,  Tradescant,  10o2 ; 
English  herbalist,  Turner,  10o4 ;  sur- 
veyor of  Virginia,  Tyndall,  10  55  ;  ex- 
plorer of  the  American  Indies  among 
the  Britons,  Wade,  10:50;  treasurer  of 
Harvard  College,  Herbert  Pelham, 
1045 ;  assayed  tiie  gold  ore  from  Gui- 
ana, Westwood,  104!) ;  reference  to  tea, 
Wickham,  1053  ;  "  only  member  of  the 
first  colony  mentioned  in  tlie  first  char- 
ter who  came  with  the  first  planters  to 
Virginia,"  was  first  president  of  the  first 
council  in  the  first  Englisli  colony  in 
America,  Wingfield,  1055 ;  governor 
of  Massachusetts,  Winthrop,  1055 ; 
founded  the  navy  office  in  Seething 
Lane,  London,  Winter,  11)56 ;  lemon- 
juice  prescribed  for  scurvy,  Woodall, 
1059  ;  Mercator  idea,  meridional  tables, 
etc.  (see  Wright),  KWil ;  legislature  in 
iu'lusfo,  America,  1619,  Yeardley,  10;J5 
—  among  the  first  members  were 
Thomas  Graves  (91)4),  John  Jefferson 
([H)6),  Samuel  Jordan  (9  5:]),  Capt. 
Thomas  Pawlett  (962).  John  Pory 
(970),  Capt.  William  Powell  (971), 
Walter  Shelley  (lOOD),  and  Capt.  Wil- 
liam Tucker  (1034).  See  Founders,  In- 
ventors, Mayflower  (ships),  Plymouth 
charter,  etc. 
Fish,  86,  107,  153,  155,  164,  168,  175, 
265,  289,  313,  330,  3:52,  395,  401-403, 
406,  409,  415,  425,  4:52,  43:5,  455,  493, 
502,  505,  536,  570,  585,  586,  589,  641, 
644,  648,  660,  683,  709,  738,  754,  766, 
769,  795,  917  ;  fisheries,  8,  14,  25,  902, 
985,  1060;  fishermen,  203,  248,  271, 
353,  356,  439,  445,  469,  627,  715,  799  ; 
fishing,  239,  314,  317,  342-344,  403, 
432,  4:53,  435,  436,  481,  482,  490,  504, 
521,  .536,  641,  644,  648,  666,  668,  677; 
fishing  netts,  406,  409,  58() ;  seines,  496 ; 
traps,  586  ;  weares,  403  ;  fishing  hawks, 
ausprech,  cormorant,  etc.,  586  ;  angle, 
586 ;  base,  586  ;  Britain's  Buss,  767  ; 
busses  (fishing),  767,  768;  carpe,  586; 
cask  for  sturgeon,  492 ;  crabs,  403 ; 
creafish,  587  ;  eels,  58(5 ;  flounders,  .586 ; 
hallybuts,  433 ;  herings,  586  ;  herring 
fishing  ship,  767  ;  ling,  482,  105:5 ; 
"  mare-maide,"  1050;  morses,  066; 
mussels,  157 ;    oysters,  157,  175,  330, 


403 ;  perch,  586 ;  pike,  580  ;  rockfish, 
586  ;  salmon,  395  ;  salt  -  fish,  268  ; 
"seniles  of  herings,''  586;  seafish, 
586  ;  seahorses,  iHJiy  ;  seals,  435  ;  sharks, 
68)5 ;  shelfish,  644  ;  swordfish,  153 ; 
thrasher,  153 ;  torope,  587  ;  trout,  586 ; 
turtles,  587  ;  unicorn  ("borne  of  a  sea 
unicorn "),  968.  See  Codfish,  New- 
foundland, Pearls,  Ships,  Sturgeon, 
Wluile-fishing ;  also.  Sir  Samuel  Ar- 
gall,  John  Delbridge,  etc. 

Fishmongers"  Company  of  London,  226, 
2.50,  .2.34,  280-282,  813.827,832,833, 
852,  N57,  883,  888,  892,'  893,  911,  932, 
9:5(),  954,  956,  971,  1010,  1023,  1032, 
1065. 

Fishmongers,  Hall,  picture  of.  See  Viss- 
cher's  London. 

Fishborne,  Richard,  3!)0,  548,  891. 

Fisher,  Capt.  ,  885. 

Fishermen.     See  under  Fish. 

Fitch,  Master  Matthew,  320,  891. 

Fitzalan,  Hemy,  Earl  of  Arundel,  839, 
840. 

Fitzgerald,  Elizabeth,  1045, 1046 ;  Gerald, 
1046. 

Fitzbarding,  Viscount.  See  Charles 
Berkeley. 

Fitzjames,  Alfred,  or  Aldred,  892  ;  Mas- 
ter John,  419,  891,  892. 

FitzStephen,  251. 

Fitzwilliam,  first  Lord,  892;  Walter, 
Esq.,  467,  546,  892;  Sir  William,  925, 
936. 

Flag  of  England,  633,  711. 

Flanders  (see  Spain).  183,  198,  244,  586, 
947,  103(5.  See  United  States  of  Hol- 
land and  the  Netherlands. 

Flax  (see  Silkgrass),  268,  317,  395,  492, 
493,  564. 

Fleet,  Brian,  892  ;  Catherine,  892 ;  Ed- 
ward, 892  ;  George,  892  ;  Henry.  892  ; 
John,  892  ;  Reynold,  892  ;  Sarah'  892  ; 
Thomas,  Esq.,  992;  William,  892; 
William,  gent.,  469,  547,  892. 

Fleets  for  destroving  Virginia,  126,  127, 
392,  419,  427,  539,  588,  602,  606,  607, 
609,  622,  623.  See  Spanish  Naval  af- 
fairs. 

Fleetwood,  Bridget,  1018;  Edward,  218, 
892;  Henry,  20;  Paul  (Flettewood), 
815  ;  Thomas,  1018  ;  Sir  William,  892, 
9(55  ;  Sir  William,  466,  544,  802,  888, 
892. 

Fletcher,  Jane,  1051  ;  John,  merchant, 
215,  280,  468,  770.  892  ;  Thomas,  1051. 

Flewellen,  Mawde,  1064  ;  Richard  1064. 

Flora  of  Virginia,  or  to  be  sent  to  Vir- 
ginia :  Almonds  (?),  395  ;  "  Apollos 
sacred  tree,"  87  ;  armonchiquoys 
wheat,  534 ;  artichokes  of  Jerusalem, 
800  ;  aslie  tree,  107,  587  ;  barley,  800  ; 
beans,  800:  beech,  164;  bushes,  493; 
cabbages,  587  ;  carrots.  587,  800 ; 
chechinkamyue       (chinquapin),      385 ; 


1096 


INDEX. 


cherries,  166,  800;  chesnut,  395,  425, 
799;  chickpea,  395;  coleflowers,  587; 
cotton  trees,  154;  dates  (?),  800;  fir 
trees,  317,  385,  564,  800;  flora,  176, 
587 ;  flowers,  157,  162,  937,  1032 ;  gal- 
brand,  385  ;  gennea  wheat,  158  ;  grain, 
646 ;  hops,  317 ;  hysop,  587 ;  laurel, 
87 ;  maple,  587  ;  marjoram,  587  ;  nut- 
megs (y),  146;  nuts,  395,  521;  oats, 
800;  olives  (?),  800  ;  onions,  587,  800  ; 
orchards,  249,  253,  912  ;  palraytoes 
(Bermudas),  754;  parsnips,  800  ;  pars- 
ley, 587 ;  pears,  754  ;  peas,  409,  587, 
800 ;  physieall  plants,  587 ;  plants, 
824,  844,  912,  1032 ;  radish,  800 ;  ras- 
berries,  164 ;  rice,  800  ;  rye,  403  ;  sarsa- 
paiilla,  385  ;  shrubs,  493  ;  soap-ashes 
trees,  587  ;  spices,  313  ;  suckles,  162  ; 
sugar  cane,  130,  353 ;  sweetwoods,  107, 
18U,  587,  800 ;  time,  or  tyme,  587  ;  tur- 
nips, 587,  800;  vegetables,  249,  587. 
See  Cedar,  Commodities,  Corn,  Cypress, 
Flax,  Fruits,  Gardens,  Grapes,  Hemp, 
Herbs,  Mulberries,  Oak,  Pine,  Pitch 
trees,  Sassafras,  Seeds,  Silkgrass.  Straw- 
berries, Tobacco,  Trees,  Vines,  Walnut, 
and  Wheat ;  see  also,  Henry  Carey, 
Lord  Hunsdon,  Dr.  John  Gerrard,  Lucy 
Harrington,  Nicholas  Leate,  Lobel, 
Tradescant,  Dr.  William  Turner,  George 
Viscount  Villiers,  and  Edward  Lord 
Zouch. 

Florence,  Duke  of,  205. 

Florentine,  a,  610. 

Flores.     See  Zufiiga. 

Florida,  xiv,  4,  5,  16,  17,  46,  80, 81,  100, 
128,  279,  280,  326,  393,  394,  456,  510- 
518,  524,  525,  577,  590,  709,  738,  742, 
744,  749,  792,  793,  836,  947,  948,  961, 
967,  971,  977,  978.  1020,  1023;  ac- 
counts of,  given  in  England,  4,  5,  17  ; 
Apalache,  1020  ;  Espiritu  Santo  (Tam- 
pa) Bay,  1020;  Indians,  678,  1020; 
May,  or  Mayo,  River,  792 ;  Ponce  de 
Leon,  or  Juan  Ponce  de  Leon  Bay,  947, 
967;  Saint  Augustine,  16,  513,  514, 
669,  792,  793,  947,  948,  971 ;  Saint 
Elena,  or  Helena,  17,  89,  514,  669, 
792,  793,  1020 ;  Saint  John's  Fort,  793 ; 
St.  John's  River,  4 ;  The  Martvrs,  Bay 
of,  512,  947,  9()7.  See  Huguenots, 
Spain,  etc.,  and  biographies  of  Bur- 
goyne,  Menendez,  Philip  IL,  Ribault, 
Soto,  Stewkley,  and  the  officers  of  the 
Drake-Sidney  expedition  (see  p.  I'i). 

Flory,  Capt.  -^—  (French),  711.  712,  715, 
716,  71S,  724,  72.5,  7-30,  743. 

Flower,  Flowre,  George,  167. 

Flowerdi(!u  Hundred.  962,  963. 

Flovd  (Llovd  ?),  David,  804,  892. 

Flushing,  ships  of,  772,  885,  980. 

Folkingham,  W. ,  author,  359. 

Folliot,  John,  Esq.,  9!)2. 

Force,  Peter,  242,  279,  321,  345,419,  428, 
461,  528,  530,  558,  021,  781,  879,  015. 


Ford,  Henry,  881 ;  Sir  Henry,  881 ;  John, 
dramatist,  8lSl. 

Forest,  Forrest,  Sir  Anthony,  212,  892; 
Thomas,  218,  892. 

Fortescue,    C.  ,   576  ;  Capt.   George, 

16  ;  Sir  John,  1032;  Sir  Nicholas,  1027. 

Fortifications  and  means  of  defense  for 
Virginia,  8, 107, 161,259,443,  452,  515, 
519j_575,  647,  649,  660,  682,  778,  900, 
1037  ;  ammunition  (see  Munition),  443, 
451,  900;  armour,  234,  585,  617,  791 ; 
arms,  162,  451,  642,  643,  655,  900  ;  ar- 
quebuses, 443,  514,  516 ;  artillery,  165, 
519,  660,  661,  682,  734,  900;  battery- 
works,  408;  blockhouses,  405,  492, 
1011;  bulwarks,  165,  168;  captain  of 
the  watch,  530  ;  corselets,  443  ;  "  Courts 
de  gard,"  154,  530 ;  culverins,  680 ; 
"  defend  themselves,"  674 ;  detach- 
ments, 516;  earthworks,  515,  519; 
f  aucheon,  5V.Q ;  gunf  ounders,  353,  3.56  ; 
gunmakers,  470 ;  gunpowder-makers, 
470;  helmets,  443,  510;  intruders  to 
repel,  59,  235 ;  man-of-war  (see  Ships, 
The  Treasurer)  ;  munition,  234 ;  mu- 
nition house,  492;  musketeers,  517; 
muskets,  160,  443  ;  officers,  233,  273  ; 
ordnance,  617 ;  pallisadoes,  405,  409, 
490,  519;  pieces,  044;  pistol,  163; 
powder,  499  ;  powder-house,  492  ;  quilt- 
ed cotton  coates,  585 ;  saltpetre-men, 
470 ;  ''  sliirts  of  male,"  5b5  ;  soldiers, 
203,  310,  627,  649,  805  ;  stockmakers 
for  pieces,  470  ;  stranger-enemies,  349  ; 
targatiers,  160  ;  targets,  163  ;  weapons, 
655.  See  Captains,  Forts,  Governors, 
Sailors,  Ships,  etc.  See,  also.  Admi- 
rals, or  Vice-Admirals  (Argall,  Haw- 
kins, Newport,  Somers,  West) ;  Capt.- 
general  Lord  De  La  Warr ;  Marshal 
Sir  Thomas  Dale ;  Master  of  the  ord- 
nance, Sir  F.  Wenman.  Consulted  about 
the  fortifications  :  George  Lord  Carew, 
Sir  Edward  Cecil,  Edward  Lord  Con- 
way, Sir  Thomas  Dale,  Sir  Thomas 
Gates,  Horace  Lord  Vere,  etc. 

Fortress  Monroe,  1063. 

Forts,  397,  456,  481,  490,  495,  519,  523, 
634,  661,  795  ;  at  Cape  Comfort,  394, 
519,521 ;  Charles  Fort,  or  Fort  Charles, 
490-492,  .503,  .583,  660,  751 ,  795 ;  Henrv, 
490-492,  .503,  660,  795 ;  Henry  on  Ap- 
pomattox River,  830 ;  at  Jamestown, 
114,  1(>2-165,  245,  394  (see  James- 
town) ;  at  Kiccowtan,  490 ;  Saint 
George,  140,  146,  183,  190-194,  535, 
9f;9.     See  Comfort. 

Fosbrooke, 1006. 

Foskir,  John,  1045  (Sir  John  Foster  ?). 

Fotherbie,  Fotherby,  Henry,  ix,  822,  892 ; 
Robert,  822,  1014. 

Foundation,  v,  xiii-xv,  464,  465  ;  founders 
or  managers  of  the  American  enterprise, 
X,  xiii-xv,  730,780,  787,  807,  808, 1016, 
1017,    1049;    "for   which    they  were 


INDEX 


1097 


deemed  Gods  among  their  posterity,"  1 
276.  !See  the  officers  of  the  Virginia 
colonies  and  companies,  and  the  mem- 
bers of  His  Majesties  Councils.  See, 
also,  African,  the  Bermudas,  East  India, 
Guiana  (S.  A.),  Ii-ish,  Levant,  Massa- 
chusetts, New  England,  Newfoundland, 
Northwest  Passage,  Plymouth,  Russia, 
North  and  South  Virginia,  the  Baha- 
mas, Caribbee  and  other  West  India 
companies  and  colonies,  and  the  city 
companies  of  London. 

Fowke,  Gerard,  9!M)  ;  Sir  Henry,  9!X). 

Fowles,  Fowls,  S(),  1-53,  lo."),  !.")«,  101, 
175,  2(5.5,  289,  314,  323,  39.5,  402,  423, 
425,  502,  589,  900.  See  under  Fauna 
sent  to  Virginia. 

Fowlers,  353,  350,  470,  505,  799. 

Fox,  Rev.  John,  martvrologist,  819,  881, 
892,  939.  1040;  Luke  (Northwest),  au- 
thor, 833,  834,  892,  985, 1058  ;  Thomas, 
223,  892. 

Fox  Hill,  Va.,  867. 

Foxall,  Thomas,  grocer,  469,  548,  590, 
893. 

Frake.     See  Freake. 

France,  336,  387,  391,  398,  475,  534,  639, 
662,  664,  665,  677,  689,  700,  729-734, 
745 ;  Amiens,  Jesuit  college  at,  700, 
706,  724 ;  Beauvais,  712 ;  Bordeaux, 
1.33,  758 ;  Bnrgundv,  27 ;  Calais,  or 
Gales,  588,  7<l6.  723, 724, 1056  ;  Dieppe, 
475,  712 ;  Fontainebleau,  665 ;  Gas- 
coyne,  133,  838 ;  Grenoble,  707  ;  Gryp, 
721 ;  Havre  de  Grace,  323,  897,  1056 ; 
Honfleur,  534,  724 ;  Lyons^  707 ;  Ro- 
chelle,  677,  726 ;  Rouen,  714 ;  Royal 
Lilies  of,  708,  719,  727 ;  St.  Bartholo- 
mew, 7,  li»02,  1041  ;  St.  John  de  Luz, 
677 ;  St.  Malo,  758 ;  Tregouse,  9 ;  Ush- 
ant,  333 ;  Vervins,  849.  See  New 
France,  and  Paris. 

French  (people),  366,  607,  678,  693,  780, 
903  ;  coast,  357  ;  colony  in  South  Amer- 
ica, 768;  company,  326,  1017,  1026; 
complaints,  664,  676,  677,  679,  680, 
730,  733,  734,  757,  758,  895;  man, 
523 ;  men,  644,  666,  795,  996  ;  patents, 
or  charters,  40,  278,  534,  713,  717; 
pirate,  1050 ;  ships,  662,  930 ;  vessel, 
1008.  See  the  Grace  of  God,  475,  815, 
and  La  Prime,  726,  728.  See  Hugue- 
nots, and  Jesuits. 

French  Documents.  Extracts  from  the 
French  iSIercury,  142,  595,  596 ;  ex- 
tracts from  New  France,  .321-324 ; 
Biard  to  Balthazar,  475, 533-536 ;  Mont- 
morency to  .James  I.,  6(54,  66.5  ;  extract 
from  Carayon,  (598-700 ;  Biard  to  Ac- 
quaviva,  7<  )0-7(  )6 ;  Biard  to  Louis 
XIII.,  706-71  >8  ;  Biard's  Relation,  709- 
725  ;  Biencourt's  Complaint,  725-729  ; 
Complaints  against  the  French,  757, 
758.  See,  also,  the  Letters  of  the  Eng- 
lish Ambassadors  to  France,  Sir  George 


Carew  and  Sir  Thomas  Edmonds  ;  and 
the  references  to  the  French  Ambassa- 
dor in  England,  Mons.  de  Buisseaux. 

Francis  I.,  King  of  France  (1515-1547), 
709. 

Francis,  Albian,  merchant-tailor,  305 ; 
Giles,  gent.,  222,  468,770,  892  ;  Thomas, 
804,  892. 

Fianke,  Peter,  Esq.,  546,  892, 

Franklin,  John,  haberdasher,  223,  892; 
Ricliard,  548 ;  Thomas,  merchant-tai- 
lor, 303. 

Freake,  Frake,  Freke,  Mr.  D[octor],  974, 
975  ;  Bishop  Edmund,  975  ;  Rev.  Hen- 
ry, the  elder,  -547  ;  Rev.  John,  975 ; 
Robert,  892  ;  Sir  Thomas,  94,  211,  466, 
549,  (52S,  03!),  892,  893  ;  Rev.  Thomas, 
the  elder,  547. 

Frederick  II.,  King  of  Denmark  (1559- 
1588),  1(J24. 

Freeman,  Martin,  fishmonger,  217,  280, 
468,  893  ;  Ralph,  clothworker,  217,  468, 
547,  574,  893,  9-53;  Ualph,  gent,  author, 
etc.,  390, 893 ;  William,  gent.,  390,  893, 
953 ;  William,  893. 

Free  trade,  269,  270,  550,  801,  824,  876, 
1017. 

Freetraders,  the  Sandys  Party,  1017, 
1052. 

"  Frenchman,  a,"  523. 

Fretchville,  Sir  Peter,  544,  893. 

Fretwell,  Thomas,  merchant-tailor,  304. 

Frisius,  Gemma,  875. 

Frith,  John,  the  martyr,  276 ;  Richard, 
gent.,  223,  893. 

Frobisher,  Bernard,  893 ;  Sir  Martin,  8, 
16,  21,  22,  (572,  795,  813,  839,  840,  844, 
851,  855,  875,  882,  8S9,  8;10,  auto.,  893, 
897,  905,  916,  926,  929,  936,  939,  944, 
1001,  1002,  1041,  Port.,  411  ;  Peter, 
893. 

Fronde's  History  of  England,  7,  9,  868, 
947,  998. 

Fruits  of  Virginia,  etc.,  130, 162-164, 265, 
2(58,  314,  425,  455,  502,  520,  754,  776. 
824,  900.  See  Grocers'  Company,  of 
London. 

Fruit  trees,  323. 

Fry  and  Jefferson's  Map  of  Virginia,  188. 

Fryer,  Clement,  592  ;   Capt. ,213. 

Fulford,  Mary,  903  ;  Thomas,  903. 

Fuller,  Nicholas,  894 ;  Nicholas,  author, 
etc.,  804,  820,  894. 

Fuller's  (Rev.  Dr.  Thomas)  Worthies, 
694,  844,  865,  878,  880,  882,  891,  945. 
1011,  1018,  1038,  1042. 

Fulwood,  William  (author  ?),  18,  894. 

Furriers,  470;  Furrs,  205,  317,  395,  425, 
493,  7(59 ;  fur  trade,  25.  See  Skinners' 
Company  of  London. 

Fust,  John,  inventor  of  printing,  1048; 
Richard,  Esq.,  861,  1048. 

Fynes,  Lady  Frances,  856. 

Gale,  George,  940  ;  Ursula,  940. 


1098 


INDEX. 


Galileo, (Italian),  910. 

Gall,  Edward,  223. 

Gallen,  Ridgeway,  Lord.  —  Thomas 

Ridgeway- 

Galthorpe,  Anne,  930  ;  Stephen,  167,  894, 
1007. 

Galvano  (Portuguese),  908. 

Gamage,  Barbara,  1003 ;  John,  1003 ; 
William,  20. 

Gambo,  Don  Juan  de  (Spaniard),  455.     • 

Games,  Amy,  969 ;   Robert,  969. 

Gardens  in  Virginia,  249,  253,  491,  492. 
800,  912,  1066;  hearbs,  194;  Gardi- 
ners,  353,  356,  445,  469,  799 ;  Gardi- 
ners'  Company,  of  London,  227,  858. 

Gardiner,  Christopher,  913 ;  John,  216, 
894 ;  Margaret,  913  ;  Richard,  804,  894. 

Gardiner's  History  of  England,  418,  556, 
820,  850,  865,  9.56,  990,  1021. 

Gardner,  Martha,  1023. 

Gargany.     See  Garraway. 

Garrard.     See  Gerrard. 

Garraway,  Garaway,  Garway,  etc..  Sir 
Henrv,  894;  WiUiam,  Esq.,  467,  770, 
892,  894. 

Garrett  (see  Gerrard),  Sir  William,  839. 

Garset,  Robert,  547,  894. 

Gascoigne,  George,  poet,  etc.,  897. 

Gataker,  Rev.  Thomas,  907. 

Gate  (Gates?),  Paul,  894;  Peter,  grocer, 
225,  408,  894. 

Gates,  Anthony,  895 ;  Elizabeth,  895 ; 
Lady,  532,  894,  895 ;  Lady  and  daugh- 
ters, 532,  895 ;  Margaret,  895 ;  Mary, 
895 ;  Thomas,  895 ;  Sir  Thomas,  first 
governor  of  Virginia,   etc.,   16,  24,  46, 

52,  54,  .58-60,  63,  148,  192,  210,  232, 
244,  255,  317,  318,  320,  321,  324,  328, 
329,  331,  333,  334,  345,  354,  399,  401, 
404-407,  409,  413,  414,  416-420,  422, 
424,  440,  445,  448-451,  456,  462,  463, 
465,  469,  473,  474,  479-481,  484,  490, 
491,  494,  520,  528,  529,  5.32,  569,  595, 
616,  617,  619,  620,  625,  626,  640.  641, 
643,  652,  653,  660,  689,  691,  693,  717, 
724,  741,  742,  749,  750,  752,  753,  812, 
815,  835,  872,  873,  894,  895,  auto.,  896, 
898,  936,  941,  964,  971,  975, 1055, 1063, 
1065,  1069. 

Gaule,  Rev.  John,  923. 

Gazette  Letters,  111,  845.     See  Letters. 

Gearing,  Gering,  etc.,  John,  216,  468,  771, 

896. 
Gedge,  James,  836  ;  Mary,  836. 
Gee,  Sir  William,  545,  896. 
Genesis  of  the  United  States.    See  United 

States. 
Genesis,  text  from,  v,   287 ;  sermon   on 

12th  chapter,    1st,  2d,    and  3d  verses, 

287-291. 

Gent,  Mr. ,  113. 

Gentilis,  Alberigo,  Italian  jurist,  1067- 
Gentlemen  in  the  Virginia  Company,  .52, 

53,  216-228,  264,  464,  467-469,  542, 
547. 


Geography,  Abbot's,  790-795. 

George  I.  of  England,  960. 

George,  William,  20. 

Georgia,  5,  947. 

Gering.     See  Gearing. 

Germany,  203,  314,  859,  1002, 1027,  104& 

Germany,  Emperor  of,  986. 

Germany,  Princes  of,  986. 

Gerrard,  Garrard,  Gerard,  Garrett,  etc., 
Anne,  825,  896  ;  George,  829  ;  George, 
845,  896 ;  George,  Esq.,  546,  803,  864, 

896 ;  G. ,  1036 ;  Isabella,  991  ;  Sir 

John,  896,  991;  John,  20,  896;  Dr. 
John,  botanist,  937,  10(56 ;  Sidney, 
10.55 ;  Sir  Thomas,  897  ;  Thomas,  224 ; 
Sir  Thomas,  544,  896;  Sir  William, 
825  ;  Sir  William,  845  ;  Sir  William,  3, 
4,  6,  839,  896,  1055.     See  Savile. 

Gersens,  (Dutch),  451. 

Gibbons,  Capt.  William,  688,  837. 

Gibbs,  Edmund,  896 ;  Robert,  fishmon- 
ger, 282  ;  Thomas,  896  ;  Thomas,  Esq., 
797,  896,  914 ;  WUliam,  merchant,  223, 
982. 

GifFord,  Philip,  390  ;  Thomas,  merchant- 
tailor,  304. 

Gilbert,  Adrian,  5,  12,  13,  874,  875.  896, 
898,  976;  Bartholomew,  26,  110,'  141, 
896,  897,  977 ;  Sir  Humphrey,  author, 
etc.,  .5-7,  9,  10,  12,  13,  672,  "818,  826, 
875,  893,  896,  897,  808,  918,  963,  976, 
1040,  1050,  Port.,  421 ;  Joanna,  823  ; 
John,  823 ;  John,  831 ;  John,  5,  897, 
898 ;  John,  217,  898  ;  Sir  John,  24,  94, 
179,  180,  193,  576,  897,  898,  977 ;  Otes, 
or  Otho,  5,  896,  897,  898 ;  Ralegh,  47, 
52,  55,  58-60,  63,  102,  191-193,  197, 
576,  897,  898;  "the  Gilberts,"  972. 

Giles,  Sir  Edward,  804,  898. 

Gilman,  Capt.  Richard,  16. 

Gipps,  Thomas,  898. 

Gipps.     See  Gypes. 

Glanville,  Francis,  gent.,  547.  898 ;  Sir 
John,  898 :  Sir  John,  Jr.,  898 ;  Rich- 
-  ard,  218,  898. 

Glaseo,  Philip,  128. 

Glascock,  Charles,  grocer,  590. 

Glass,  202,  239,  896,  914,  942,  1065; 
beads,  115,  153,  159,  486 ;   men,  203. 

Glenham,  Anne,  845  ;  Sir  Heni-y,  845. 

Gliddon,  Pierce,  133. 

Gloucester,  Duke  of,  1038. 

Glover,   George,   engraver,   1059 ;   Mary, 

983;  Sir  William,  983;  Rev.  Mr. , 

619,  898. 

Goats,  176,  461,  491,  520,  586,  776,  797, 
80a,  873. 

Goche,  or  Googe,  Dr.  Barnaby.  master  of 
Magdiilene  College,  Cambridge,  and 
son  of  Barnabe  Googe,  the  poet,  1029. 

Goddard,  Anthony,  6  ;  Richard,  220,  898. 

Godfrey,  Thomas,  stationer,  859. 

Godolphin,  Sir  Francis,  898 ;  Francis, 
899;  Penelope,  8!t9;  Sidney,  Earl  of, 
899  ;  Sidney,  the  poet,  899  ;   Thoniasin, 


INDEX. 


1099 


890 ;  William,  809 ;  Sir  William,  210, 
2:>2,  898,  899. 

Godwin,  John,  merchant-tailor,  304  ; 
Thomas,  222. 

GofF,  John,  merchant-tailor,  306. 

Gofton,  Sir  Francis,  1027. 

Gold,  30,  31,  58,  80,  105,  108,  113,  130, 
1(50,  268,  280,  313,  357,  395,  456,  520, 
521,  634,638,  647,  977,981, 1012, 1048; 
helt  of  Virginia,  583  ;  creating  power 
of  the  Sim,  507 ;  mine,  201,  655.  See 
Minerals,  and  Mountains. 

Goldsmiths'  Company  of  London,  226, 
250,  814,  857,  SOL',  922,  931,  044,  1049, 
1053. 

Gold.     See  Gould. 

Gondomar,  Don  Diego  Sarmiento  de 
Aeufia,  Coimt  de,  Spanish  ambassador, 
636,  6")4,  (556,  ()58-(i60,  662,  6(53,  (>65, 
666,  675,  676,  680,  684,  737,  740,  743, 
745,  759,  817,  8(55,  886,  899-901,  927, 
941,  1037,  10(52,  Port,  431. 

Gonson,  Avise,  950 ;  Aviso,  or  Katherine, 
901,  91(5,  9.50;  Benjamin,  4,  890,901, 
916,  950;  Thomazine,  800,  901. 

Goochland  County,  Va.,  187. 

Good  Newes  from  Virginia,  579-588,  Oil, 
613. 

Good  speed  to  Virginia,  293-302. 

Goode,  Dr.  G.  Brown,  xvi. 

Goodere,  Anne,  975  ;  Sir  Henry,  466, 543, 
901,  974,  975,  1069. 

Goodwin,  Elizabeth,  1023  ;  Sir  Francis, 
467,  543,  901  ;  Thomas,  1023 ;  Rev. 
Dr.  William,  1025. 

Googe,  John,  224.    See  Goche. 

Gookin,  Daniel,  855 ;  Caj)t.  John,  948, 
1065. 

Gore,  Gerrard,  901 ;  John,  901 ;  Ralphe, 
804,  901 ;  Robert,  548,  770,  901,  082 ; 
Thomas,  901  ;  William,  901. 

Gorges,  Sir  Arthur,  author,  etc.,  856,875  ; 
Bridget,  901;  Edmund,  901 ;  Edward, 
901,  902;  Sir  Edward,  901;  Edward, 
14,  901 ;  Edward,  Lord,  S04,  901,  902  ; 
Elizabeth,  901,  903;  Elizabeth,  903; 
Ellen,  903 ;  Sir  Ferdinando,  author, 
etc.,  24,  27,  50,  51,  66,  02,  94-97,  99, 
128,  138,  145,  148,  150,  191,  240,  75S, 
780,  804,  817,  856,  876,  891,  901-903, 
911,  961,  969,  972,  980,  982,1039,  1047, 
1055  ;  George,  903  ;  Honora,  903  ;  John, 
903;  John,  856;  Richard,  2d  Lord, 
902  ;  Robert,  903,  1047  ;  Sir  Thomas, 
901-903,0(56,  10J6;  Sir  William,  001. 

Goring,  Gen.  George,  904;  Sir  George, 
803,  S04,  904,  1066 ;   Capt.  John,  15. 

Gosnold,  Anthony,  the  elder,  904 ;  An- 
thony, the  younger,  22S,  904 ;  Barthol- 
omew, 2(5,  48,  77,  82,  85,  108,  1(57,  281, 
457,  459,  751,  7S0,  832,  S34,  904,  988, 
1062  ;  Robert,  904,  940  ;  Mr. ,  904. 

Gospel,  the,  2(56,  285,  288,  290,  291,  315, 
339,  372,  374,  463,  499,  578,  588. 

Gotherson,  Major  Daniel,  892. 


Gouge,  Thoma-q,  gent.,  467,547,  904,  982 ; 
Rev.  Dr.  Thomas.  1050 ;  Rev.  Dr.  Wil- 
liam ("  Master  G."),  author,  etc.,  730, 
747,  904,  1050,  Port,  441. 

Gould,  Hugh,  grocer,  387,  388,  557. 

Gouldesborough,  Flower,  919. 

Goidston.     See  Gulstone. 

Gourges,  Daniinic  de  (French),  81,  904, 
047. 

Government,  English.     See  State. 

Government  in  Virginia,  20(5,  233,  239, 
342,  345,  463,  484.  See  Charters,  Coun- 
cils, Governors,  Laws,  State,  etc. 

Governors,  or  acting  Governors,  of  Vir- 
ginia, 233,  234,  244,  273,  342,  375-384, 
399,  775,  777,  778,  798.  See  Sir  Sam- 
uel Argall,  Sir  Thomas  Dale,  Sir 
Thomas  Gates,  Capt.  George  Percy, 
Capt.  Nathaniel  Powell,  Thomas  West, 
Lord  De  La  Warr,  and  Sir  Geoi-ge 
Yeardley.  Also  Berkeley,  Digges, 
Harvey,  Matthews,  Potts,  J.  and  F. 
West,  and  Wyatt. 

Gower  (see  Gore),  Thomas,  gent.,  167. 

Grandison,  Lord,  901. 

Granger's  Biographical  History  of  Eng- 
land, 199,  924,  1040. 

Grant,  Rev.  Edward,  D.  D.,  815 ;  Sara, 
815. 

Grantham,  Sir  Thomas,  466,  544,  803, 
904. 

Granville.     See  Grenville. 

Grapes,  265,  314,  385,  395,  409,  410,  425, 
455,  533. 

Graveborn,  Harry,  fishmonger,  282. 

Graves,  Louis,  and  Servant  (French),  758. 

Graves,  John,  author,  904  ;  Thomas,  218, 
904. 

Gravesend,  England,  64,  102,  124,  174, 
1033. 

Gray,  or  Grey,  Charles,  904 ;  "  Lady  Eliza- 
beth Graie,"  authoress,  542,  904,  1030; 
Henry,  Earl  of  Kent,  1030;  Henry, 
819;  Henry,  904;  Henry  Lord  Grey, 
829;  Lady  Jane,  reformer,  819,  882, 
991,  1001;  Sir  John,  829;  John,  218, 
904;  Sir  John,  4(56,  543,  904;  Robert, 
merchant-tailor,  305 ;  Robert,  author, 
293,  296,  904;  Robert  of  High  Wy- 
combe, 769 ;  Thomas,  Lord  Grey  of 
Wilton,  1062. 

Great  Powhatan,  48-5-487,  505. 

Greene,  Alice,  840 ;  Christopher,  840 ; 
Laurence,  grocer,  224,  4(i8,  590,  591, 
(i87,  904,  905 ;  William,  merchant-tai- 
lor, 304  ;  Mr. ,  962. 

Green's  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  760. 

Greenland,  SO,  471,  (509,  610,  ()(;2,  6(56, 
()77,  (597,  811,  850,  893,  9(i8, 1013,  1060. 

Greenwell,  Willi.am,  388,  468,  547,  574, 
77(\796,  797,  905. 

Greenwich,  England,  120,_  2.30,  316,  589, 
779.     See  East  Greenwich. 

Greffier,  The  (Dutch),  450. 

Grenville,  Granville,  Greeneville,  Greine- 


1100 


INDEX. 


ville,  Greenville,  etc.,  Amy,  S80 ;  Ber- 
nard, Esq.,  94,  905:  Sir  Bevil,  {MJ-o ; 
Dorothy,  802;  Capt.  Edward,  15,  905; 
George,  Lord  Lansdowne,  !H).5 ;  Rich- 
ard, 905  ;  Richard,  Esq. ,  862  ;  Sir  Rich- 
ard, 8,  13,  14, 17-19,  21,  567,  890,  898, 

905,  928,  972,  976,  977,  1041,  Port., 
451 ;   Roger,  905  ;  Sir  Roger,  880. 

Grenville  Collection,  774,  1051. 

Gresham.  Elizabeth,  955  ;  Sir  John,  955  ; 
Sir  Thomas,  1,  7,  auto.,  905,  924,  9.55. 

Greville,  Sir  Edward,  930  ;  Sir  Fulke,  the 
elder,  905  ;  Sir  Fidke,  author,  etc.,  15, 
93,  901,  905,906,  941, 1002, 1045, 1046, 
Port.,  461  ;  Mary,  930;  Robert,  Lord 
Brooke,  886,  906. 

Grey.     See  Gray. 

Greynville.     See  Grenville. 

Grimsditch,  Thomas,  978. 

Griswold,  Mr.,  478. 

Grobham,  or  Grubham,  Jane,  906  ;  Nich- 
olas, 906  ;  Sir  Richard,  466,  549,  770, 

906,  1052. 

Grocers'  Company  of  London  —  dealers 
in  foreign  fruits,  sugars,  spices,  and 
other  foreign  commodities,  226,  250, 
257,  258,  ,387-390,  557,  558,  561,  590- 
592,  686-688,  813,  825-827,  829-832, 
836,  841,  846,  856,  857,  869,  874,  880, 
881,  886,  889,  892,  894,  896,  904,  908, 
909,  914,  923-925,  932,  935,  938,  939, 
942,  949,  950,  954,  955,  962,  963,  965, 
975,  991,  997,  1000,  1004,  1018,  1024, 
1030, 1035, 1044, 1045, 1047-1049, 1051, 
1053,  10.54. 

Grosart,  Mr. ,  373. 

Grosvenor,  Joyce,  998 ;  William,  998. 

Grotius,  Hugo  (Dutch),  959,  995,  1061. 

Gruter's  (.Johann,  1560-1627)  Inscrip- 
tions, 1040. 

■Gryce,  Nicholas,  218,  906. 

Guelp,  house  of,  960. 

Guercheville,  Madame  La  Marquis  de 
(French),  664,  G65,  725,  732,  734,  815, 
90(^ 

Guiana,  South  America,  23,  24,  27,  125, 
143,  333,  348,  .357,  358,  375,  454,  657, 
752,  774,  819,  837,  852,  860,  910,  920, 
921,  934,  9.35,  937,  953,  9.54,  958,  961, 
967,  969,  972,  976,  977,  981,  984,  985, 
990,  1007, 1020,  1026,  1035,  1039, 1049, 
1052,  1053,  1057;  Dollesquibe  (Es- 
seqiiebo),  657,  852 ;  Orinoco,  454,  937, 
984  ;   Wyapoco  (Oyapok),  910,  984. 

Gtiilds  of  London.     See. 

Guillandeau,  P.  (French),  729.  See  City 
Companies. 

Guinea.     See  Africa. 

Gulf  of  Darien,  670 ;  of  Mexico,  670,  881. 

Gulf  Struam,  4.5(5.     See  Atlantic  Ocean. 

Gulstone,  Goulston,  Dr.  Theodore,  author, 
804,  826,  841,  906,  907,  963,  993. 

Gums,  107,  108,  162,  317,  642. 

Gunpowder  Plot,  27,  42,  47,  64,  817,  845, 
88'.),  910,  928,  961,  1032,  1040,  1067. 


Gunthorp,  Mybs.  merchant-tailor,  305. 
Gustavus    Adolphus,    of   Sweden   (1611- 

1633),  948,  985. 
Guy,  Charles,  merchant-tailor,  334  ;  John, 

391,  907  ;  PhiHp,  391. 
Gwinne,    Gwynne,    Dr.  Matthew,  author, 

946 ;    Capt.    Owen     (see   Winne),  467, 

546;    Roger,    grocer,    558,   590,    591, 

687. 
Gylman,  Oilman,  Master ,  stationer. 

292. 
Gypes,  Thomas,  clothworker,  225,  898. 

Haberdashers'  Company  of  London,  deal- 
ers in  small  wares,  trinkets,  knives, 
beads,  etc.,  etc.,  226,  250,  825,  831, 
857,  883,  892,  909,  932,  960,  976,  987, 
1004,  1030,  1037,  1044,  1052. 

Habington,  Thomas,  961  ;  William,  poet, 
961. 

Hackluit.     See  Hakluvt. 

Hackshawe,  Thomas,  804,  907. 

Hackwell,  Hakewill,  Rev.  Dr.  George, 
author,  90S ;  William,  Esq.,  author, 
467,  546,  864,  907,  908,  1061. 

Hague,  the,  148,  440,  446-451,  526,  1056. 

Haiward,  Havward,  Heyward,  Haward, 
Alice,  919  ;~Anne,  919  ;  Catherine,  919, 
997,  1020;  Sir  George,  212,907,  919; 
James,  merchant,  223,  468,  907  ;  Sir 
John,  467,  545,  770,  907,  919  ;  Master 
John,  author,  804. 907,  Port.,  .521;  Rev. 
John,  467,  770.  907  ;  Mary,  919,  990  ; 
Robert,  304 ;  Sir  Roland,  6,  839,  907, 
918.  919,  990,  997,  1012,  1020. 

Hakluyt,  Hackluit.  Edmond,  908  ;  Mary, 
1042';  Richard,  Esq.,  20,  869,  908  ;  Rev. 
Richard,  author,  1,  10,  11,  14,  15,  18, 
19,  24,  27,  37,  46,  52,  .54,  58-60,  62,  63, 
81,  87,  127,  152,  163,  169, 197, 199,  206, 
215,  279,  322,  328,  419,  429,  566,  .567, 
669,  752,  823,  829,  837,  845,  869,  889, 
auto.,  908,  926,  930,  939,  970,  974,  975, 
976,  998,  1002,  1009,  1031,  1041,  1042, 
1046,  1061 ;  Thomas,  1042. 

Hakluyt  MS.,  127-139,  152-168,  169, 197, 
199,  328-332,  416,  417,  429-439,  640- 
645,  (669-675  ?). 

Hakluyt  Society  publications,  21, 86,  279, 
327,  413,  416,  562,  566,  567. 

Hale,  Rev.  E.  E.,  110. 

Hales,  Sir  Matthew,  992. 

Hall,  Daniel,  9SS ;  Rev.  Joseph,  poet, 
etc.,  882  ;  Richard,  ankersmith,  .548  ; 
Richard,  grocer,  387,  388,  548, 629,  6.30, 
908  ;  Robert,  fishmonger,  281 ;  WiUiam, 
gent.,  547,  628,  6."l0 ;  William,  stationer, 
47S  ;  ,  822  ;  Mr. ,  115. 

Halliday,  Ann,  950  ;  Susanna,  950,  981 ; 
Aldeman  William,  950,  9N1,  1015. 

Halliwell,  James  O.,  aiithor,  420. 

Hall  worthy,  Richard,  391. 

Halse,  John,  919;  Mary,  919. 

Haman  (Hanham,  or  Hampton  ?),  Capt 
John,  1(5. 


INDEX. 


1101 


Hambler,  Giles  (Dutch),  861,  1047  ;  Kath- 
erine  (Dutch),  SCI,  1047,  1048. 

Hamer,  Hanior,  Ralphe,  the  elder,  mer- 
chant-tailor, 210,  ;]()(),  408,  771,  908, 
10o7 ;  Capt.  Ralphe,  author,  200,  224, 
417,  474,  730,  740,  740,  747,  708,  870, 

908,  909,  943,  071,  078,  980,  988,  990, 
10:54 ;  Thomas,  908,  909;  Thomas, 
merchant-tailor,  .'5')."). 

Hamersley,  Hugh,  220,  909. 

Hammond,  or  Hamond,  Humphrey,  mer- 
chant-tailor, oO  1 ;  Susan,  950 ;  Thomas, 
217;  AVilliara,  9.")0. 

Hampden,  John,  Esq.,  the  patriot,  868, 
081. 

Hampson,  William,  221. 

Hampton,  Capt.  John,  0,  909 ;  Thomas, 
548,  909. 

Hampton  Court,  117,  118,  123,  569  ;  con- 
ference, 27,  852,  1026. 

Hanbury,  John,  merchant-tailor,  304,  306, 
909. 

Hanby  (Hanbury  ?),  Richard,  873. 

Hancock,  William,  217,  909. 

Hanger,  George,  804,  909. 

Hanhara,  John,  909 ;   Sir  John,  466,  544, 

909,  909  ;  Thomas,  909,  969  ;  Thomas, 
47,  52,  55,  58-60,  63,  64,  96,  98,  99, 
576,  909,  969  ;  Sir  William,  909. 

Hanover  County,  Virginia,  187. 

Hansford,  Hanf ord.  Col. ,  909 ;  Hum- 
phrey, 468,  547,  574,  909,  982  ;  John, 
merchant-tailor,  220,  306,  909;  Wil- 
liam, 909. 

Harbours,  81,  394,  519,  644,  660,  970. 

Harbrowe,  Mr. ,  fishmonger,  282. 

Harcourt,  Michael,  910;  Robert,  author, 
657,  885,  909,  910 ;  Sir  Simon,  960  ;  Sir 
Walter,  909. 

Hardie,  M. ,  2. 

Harding,  Simon,  1012 ;  Thomas,  20. 

Hardwick,  Elizabeth,  "  Bess  of  Hard- 
wick,"  846,  847,  1031);  John,  846. 

Hare,  John,  Esq.,  467,  546,  910;  Sir 
Ralph,  910. 

Harfleet,  Sir  Thomas,  467,  545,  910. 

Harington.     See  Harrington. 

Hariot,  Harriot,  Thomas,  author,  etc.,  14, 
206,  324,  910,  911,  905,  977, 1009, 1051. 

Harleian  MS.,  308,  402. 

Harleian  Society  Publications.  —  Le 
Neve's  Knights,  Visitations,  etc.,  893, 
901,  904,  914,  936,  954,  965,  986,  996, 
1000,  1030,  1042,  1044. 

Harley,  Harlie,  Hawley,  Harlow,  Harloe, 
Edmund,  911;  Edward,  102,192,470, 
532,  576,  729,  911  ;  Gabriel,  911  ;  Capt, 
Henry,  911;  Capt.  Henry,  729,  911, 
10()2  ;  James,  91 1  ;  James,  911 ;  Jeremy, 
911;  Jerome,  Oil;  John,  911;  John, 
911;  Peter,  217;  Dr.  Richard,  911; 
Robert,  804,  911  ;  William,  911. 

Harper,  Anne,  911,  012;  John,  912;  John, 
fi.shmonger,  215,  280,  911,912;  Rich- 
ard, 548 ;  Thomas,  stationer,  923. 


Harrington,  Harington,  Edward,  167 ; 
P:iizabeth,  1001;  Frances,  937;  Sir 
James,  849,  915,  937,  1001,1066;  Sir 
James,  912  ;  John,  Lord,  542,  847,  877, 
912,  1001,  Fort.,  471  ;  Sir  John,  466, 
543,  540,  748,755,864,912,  1001,  10<i9; 
Lucy,   Countess  of  Bedford,  542,  770, 

912,  t»88,  1001, 1014,  Port.,  481 ;  Sarah, 
884,  915,  1066. 

Harris,  Alice,  913,  950;  Sir  Arthur,  545, 
889,  912,  913,  991  ;  Sir  Christopher, 
545,  912;  Christopher,  8.36;  David, 
1031;  Elizabeth,  913;  Frances,  913; 
Gabriel,  20;  John,  Esq.,  467,  546,  912, 

913,  1070;  Serj.  Jolin,  933  ;  Margaret, 
1031  ;  Mary,  913 ;  Roger,  4(i8,  547,  913 ; 
Thomas,  gent.,  221,  913;  "Lieut. 
William  Harris,"  150;  Sir  William, 
467,  544,  912,  913,  950,  1012  ;  William, 
913  ;  Mr. ,  982  ;  Mr. ,  982. 

"  Hariis,  the  Pirate,"  990. 

Harrison,  Abraham,  914  ;  Anne,  889,  914  ; 
Benjamin,  ancestor  of  the  presidents, 
1006 ;  President  Benjamin,  822  ;  Bur- 
ton,  N.,  Esq.,  xvi ;  Edward,  215,  468, 

913  ;  George,  804,  889,  908,  913  ;  Har- 
mon, 218,  913  ;  James,  548,  913  ;  John, 
merchant-tailor,  3:  l4,  913 ;  Mr.  John, 
the  elder,  stationer,  202,  891, 913,  1061  ; 
Sir  John,  804,  913,  914;  John,  914; 
Margaret,  914 ;  Mary  (widow),  914 ; 
Ralph,  216,  914;  Richard,  27;  Thomas, 
merchant-tailor,  3ti5  ;  William,  mer- 
chant, 574,  913,  914,  1048;  William, 
913;  William,  914;    President  William 

H.,   1005;    Ensign, ,913;    Master, 

908  ;  "  The  Harrisons  of  Virginia,"  913, 
1005. 

"  Harry."     See  Spelman. 

Hart,  Anne,  914 ;  Sir  Eustace,  544,  896, 

914  ;  Sir  George,  914;  Joan,  831,  914; 
Sir  John,  11,  831,  841,  914;  Judith, 
841,  014;  Sir  Percival,  804,  914;  Sir 
William,  811. 

Hartford,  William,  merchant  -  tailor, 
394. 

Harvard  College,  Massachiisetts,  1029, 
1045,  1065. 

Harvard  College  Library,  101,  181,  323, 
337,  428,  558. 

Harvard,  John,  1029,  1065. 

Harvey  (see  Hervev),  Capt.  Edward,  910; 
Governor  Sir  John,  845.  848,  0.38,  963, 
980,  1059;  Mary,  969;  Sir  Sebastian, 
969. 

Har\'ie,  Dionise,  18,  20. 

Harward,  Thomas,  merchant-tailor,  .304. 

Harwell,  Horwell,  Howell,  Sir  Thomas, 
211,406,914.     See  Howie. 

Harwick,  85. 

Harwood,  Sir  Edward,  author,  213,  797, 
886,  914,  915,  0S8  ;  George,  915 ;  Leon- 
ard, 224,  771,  915;  AVilliam,  914. 

Haselden,  Hazleden.  William,  469,  548, 
915. 


1102 


INDEX. 


Haselrig,  Hazlerigg,  Francis,  gent.,  223, 

915. 
Hastings,   Elizabeth,  1019 ;  Francis,  91-5, 
1067  ;  Francis,  1046  ;  Sir  Francis,  953  ; 
Francis,    Earl    of    Huntingdon,    1019 ; 
George,    915,    10-16 ;    Henry,  Earl    of 
Huntingdon   (1572),  m'A  ;   Henry,  Earl 
of  Huntingdon,  542,  915,  Port.,  491 ; 
Sara,  Lady,  ^84. 
Hatfield  House  Library,  145. 
Hathaway,  Anno,  999. 
Hatton,    Sir   Christopher,   13,   823,   881, 
auto.,  916,  1045,  1U46  ;  Sir  Christopher, 
Jr.,  889  ;  Dorothy,  915  ;    Frances,  980  ; 
Sir  Henry,  967  ;  Lady,  819,  851  ;  "Sir 
Wm.  Newport  alias  Hatton,"  851,  980. 

Haukinson,  George,  228,  915. 

Hauterive,  Mens,  de  (French),  622. 

Havana  (Cuba),  23,  128,  198,  443,451, 
456,  472,  510-513,  518,  .521-525,  531, 
533,  539,  554,  588,  592,  607,  653, 
1043. 

Haveland,  Anthony,  390 ;  Thomas,  sta- 
tioner, 356. 

Havershani,  Baron,  1034. 

Hawes,  Humphrey,  clothworker,  277, 
915  ;  Sir  James,  1043  ;  Lawrence,  915  ; 
Margaret,  1043 ;  Mr.  ,  982  ;  Rob- 
ert, fishmonger,  282. 

Hawes,  Hames,  Himes,  Hine,  Nicholas, 
95-97,  128,  134,  639,  640,  645. 

Hawkeridge,  Capt.  Giles,  467,  546. 

Hawkins,  Charles,  220,  468,  915,  918; 
Sir  John,  4-7,  23,  568,  674,  792,  793, 
813,  851,  854,  856,  881,  882,  889,  893, 
901,  915,  916,  918,  922,  926,  9-30,  939, 
947,  950,  967,  1056,  Port.,  501  ;  John, 
216,  916,  918 ;  John,  merchant-tailor, 
304  ;  John,  the  elder,  915  ;  Sir  John,  the 
author,  917,  918 ;  John,  of  Rugbv, 
1000;  Lady  Judith,  917;  Mary,  919; 
Sir  Richard,  author,  16,  94,  771,  916- 
918,  942,  980 ;  Sara,  1000 ;  Capt.  Wil- 
liam (1st),  916,  918;  Capt.  William 
(2d),  6,  915,  916,  918.  944;  Capt.  Wil- 
liam (3d),  918;  William,  Esq.,  919; 
"  Hawkins,"  972. 

Hawks,  Rev.  F.  L.,  242. 

Hawley  (see  Harley),  Capt. ,  213. 

Hawte,  Jane,  996  ;  Sir  William,  996. 

Hay,  James  Lord,  etc.,  .542,  797,  auto., 
918, 920,  921, 955,  965,  979, 1044,  Port., 
511. 

Hayden,  Haydon,  Heyden,  etc.,  Jeremy, 
or  Jerome,"  468,  594,  748,  770,  918  ;  Sir 
John,  918. 

Hayes,  Hays,  Edward,  author,  12,  918; 
Martha,  887  ;  Sir  Thomas,  887. 

Hayward.     See  Haiward. 

Hazard's  Historical  Collections,  1027. 

Hazleden.     See  Haselden. 

Hazlerigg.     See  Haselrig. 

Head  of  the  river  (see  Falls),  504. 

Heale,  Hele,  Sir  John,  919 ;  Sir  Warwick, 
466,  919,  980. 


Heath,  Robert,  Esq.,  797,  803,  879,  919, 
Port.,  531. 

Heath's  Chronicle,  981. 

Hebrides,  601. 

Heiborne,  Heyborne,  Sir  Ferdinando,  or 
Sir  Francis,"  467,  545,  919. 

Heightley,  Peter,  804,  919. 

Heiton,  Frauncis,  gent.,  .547. 

Hellowes,  Edward,  author,  926. 

Helme,  John,  merchant-tailor,  305. 

Helpringham,  359. 

Hemp,  268,  317,  398,  482,  492,  493; 
dressers,  470  ;  planters,  470. 

Heneage,  Elizabeth,  891 ;  Sir  Thomas, 
891,  1046. 

Hening's  Virginia  Statues  at  Large,  65, 
91,201,  995. 

Henniugham,  Abigail,  877 ;  Sir  Arthur, 
877. 

Henrico  (town),  Va.,  581,  588,  584,  611, 
614,  649,  652,  660,  744,  751,  782,  795, 
823,  1025,  1050,  1053;  county,  Va., 
1025 ;  Henricopolis,  1025 ;  Henries 
towne,  644  ;  Henricus,  504,  1025  ;  New 
town  in  Virginia,  491,  492,  504;  New 
Townes  in  Virginia,  778. 

Henrietta  Maria,  966,  879,  1039. 

Henry,  Cape,  158,  354,  401,  403,  404, 
409,  414,  429,  484,  565,  781,  1025, 
XLVL,  CLVIII.     See  Rivers. 

Henry,  Prince.     See  Henry  Stuart. 

Henry  II   of  France  (1551),  1023. 

Henry  IV.  of  France  and  of  Navarre 
(1589-1010),  40,  278,  391,  .534,  716, 
831,  848,  877,  893,  946,  967,  1000, 
1003,  1027,  Port,  xxxi. 

Henry  VII.  of  England  (148.5-1509),  1,  2, 
263,  313,  368,  672,  693,  837,  838,  859, 
1054.     See  Tudor. 

Henry  VIII.  of  England  (1509-1547),  2, 
277,  837-839,  846,  859,  922,  965,  1022, 
1030,  1039,  1046,  1061.     See  Tudor. 

Henry  VIII.  (the  play),  6.37. 

Henshaw,  Hinshaw,  Thomas,  merchant- 
tailor,  222,  306,  307,  469,  829,  919. 

Heralds,  College  of,  308,  309. 

Herbert,  Capt. ,  213  ;  Arthur,  920 ; 

Charles,  919;  Edward,  Lord,  author, 
874,  927,  953  ;  Edward,  Esq.,  804,  919, 
920,  1018  ;  Rev.  George,  poet,  874,  919, 
1037,  1057  ;  tienry.  Earl  of  Pembroke, 
920-922,  1001  ;  Margaret,  1037 ;  Mary, 
Countess  of  Pembroke  (see  Sidney), 
1045,  1046 ;  Philip,  Earl  of  Montgom- 
ery, 209,  231,  379,  384,  465,  548,  549, 
681,  855,  920-922,  943,  944,  988,  1001, 
1044,  1069,  Port.,  541  ;  Richard,  Esq., 
874;  William,  Earl  of  Pembroke,  4, 
839,  922 ;  William,  Eari  of  Pembroke, 
poet,  90,  98,  209,  231,  239,  318,  319, 
379,  384,  4(55,  532,  676.  681,  686,  75.5, 
770,  847,  920,  921,  922,  941,  943,  944, 
954,  1001,  1002,  1014,  1030,  Port.,  551. 
Herbert's  History  of  the  Twelve  Great 
Livery  Companies  of  London,  611,  857. 


INDEX. 


1103 


Herbs,  163,  194,  205,  314,  410,  585,  792. 

"Hercules,"  276,  781.  1008. 

Heme,    Heron,    Sir   Edward,    467,    544, 

922  ;  Griffeth,  16  ;  Nicholas,  922  ;  Rich- 
ard, 548,  922. 

Herrick,  Hericke,  etc.,  John,  915,  922 ; 
Nicholas,  922  ;  Rev.  Robert,  poet,  898, 
922;  Ursula,    915;    Sir  William,  467, 

545,  915,  922,  Fort.,  561. 
Herris.  Lieut.  William,  150. 
Herst,  Gregory.  804,  922. 

Hertford,    Earl   of,    1028;    Marquis   of, 

930. 
Hervey    (see    Harvey),    Margaret,    950, 

1055 ;     Sir  Nicholas,    1055 ;     William 

Lord,  1055,  1061. 
Hethersall,  George,  merchant-tailor,  303. 
Hewit,  Hewett,  Dionise,   1023 ;   Thomas, 

1023  ;  Sir  Thomas,  466,  545,  auto.,  922, 

982. 
Heyden.     See  Hayden. 
Heyho,  Thomas,  merchant-tailor,  305. 
Heylyn,  Peter,  author,  31. 
Heyward,  Thomas,  poet,  1026. 
Heyward.     See  Haiward. 
Hexham,  Henry,  author,  918. 
Hibbard,  John.  819. 
Hickman,  Anthony,  reformer,  862,  939. 
Hicks,   Sir  Baptist,  211,  232,  384,  465, 

466,  594,  748,  802,  823,  844,  891,  922, 

923  ;  Sir  Michael,  922 ;  William,  804, 
923. 

Hide,  Hyde,  Anne,  Duchess  of  York,  923  ; 
Edward,  Lord  Clarendon,  923  ;  Helen, 
923  ;  Henry,  923 ;  John,  the  elder,  923  ; 
John,  grocer,  225,  auto.,  923 ;  Law- 
rence, the   elder,  923 ;  Lawrence,  Esq., 

467,  546,  770,  923 ;  Sir  Nicholas,  467, 

546,  770,  923 ;  Robert,  923. 
Highgate,   London,   254,  258.   310,  324, 

332,  S:i6,  496  ;  Higuete,  183,  184,  243 ; 

Higete,  386  ;  Iguet,  310,  358. 
High  Wycombe,  Boiough  of,  769. 
Higgons,  Peter,  grocer,  226. 
Hill,   Robert,  216,  923;   Tristram,   224, 

923. 
Himes  (see  Hawes,  Nicholas),  95-97. 
Hine  (see  Hawes,  Nicholas),  128,  134. 
Hinson,  Tobias,  grocer,  226,  924. 
Hinton,  Huntou,    Dr.  Anthony,  546,  770, 

924;  Griffith,  219,  924;  Sir  Thomas, 

969. 
Hispaniola   (Hayti,  Saint   Domingo),  21, 

27,   130,  174,  393,  .522, 647,  672,  675, 

7i)2,  1044. 
History,  xii,  645,  1010,  1068  ;  "  a  fair  and 

perspicuous,"  1006. 
Hobart,  Hubard,  Sir  Henry,  author,  vii, 

207.  211.  232,  924,   1004,   Port.,  .571; 

Sir  John,  924,  1004 ;  Sir  Miles,  924 ; 

Robert,  924. 
Hobbs,  Mr.  Thomas,  author,  847,  848. 
Hobby  (see  Hobv),  Richard,  390. 
Hobson,  Capt.  Nicholas,    470,  532,  729, 

924. 


Hobv,    Sir    E.,    694;  John,    or  William, 

1032,  1038. 
Hodge,  Paul,  fishmonger,  282. 
Hodges,  Edward,  grocer,  224  ;  John,  468, 

771,    924;     Thomas,    merchant-tailor, 

305,  460,  .548,885,924;  William,  gent., 

547,  924. 
Hodgeson,  Hudson,  John,  220,  929. 
Hodsall,  John,  548,  924. 
Hodsdon.     See  Hudson. 
Hogan,    Edmund,    924;    Gresham,   Esq., 

407,  548,  924.     See  Howgan. 
Hogben,  Joseph,  892. 
Hog  Island,  Va.,  407,  827,  1024. 
Hogs  sent  to  Virginia,  401,  402,  408,  415, 

422,  423,  586,  1020 ;  swine,  423,  456, 

462,  474,  482,  491,  495,  589,  727,  754, 

776,  797,  800 ;  sow,  408  ;  swine-herdes, 

470. 
Hole.  William,  engraver,  459,   595,  596, 

8()3,  924,  1025. 
Holecroft,  Holcroft,   Capt.    Jeffrey,  212, 

924  ;  Thomas,  924 ;  Sir  Thomas,  925  ; 
Capt.  Thom;is,  213,  316,417.  924.925; 
Sir  Thomas,  93.  211,  924,  925.  1U69. 

HoUand,  Hugh,  poet,  1026  ;  Lord,    1036 ; 

"Samuel  Holliland,  gent.,"  517,  925; 

William,  804,  925 ;  Earl  of.     See  Henry 

Rich. 
Holland  House.     See  Cope  Castle. 
HoUand.     See  United  States  of  Holland, 

and  The  Netherlands. 
Holies,   HoUis,    Capt.   ,   213 ;  Lady 

Arabella,    1045 ;    Denzill    (the    elder), 

925  ;  Denzill,  one  of  "  the  five  mem- 
bers," 891,  925  ;  Sir  John,  210,  466, 
925,  1038,  1045,  1069 ;  John, 1038. 

Holman,  Holeman,  George,  grocer,  216, 
257,  387,  388, 469,  557,  591,  771,  925  ; 
George,  Jr.,  925. 

Holmeade,  Anthony,  merchant  -  tailor, 
307. 

Holmes.  Thomas,  merchant-tailor,  304. 

Holt,  Cliristopher,  220,  925  ;  John,  218, 
925. 

Holyday,  widow,  930. 

Hondius,  Judoeus  (Dutch),  918. 

Honywood,  Elizabeth,  996,  997  ;  Thomas, 
997. 

Hood,  Thomas,  author,  20,  925,  926, 
1012,  1014. 

Hooke,  Humfrey,  391. 

Hooker,  George,  gent.,  228.  926;  Nicho- 
las, 468,  547,  926 ;  Richard,  grocer, 
225  ;  Rev.  Richard  (1554-1600),  author, 
992,  his  Polity,  1040. 

Hooper,  Humfrey.  stationer,  292 ;  Rev. 
John,  martyr,  939. 

Hope.  John,  1020;   Thomas.  601.  926. 

Hopkins.  Eliezer.  73(i ;  John,  alderman 
of  Bristol,  228,  926.  990. 

Hopton.  Mary,  834 ;  Sir  Owen.  834. 

Hore.  Hoar,  Christopher,  218;  Robert,  2, 
926. 

Horner,  Thomas,  Esq.,  969. 


1104 


INDEX. 


Horses  sent  to  Virginia,  328,  408,  454, 
4i:»2,  520,  720,  727,  742,  1020;  mares, 
328,  408,  520,  727. 

Horsmanden,  Rev.  Daniel,  990 ;  Jane, 
0V)0  ;  Mary,  990 ;  Rebecca,  990  ;  Rev. 
Richard,  990  ;  Rev.  Thomas,  990  ;  Col. 
Warham,  990. 

Horspoole,  Symon,  1011  ;  William,  1011. 

Horton,  Alexander,  830 ;  Mrs. ,  987. 

Hortop  (see  Hotoft),  Jop,  author,  6,  926. 

Horvvell.     8ee  Harwell. 

Hoskins,  Charles,  merchant-tailor,  304  ; 
John,  Esq.,  author,  407,  546,  864,  926  ; 
John,  926  ;  Oswell,  merchant-tailor,  305. 

Hosnier's  Life  of  Vane,  1036. 

Hot  bathes,  153,  154,  480,  489. 

Hotoft,  Mrs.  Margaret,  888. 

Houghton,  Lord.  —  John  Holies. 

Houldeu,  William,  804,  926. 

Houses,  buildings,  etc.,  in  Virginia,  107, 
249,  253,  519,  776 ;  bridge,  492  ;  cab- 
ins, 491  ;  cattlehouses,  492 ;  churches, 
491,  492,  835,  984,  987  ;  cottages,  491 ; 
East  India  school,  973 ;  free  school, 
973  ;  house  carpenters,  470 ;  household- 
ers, 776  ;  houses  of  stone,  185  ;  maga- 
zines, 72,  491 ;  mansion  house,  913 ; 
market,  396 ;  mills,  469,  470,  800 ;  St. 
Mary's  Church,  984 ;  stables  for  horses, 
492 ;  storehouses,  72,  492 ;  -well  at 
Jamestown,  492.  See  College,  Fortifi- 
cation, etc. 

Howard,  Lady  Catherine,  1045,  1046 ; 
Catherine  (daughter  Thomas,  Earl  of 
Suffolk),  851 ;  Charles,  Lord  High  Ad- 
miral, 388,  813,  817,  889, 926,  927, 938, 
941,  957,  990,  999,  1033,  1046 ;  Lady 
Douglas,  882,  999;  Elizabeth,  928; 
Frances,  1028;  Frances,  1046;  Lady 
Frances,  678,  928,  951  ;  Henry,  Earl  of 
Surrey,  926;  Henry,  Earl  of  North- 
ampton, author,  309,  388,  390,  589,  590, 
755,  847,  899,  926,  927,  1037,  1067, 
Port.,  581  ;  Henry,  Lord  Maltravers, 
927;  "Jockey  of  Norfolk,"  927  ;  Rev. 
John  (see  Haiward),  221 ;  Philip,  Earl 
of  Arundel,  856,  927  ;  Theophilus,  Lord 
Walden,  209,  231,  379,  384,  388,  681, 

927,  928,  1028,  1069 ;  Thomas,  Earl  of 
Arundel,    author,    etc.,  804,    821,  927, 

928,  1021,  1027,  1030;  Thomas,  Earl  of 
Suffolk,  24,  120, 179,  209,  309,  388,  ()77, 
678,  679,  681,  686,  820,  829,  851,  905, 
927, 928, 1018, 1028,  Port,  591;  Thomas, 
Earl  cf  Surry,  temp.  Henry  VIII.,  277, 
927;  Thomas,  2d  Duke  of  Norfolk. 
926;  Thomas,  4th  Duke  of  Norfolk, 
928,  1061  ;  Thomas,  Viscount  Bindon, 
1028;  William  Lord,  839,  926,  999. 

Howe,    George,    18 ;    John,    112 ;    John, 

906 ;  Viscounts,  906. 
Howes,  Edmund,  author,  375,  460,  G04, 

689,  928,  929,953,  1021,  1022;  extracts 

from  his  Chronicle,  393,  461,  473,  474, 

557,  568,  571,  748-756,  773. 


Howell.     See  Harwell. 

Howgan,  Sir  Thomas,  770.     See  Hogan. 

Howie,  or  Howell,  Richard,  223,  929 
See  Harwell. 

Howson,  Henry,  merchant-tailor,  304. 

Hubard.     See  Hobart. 

Hubbard's  Narrative,  194, 

Huddleston,  Mr. ,  944. 

Hudson,  Hodgeson,  etc  ,  Christopher,  11, 
12,  825,  929  ;  Henry,  839 ;  Capt.  Hen- 
ry, 102,  118,  184,  327,  358,  388,  457, 
459,  496.  497,  556,  573,  852,  878,  885, 
928,  937,  941,  987,  988,  1013,  1057, 
1058,  1062 ;  Robert,  962 ;  Simon,  929 ; 
Ursula,  929. 

Hudson's  Bay,  497,  609,  667,  833,  837, 
859,  955 ;  Company,  818 ;  River,  327, 
358,  459,  745,  815,  877. 

Hughes,  or  Hues,  Rev.  Lewis,  author, 
759,  auto.,  929 ;  Robert,  mathemati- 
cian, 910,  965  ;   T.,  819. 

Huguenots,  xiv,  4,  5,  17,  590,  792,  836, 
852,  853,  919,  947,  967,  977  ;  Carolina, 
5,  17  ;  Charles  Fort,  4  ;  Fort  Caroline, 
4,  792,  947 ;  Port  Royal,  4,  947,  967 ; 
St.  Bartholomew,  7,  1002,  1041 ;  South 
Carolina,  4,  947.     See  Florida. 

Hulls.     See  Lulls 

Humble,  Peter,  929;  Richard,  215,  929, 
Port.,  611. 

Hume,  Elizabeth,  927 ;  George,  Earl  of 
Dunbar,  811,  927. 

Hume's  History  of  England,  63,  992. 

Humfrie,  Humphreys,  John,  Esq.,  981 ; 
Nathaniel,  135. 

Hungate,  Anne,  820,  840  ;  William,  840. 

Hungerford,  Sir  Anthony,  929;  Sir  Ed- 
ward, 94, 929 ;  Sir  John,  466,  543, 
929. 

Hunnewell,  James  F.,  xvi,  483. 

Hunsdon,  Lord.  — Henry  Carey. 

Hunt,  John,  140,  191  ;  Rev.  Robert,  49, 
823, 929 ;  Thomas,  221 ;  Master  Thomas, 
680,  1008. 

Hunter,  John,  1033 ;  Mary,  1033. 

Huntingdon,  Catharine,  Countess  of,  992  ; 
Countess  of,  1045,  1046  ;  Francis,  Earl 
of,  1019  ;  Earl  of  (see  Henry  Hastings). 

Huntley,  Earl  of,  1066;  Sir  George,  545, 
628,  630,  929 ;  John,  218,  929. 

Hunton.     See  Hinton. 

Husband,  Edward,  stationer,  1057. 

Husband,  the,  of  the  Va.  Co.  (1609- 
1(!16),  viii,  ix.  [Name  unknown,  but 
William  Webb  held  the  office  in  1619, 
and  probably  before  that  date.  ] 

Hussey,  Anthony,  judge,  etc.,  901 ;  Ur- 
sula, 901. 

Huth  Collection,  420. 

Hyde.     See  Hide. 

Hyrmice,  475. 

Idea  of  November  6th,  1577,  8,  9,  46, 117 

Idea  of  Sir  Philip   Sidney,    15-17,    905, 

906,  1002. 


i 


INDEX. 


1105 


Idiaqnes,  Don  Juan  de  (Spaniard),  fi22. 

Imperial  Library,  Paris,  France,  707. 

Incorporators.     See  Adventurers. 

Indenture,  18,  20,  lO.Jl. 

India,  East.     See  East  India. 

India,  West.     See  West  India. 

Indian  boy,  1005,  10:5 1  ;  cliief ,  1020 ; 
princes,  1020.  See  Native  Inhabitants 
of  Virginia. 

Indians.  See  Native  Inhabitants  of  Vir- 
ginia. 

Indies,  East.     See  East  India. 

Indies,  West.     See  West  India. 

Infantado,  Duke  de  (Spaniard),  622,  930. 

Ingram,  Sir  Arthur,  407,  ."j-tO,  54'),  55(5, 
028,  030,  654,802,  930,  1069;  Sir  Ar- 
thur, Jr.,  9o0 ;  David,  author,  etc.,  (i, 
10,  930;  Henrv,  'M) ;  Hugh,  'j;iO; 
Capt.  John,  550^  930. 

Inhabitants.     See  Native  Inhabitants. 

Innian,  Matthew,  922. 

In.structions,  64-75,  79-85,  102,  316- 
318,  ;].S4^386,  636. 

Inventors.  —  An  engine  for  cutting  iron, 
Dabney,  869 ;  dredging  machine  and 
mine  pump,  Gilbert,  898 ;  chain  pump, 
Hawkins,  916 ;  signals  by  lights. 
Bourne,  1006 ;  steam  engine,  DeCaus, 
and  Henry,  Marquis  of  W^orcester, 
1025,  1056 ;  printing,  John  Fust,  1048. 
See  Firsts. 

Ipswiek,  Bailiffes,  etc.,  of,  -547,  930. 

Irby,  Anthony,  Esq.,  467,  546,  930,  931, 
1034  ;  Sir  Anthony,  825  ;  Sir  Anthony, 
931 ;  Edward,  1065. 

Ireland,  97,  119,  123,  124,  205,  266,  .325, 
359,  440,  526,  601,  661,  674,  693,  697, 
705,  736,  738,  756,  759,  768,  820,  827, 
828,  836,  842,  844,  854,  860,  897,  983, 
1007,  1023,  1035,  1055,  1057. 

Irish  affairs,  122 ;  Company  of  London, 
205,  325,  611,  688,  860,  893,  1022, 
1026 ;  men,  198,  523,  607,  609 ;  pace, 
162  ;  pirates,  325  ;  plantation,  611,  6S8, 
893,  1022,  1035 ;  report  on  Virginia, 
393-399. 

Iron,  234,  237,  239,  268,  317,  340,  349, 
363,  395,  398,  408,  425,  456,  481,  584, 
800;  finers,  469;  founders,  469;  men 
for  furnasse,  353,  356 ;  men  for  ham- 
mer, 353,  356 ;  mills,  469,  800 ;  miners, 
4G9  ;  ore,  203,  800. 

Ironmongers'  Company,  of  London,  226, 
250,  842,  852,  853,  855,  857,  913,  931, 
937,  1024. 

Ironsides,  Richard,  216,  931. 

Iroquois  Indians,  903. 

Irvine,  Viscount,  930. 

Irwin  (see  Urwyn),  Mariana,  999;  Sir 
William,  999. 

Isaac,  Nicholas,  merchant,  223. 

Isaacson,  Isaaekson,  Powell,  548,  931 ; 
William,  931. 

Isabella.     See  Ferdinand. 

Isham,  George,  223,  804,  931. 


Islands  of  Virginia  (34°,  4.V^,  N.  Lat.) :  of 
Basses,  4(iii;  Block,  45'.l;  ("ludia,  or 
Claudia,  4-"/.»;  Elizabeth's,  459;  Eme- 
tenic,  or  Emmetenie,  5;i4,  53(1 ;  Haute, 
4(i();  Hog.  407,  827,  1024;  Kent,  888, 
10-58  ;  Las  Ranges,  460 ;  Lobster,  460  ; 
Long,  707,  8'.i2 ;  Martha's  Vineyard, 
4.59;  Monhegan,  25,  191,  4(iO,  880; 
Mount  Desert  (Mount  Mansell,  or  St. 
Sauveur),  460,  662,  664,  (i(i5,  815,  942; 
Mount  Mansell,  942  ;  Mulberry  Island, 
407;  Oni  (aux)  Oiseaux,  461);  Pen- 
coit,  709,  715,  716  ;  Penduis,  460,  936; 
Peree,  460 ;  Portsmouth,  459  ;  Roan- 
oke, 459  ;  Sable,  12  ;  Saint  Croix,  460  ; 
Saint  Georges,  191,  46(J ;  St.  Sauveur 
(see  Mount  Desert),  699,  709,  718,  723, 
815  ;  He  of  Sands,  400  ;  Savidge  Rock, 
460 ;  (Sir  Thomas)  Smith's,  Va.,  641, 
1013  ;  Turkey,  189  ;   Wococon,  459. 

Isle  of  Wight,  England,  413,  475. 

Isle  of  Wight,  Va.,  186. 

Islip,  Mr.  .  stationer,  293. 

Israael  Khan  (Persian),  1000. 

Italy,  38,  270,  603,  917,  927,  989,  1002, 
1027  ;  Florence,  205,  271 ;  Italian  forces 
see  (Romanism),  124;  Italian  paint- 
ings, 1039;  Italians,  607.    See  Rome. 

Ithell,  Mary,  1059 ;  Peiise,  1059. 

Jackman,  ,  908,  965. 

Jackson,  Henry,  215,  931 ;  Rev.  J.  E., 
xvii,  318,  319,  .384. 

Jacob,  Mary,  834  ;  Thomas,  167. 

Jacobopolis.     See  Jamestown. 

Jacobson,  of  Antwerp,  Jacob,  931  ;  Pe- 
ter, 226,  931;  Philip,  226,  468,  771, 
931 

Jacques,  Gabriel,  804,  931. 

Jadwine,  Elizabeth,  931;  Thomas,  468, 
771,  auto..  931,  982;  William,  931. 

Jaggard,  BIr.  John,  stationer,  292 ;  Wil- 
liam, stationer,  767,  1061. 

James  I.     See  James  Stuart. 

James  City,  Va.,  874,  913,  971,  1011, 
1025. 

James  River,  Va.,  29,  10.5-107,  109,  110, 
112,  151,  1.57,  160,  161,  163,  164,  175, 
177,  186,  189,  195,  238,  245,  247,  317, 
330,  341,  394,  397,  4.56,  457,  504,  507, 
508,  519,  520,  805,  808,  829,  841,  904, 
943, 945,  957, 958,  985, 1025, 1026, 1040, 
1047,  1049,  1063 ;  King's  River,  330, 
346,  503,  567,  778  ;  Powhatan's  River, 
l(i4,  484,  567,  583;  King  James  his 
River,  XLVI.  ;  The  King's  River, 
CLVIII. 

James  Town,  Va.,  107,  109,  112,  113, 
161,  175,  176,  187,  188,  238,  247,  259, 
265,  330,  332,  333,  335,  399,  401,  402, 
404,  405,  407,  415,  417,  428,  429,  437, 
479,  484,  485,  487,  490,  492-494,  500, 
,501,  504,  508,  519,  .583,  .585,  599,  617, 
641,  051,  6.52,  660,  702,  709,  743,  747, 
751,  782,  786,  787,  795  815,  823,  835, 


1106 


INDEX. 


841,  908,  933,  945,  967,  987,  990,  1007, 
1008,  1026,  1047,  lOoO,  1063,  1065, 
XL VI.,  LVII.,  CLVIII. ;  James  Fort, 
114,  162-165,  245,  394;  James  Port, 
166  ;  Jacotopolis,  114 ;  "  Jemton,"  709 ; 
Villa  Diego,  llo,  265 ;  Villa  James, 
177  ;    fire  at,  175-177. 

James,  Edward,  merchant-tailor,  303, 
548,  931  ;  Humphrey,  cooper,  215 ; 
John,  fishmonger,  282  ;  Robert,  mer- 
chant-tailor, 304 ;  Roger,  881 ;  Sarah, 
881 ;  Capt.  Thomas,  author,  837,  931, 
932,  985 ;  Thomas  of  Bristol,  21,  66, 
93,  931,  932,  1052 ;  William,  931 ;  Wil- 
liam Lord  Bishop,  542,  932. 

Jamaica,  Long  Island,  707. 

Janson,  William,  932. 

Janus,  5(53. 

Japan,  27,  102,  472,  473,  573,  574,  856, 
859,  916,  949,  973 ;  Japanese,  875. 

Java,  873,  957,  973. 

Jefferson,  John,  963  ;  Peter's  Map  of  Vir- 
ginia, 188 ;  President  Thomas,  x ;  his 
Notes  on  Virginia,  91,  170,  208,  391. 

Jeffreys,  Arthur,  fishmonger,  282. 

Jehanghir,  Great  Mogul  of  India  (1605- 
1627),  985. 

Jener,  Joanna,  986. 

Jenings,  Jennings,  Abram,  391 ;  Sir  Ed- 
mund, 825  ;  Gov.  Edmund,  825  ;  Ed- 
■w  ard,  grocer,  590  ;  Juliana,  925  ;  Nich- 
olas, 925  ;  Thomas,  gTocer,  225. 

Jenkins,  Rear-Admiral  T.  A.,  xvi. 

Jenkinson,  Bridget,  984 ;  Richard,  mer- 
chant-tailor, 304;  Robert,  merchant- 
tailor,  303 ;  Robert,  984. 

Jermy,  Elizabeth,  984  ;  Robert,  984. 

Jermyne,  Sir  Thomas,  466,  543, 803,  932, 
1070. 

Jerningham,  Anne,  863  ;  Sir  John,  863. 

Jesuits,  42,  291,  391,  662,  664,  665,  698- 
729,  732,  742,  815,  1039;  Jesuit  Ar- 
chives, 475,  533,  698,  700 ;  Jesuit  col- 
lege at  Amiens,  700,  706,  724  ;  ' '  Jes- 
niticall  plantation,"  6l6.  See  Acqua- 
viva.  Balthazar.  Biard.  Masse,  Quentin, 
du  Thet,  etc.     See  France. 

Jewell,  James,  804,  932. 

Joachimi,  Heer  Albert  (Dutch),  447. 

Joanes,  Margaret,  1038 ;  William,  1038. 

Jobson,  Humfrev.  gent.,  547,  932;  Wal- 
ter, 804,  932;  "William,  804,  932. 

John,  or  Johns,  Henry,  gent.,  226. 

Johnson,  Abraham,  852  ;  Lady  Arabella, 
85() ;  Ben  (see  Jonson) ;  Isaac,  852  ; 
Edward,  804,  932  ;  George,  merchant- 
tailor,  3l)0  ;  Humfrey,  gent.,  4(J7,  932  ; 
John,  219;  Archdeacon  John,  932; 
Martha,  932;  Mary,  896;  Richard, 
grocer,  225  ;  Robert,  grocer.  Deputy  of 
the  Va.  Co.  (author?),  217  (R.  L  242), 
390,  4()8,  558,  590,  594,  687,  748,  771, 
796,  auto.,  932,  943,  950,  982,  998, 
1015,  lOK) ;  Robert,  merchant-tailor, 
306,  932 ;  Sir  Robert,  212,  932 ;  Thomas 


(two  of  the  name,  one  a  fishmonger,  the 

other  a  merchant-tailor),  219,  220,  281, 
303,  306,  771,  932;  William  (Johnson, 
or  Janson),  vintner,  225,  932. 

Johnston's  History  of  Bristol  and  Bre- 
men, 25. 

(Jolles,  Sir  John),  Lord  Mayor,  773. 

Jones,  Anne,  883 ;  Francis  (Johanes), 
388,  467,  546,  574,  932,  933 ;  Sir  Hen- 
ry, 1023 ;  Hester,  887  ;  Inigo,  author, 
etc.,  604,  864.  933;  John,  228,  548; 
John,  933 ;  Sir  Roger,  883,  887  ;  Arch- 
bishop Thomas,  887 ;  Capt.  Thomas, 
902,  970 ;  Thomas,  390  ;  William,  390  ; 
Sir  William,  1027  ;  William,  996  ;  Zach- 
ary.  Esq  ,  214,  933. 

Jonson,  Ben,  poet,  29,  31,  104,  807,  820, 
844,  864,  906,  912,  933,  945,  1001,  1021, 

1064,  1066 ;  his  mother,  31 ;  Mr. . 

982. 

"Jordaine,  Miss,"  1053. 

Jordan,  Jourdan,  Cicely,  891,  933;  Mar- 
garet, 933 ;  Mary,  933  ;  Samuel,  804, 
891,  933  ;  Sil  (Samuel  ?),  autlior,  419, 
621,  1018  ;  WilUam,  926  ;  William,  of 
Surrey,  984. 

"  Jordan's  Jomey,"  933. 

Joseph,  Capt.  Benjamin,  662,  677,  822, 
878,  933. 

Joshua,  John,  gent.,  221,  933. 

Josslyu,  Edward,  Esq.,  894 ;  Mary,  894. 

Joubert,  Sergeant  (French),  710. 

Journalist,  the  first  English,  837. 

Joy,  M. ,  2,  933. 

Judde,  Alice,  1012;  Sir  Andrew,  839, 
868,  1012,  1017. 

Jugge,  Richard,  stationer,  991. 

Juke,  Anthonv,  merehant-taUor,  304. 

"Justice  Shallow,"  818,  992,  996. 

"  Andrew  Juxe  "  (Judde  ?),  975. 

Juxon,  John,  933  ;  John,  merchant-tailor, 
305,  390  ;  Raphe,  1000  ;  Thomas,  gro- 
cer, 1000  ;  Thoma.s,  228,  390,  933,  934; 
Bishop  William,  933,  1000. 

Kalbfleisch.  Mr.  Charles  H.,  xvi ;  his  li- 
brary, 181,  182,  242,  280,  284,  295, 
323,  337,  360,  421,  428,  478,  558,  600, 
612,  621,^623,  746,  797. 

Kay,  or  Kaye,  Dorothy,  846;  Robert, 
846  ;  ,  1054. 

Kebel,  Alice,  827. 

Kecoughtan,  158,  490,  504;  Kequough- 
tan,  782  ;  Kekataugh,  187  ;  Keeketan, 
1060 ;  Kicowtan,  1025 ;  Kicquotan, 
1034  ;  Kicoughton,  924. 

Keightley.     See  Ketley. 

Keile,  Sir  John,  545,  934. 

Keith.     See  Keth. 

Kelke,  Sir  Charles,  211,  934. 

Kellaway  (see  Callaway),  Agnes,  880; 
Ann,  897  ;  Sir  William,  897. 

Kelly,  Elizabeth,  898  ;  John,  898. 

Kelway  (see  Kellaway),  Anne,  912; 
Mary,  856 ;  Robert,  912. 


/ 


INDEX. 


1107 


Kempe,  Anne,  1001  ;  Emmeline,  996  ; 
Mary,  879  ;  Sir  Nicholas,  8S1  ;  Rey- 
nold, 814 ;  Robert,  769  ;  Sir  Thomas, 
879,  1001  ;  Sir  WiUiam,  99(5. 

Kendall,  Abraham,  15,  2o,  934  ;  Edwin, 
r).'")7,  9ol;  ('apt.  George,  77,  l'>8,  167, 
934  ;  Gilnior  S.,  4.">2  ;  John,  996  ;  Miles, 
9;J4  ;  Mr.  ,  984. 

Keneridgeburg-,  Richard,  gent.,  223,  984. 

Kennebeck  River,  191,  460,  588,  535  ; 
Kinib^que,  533,  534 ;  Sagadahoc,  14(), 
191,  193-195,  428,  433,  460,  533,  567, 
942. 

Kensington,  179,  654,  862,  979;  Lord. 
See  Henry  Rich. 

Kent,  62,  180,  470,  772. 

Kent,  Henry,  804,  934. 

Kent  Island,  888,  1058. 

Kenton,  Dr.  Henry,  27. 

Kerrell,  or  Kerrill  (see  Carril),  John, 
468,  771  ;  Richard,  216,  935. 

Kerry,  ,  1054. 

Keth,  Keith,  Rev.  George,  .557,  934. 

Ketley,  Keightley,  Thomas,  224,  842, 
934. 

Kettell,  Ellen,  905. 

Kettleby,  John,  gent,  228,  934;  John, 
Esq.,  546. 

Key,  John,  merchant  tailor,  305. 

Keyle,  Mr. ,  stationer,  292. 

Keymis,  Capt  Lawrence,  author,  23,  934, 
977. 

Kighley,  Anne,  847  ;   Henry,  847. 

Kiiligrew,  Anne,  956  ;  Dorothy,  998,  999 ; 
Elizabeth,  828,  984 ;  Henry,  author, 
935;  Sir  Henry,  956,  999;  Margaret, 
898  ;  Sir  Robert,  828 ;  Sir  Robert,  93, 
211,  282,  466,  934.  935,  944;  Thomas, 
author,  985  ;  Sir  William,  author,  985  ; 
Sir  William,  823,  934. 

Killultagh,  Viscount.  —  Edward  Con- 
way. 

Kimbolton  MS.,  33,  94,  496,  549,  599, 
645,  790,  796,  802,  824,  875,  952,  975, 
978,  979,  982. 

Kine.     See  Cattle. 

King,  Anne,  l()8o;  George,  1086  ;  Bishop 
John,  author,  610,  845,  935,  9()8,  1044; 
Capt.  John,  467,  547,  935,  957  ;  Ralph, 
219,  469,  771,  935  ;  Rufus,  707  ;  Capt. 
William,    219;     Capt.    William,    888; 

Capt.  William,   941 ;  Capt.  ,  329, 

935. 

Kingdon,  Mr.  J.  A ,  xvii,  250,  562. 

Kingsley,  Charles,  972. 

Kingsmill,  Bridget,  902  ;  Katherine,  960  ; 
Sir  R.,  902  ;   William,  Esq.,  960. 

Kingston.     See  Kyngston. 

Kingston-upon-HuU,  85. 

Kinistone,  Ellis,  168. 

Kinsale,  882,  84:3,  899. 

Kirby,  .Jeffrey,  grocer,  590;  John,  raer- 
ciiant-tailor,  8U4. 

Kirkam,  Robert,  390  ;  Walter,  Esq  ,  546, 
985. 


Kirke,  Capt.  David,  841,  946;  George, 
1004. 

Kirkhaven,  Kirchhoven,  etc.,  Charles  H., 
104!) ;  John  P.,  1040. 

Kirrill.     Sde  Kerrell. 

Kirton,  Josias,  gent.,  218. 

Kiskaick.     S,;e  Chescheak,  504. 

Knaresborough.     See  Keneridgeburg. 

Knatchbull,  John,  997,  1011  ;  Mary,  996. 

Knevet,  Catherine,  844  ;  Catherine,  927, 
928,  978  ;  Sir  Henry,  844 ;  Sir  Hem-y, 
927,  928,  978 ;  Lord,  120. 

Knight,  Ma.ster  John,  64 ;  Robert,  fish- 
monger, 281 ;  Mr.  ,  stationer,  298; 

,  Esq.,  953. 

Knightley,  Richard,  803,  935,  981; 
Thomas,  Esq.,  935  ;  Sir  Valentine,  466, 
■54^3  935 

Knights  in  the  Va.  Co.,  52,  53,  210-212, 
264,  809,  466,  467,  542-545,  571,  574, 
803-805. 

Knolles,  Richard,  historian,  1007. 

KuoUys,  Knolles,  etc.,  Anne,  1045 ;  Cath- 
erine, 1046 ;  Jane,  1054 ;  Joan,  1022  ; 
Sir  Francis,  935,  1045,  104(),  1054; 
Capt.  Francis,  16,935,  1045, 1046  ;  Hen- 
ry, Esq.,  960;  Lettice,  960:  Lettice, 
8'77,  882,  1045,  104() ;  Robert,  1046; 
Robert,  10.58;  William,  1022;  Wil- 
liam Lord,  542,  677,  679,  686, 928,  935, 
1U45,  1046,  Port,  621. 

Knowles,  Thomas,  221. 

Knowle-  Park,  772. 

Knox,  Rev.  John,  reformer,  9.39. 

"  Kocoum,  a  captain  called,"  967. 

Kymages,  829,  880. 

Kyngston,  Kingston,  Felix,  stationer,  279, 
298,  294,  559,  609,  612,  684,  765. 

Kynnersley,  Henry,  merchant-tailor,  304. 

Laconia,  903. 

Lad,  Thomas,  894. 

Ladies  in  the  Va.  Co.,  467,  542. 

Lafuente,  Fray  Diego  de  (Spaniard),  816, 
886,  900. 

Laguna,  Marquis  de  la  (Spaniard),  622. 

Lake,  Sir  Arthur,  979;  John,  518;  Sir 
Thomas,  635,  851,  871-873,  899,  935, 
936,  1058. 

Lakes,  81,  88;  Salt  Lake,  793. 

Lambert,  Sir  Oliver,  122. 

Lambeth  Palace  Library,  xvii,  140,  141, 
170,  171,  786,  823,  848. 

La  Mothe  F^nelon  (French),  diplomat, 
916. 

Lancaster  Countv,  Va.,  802. 

Lancaster,  Sir  James,  22,  23,  .388,  574, 
936  ;  Judith,  1056  ;  Roger,  1056. 

Land-marks,  780. 

Landowners,  or  first  landed  gentry  of 
Virginia,  549,  550,  774,  777-779,  7!'8 
(see  Shareowners)  ;  shares  of  land  in 
Virginia,  549,  5.50,  762,  774-779 ;  lands 
to  be  granted  in  Virginia,  62,  ()8,  68, 
230,  253,  273,   274,  549,  550,  798  (see 


1108 


INDEX. 


shares  in  Virginia);  "division  of  the 
country,"  702,  775,  777-771),  798;  pub- 
lic lands,  873.  See  Commissioners  for 
dividing  the  lands. 

Land  office  of  Virginia,  91. 

Land  of  Virginia,  15(3,  286,  315.  See 
Virginia. 

Landman,  Christopher,  468,  936 ;  John, 

804,  mn 

Land's  End,  461,  489. 

Lane,  Henry,  908  ;  Sir  Ralph,  936  ;  Capt. 
Ralph,  14,  15,  19,  793,  794,  908,  936, 
1002,  1041,  10."il ;  William,  merchant- 
tailor,  304  ;  William,  merchant-tailor 
of  Paterno.ster  Row,  305. 

Langam,  Langham,  Capt.  George,  680, 
936. 

Langiey,  Jolin,  fishmonger,  281 ;  John, 
809. 

Langton,  Langston,  Jane,  825 ;  Thomas, 
936  ;  Thomas,  390,  936. 

Languet,  Hubert  (French),  1002. 

Lansdowne,  Lord.     See  Grenville. 

Lansdowne  MS. ,  36,  37. 

Large,  Robert,  fishmonger,  282. 

Larkin,  ,  1057. 

La  Saussaye.     See  Saussaye. 

Las  Casas.     See  Casas. 

Latham,  Peter,  gent.,  217,  936. 

Latin,  documents  in,  145,  146,  700-706. 

Latitude,  81. 

Laud,  William,  Archbishop  of  Canter- 
bury, 811,  846,  890,  921,  946,  985, 
10.58. 

Laudonni^re  (Huguenot),  4,  5,  908. 

"  Laughing  King  "  (Indian),  99(i. 

Laughton,  Langton,  etc.,  John,  391  ; 
Thomas,  fishmonger,  21(5,  280. 

Laurence,  Lawrence,  Elizabeth,  893; 
John,  93(5 ;  Matthew,  893 ;  Sir  Oliver, 
893  ;  William,  804,  936. 

Law,  Mr. ,  stationer,  293  ;  Matthew, 

stationer,  312,  1(J61. 

Laws,  etc.,  of  the  Colony  and  Company  of 
Virginia,  192,  321,  372,  377,  461,  528- 
530,  771,  801 ;  of  nations,  39,  674,  675  ; 
martial,  23(5,  320,  801  ;  pertaining  to 
laws,  or  lawyers :  Bernard's  Inn,  27  ; 
candlemas  term,  608  ;  in  capite,  779 ;  in 
chancery,  623-(i31,  655;  civil  causes, 
70;  civil  matters,  235  ;  constitution,  91- 
95;  courts  of  the  Va.  Co.,  vii:-ix,  549, 
550;  depositions,  730;  draconic  code, 
529 ;  Gray's  Inn,  678 ;  Inns  of  Court, 
604;  judges,  55(J  ;  judgment,  69;  ju- 
dicial proceedings,  70;  jury,  trial  by, 
69;  law  and  vei-tue,  605;  license,  ■>2  ; 
Lincoln's  Inn,  ()04,  781 ;  magistrates, 
271,  301  ;  Middle  Temple,  (i()4;  of- 
fenses, 68;  offenders,  70,  5(»();  pardon. 
69;  penalties,  (il,  (58 ;  Persian  laws, 
261  ;  recorders,  vii ;  socage-tenure,  77'.' ; 
suit-at-law,  550,  ()l:3-63l  ;  tenure,  779; 
Teni])le,  37^).  See  Advice,  Agreement, 
Articles,  Burgesses,  Charters,  Councils, 


Evidence,  Government,  Instructions, 
Orders,  Ordinances,  Parliament,  State, 
etc.  See,  also,  the  following  lawyers  : 
Archer,  Atkinson,  Bacon,  Baker,  Sir 
John  Bennet,  Robert  Berkley,  Bing, 
Bingiey,  Sir  John  Bouchier,  Christo- 
pher Brooke,  Brooker,  Bullock,  Cae- 
sar, Canner,  Sir  George  Carew,  Carvil, 
Coke,  Connock,  Coppin,  Coventry, 
Crew,  Sir  J.  Davis,  feir  D.  Digges, 
Doderidge,  Draper,  Dunn,  A.  and  R. 
Dyot,  Egerton,  Evelin,  Evvens,  W.  Fer- 
rar.  Sirs  H.  and  J.  Finch,  R.  Freeman, 
Fuller,  Gates,  Gee,  Gentilis,  Sir  H.  Gil- 
bert, Hakewill,  Thomas  Hanham, 
Heale,  Heath,  E.  Herbert,  Heron,  L. 
and  N.  Hide,  Hobart,  Hoskins,  Irby, 
Thomas  James,  E  Johnson,  Sir  Wil- 
liam Jones,  John  and  Ricliard  Martin, 
May,  Montague,  J.  and  J.  More,  C. 
Perkins,  Percivall,  E.  and  R.  Phel- 
lipps.  Sir  W.  Poole,  Alexander  and  Sir 
John  Popliam,  Puckering,  Sandys,  Se- 
bright, Selden,  Shelley,  J.  Smith  of 
Nibley,  Robert  Stevens,  Thomas  Stile, 
Strachey,  Sutton,  Tanfield,  Tate,  Lew- 
is Tresham,  Wale,  Thomas  Walker, 
Walter,  Warre,  David  Waterhouse, 
John  White,  Williamson,  WoUey,  J. 
and  T.  Wroth. 

Lawson,  Capt.  Thomas,  417,  492,  937; 
Thomas,  gent.,  228;  William,  mercer, 
21(5,  938. 

Layton,  Sir  Thomas,  844. 

Leake,  Mr. ,  stationer,  292. 

Learned  professions,  xiv.  See  Doctors, 
Lawyers,  and  Ministers. 

Lease,  Jane,  974  ;  Thomas,  974 ;  Vincent, 
974. 

Leate,  Leake,  Huet,  937 ;  Nicholas,  11, 
388,  469,  548,  574,  766,  937,  982,  Pcni., 
631  ;   Richard,  937. 

Leavat.     See  Lever. 

Lee,  Lea,  Leigh,  Ley,  Anne,  851  ;  Charles, 
24,  27,  937,  1007;  Dr.  Edward  (1482- 
1544),  1031  ;  Sir  Francis,  4(56,  543, 
937  ;  Sir  Francis  Henry,  989 ;  Henry, 
218,  937;  Sir  Henrv,  844,  8.55;  Sir 
Henry,  Jr.,  982:  Sir  Henry,  1003; 
Hugh,  249,  509,  937  ;  Sir  James  (Ley), 
900,  102(5,  1027;  Sir  Oliffe,  27,  937; 
Richard,  Esq  ,  546  ;  Sir  Robert,  545  ; 
Sir  Robert,  Lord  Mavor,  851  ;  Gen. 
Robert  E.,  825,  888;  iSidney  L.,  811; 
Sir  Thomas,  Lord  Mayor,  937. 

Leech,  Mr. ,  921. 

Leeds,  Sir  Thomas.  4(56,  544,  937. 

Lefroy's  History  of  the  S.  I  ,  416. 

Lefroy's  Memorials  of  the  Bei-mudas, 
41(5,  .557,  7(!0,  774. 

Legate,  John,  gent.,  467,  547,  937 ;  Capt. 
John,  64,  101,  122,  138,  139,  1033; 
Thomas,  1033. 

Legh,  Gerard,  author,  1046. 

Leicester,  735,  737. 


INDEX. 


1109 


Leicester.  Eails  of.  —  Robert  Dudley  and  | 

Robert  Sidney. 
Leiyb    (see    Lee),    Alice,  882 ;    Francis, 

E;irl  of  Chicbester,    itoT  ;    Jobn,    Esq., 

DoT  ;  Sir  Jobn,  'J2!);  Sir  Tiiomas.  tl2'.» ; 

Sir  Thomas,  Baronet,  88-  ;  Sir  Tbomas 

(i03!)-i()T7),  !•;;•. 

Lembri.     See  Lymbry. 

Le  Moine  (see  Moyne),  Jacques  (Hugue- 
not), 5,  101)1. 

Le  Moine,  of  Dieppe  (French),  712. 

Lemon,  Sir  Jobn,  Lord  Mayor,  94o. 

Lemos.  Count  (Spaniard),  lOO,  101,  144, 
937,  938. 

LeNeve"s,  Knights,  965. 

Lennard.  Lennad,  Leonard,  Capt.  Greg- 
ory, 10(54 ;  Henry  Lord  Dacre,  1004  ; 
Sir  Samuel,  407,  o-io,  938. 

Lenox,  Duke  of.  —  Ludovic  Stuart. 

Lenox,  Mr.  James,  590,  780;  Library, 
181.  477,  000,  740. 

Leo,  Jobn,  ''  a  More,"  970. 

Leppington,  Lord.  —  Robert  Carey. 

Lerma,  Duke  of  (Spaniard),  196,  260, 
509-511,  850,  938,  907. 

Lescarbot,  Mark  (Huguenot),  author, 
32:J.  725. 

Let,  Richard,  221. 

Letters,  to  be  sent  away  from  Virginia 
only  with  the  aj^proval  of  the  governor, 
398,  399  ;  Indians  not  able  to  "  conceive 
the  force  of  wi-iting  of  letters,"  791, 
792  ;  to  or  from.  See  A-ibbot,  Acqua- 
viva.  Archer,  Argall,  Arostegui,  Bal- 
thazar, Barlee,  Biard,  Biondi,  Carew, 
Carleton,  Cecil,  Challenge,  Chamber- 
laine,  "circular  letters,"  ''cities," 
"companies,"  "corporations,"  "com- 
mittees," Connvallis,  Cottington,  Coun- 
cils of  England.  Spain,  and  the  Vii^inia 
Colonies,  Crasbaw,  Customs  Officers, 
Dale,  Digby,  "  Dutchman,"  Edmondes, 
Evelyn,  '"  Excellent  Lady,"  Gondomar, 
Gorges,  Gough,  Hawes,  Heraidds,  How- 
ard, Hughes,  Lake,  Lee,  Lerma,  Lord 
Mayors,  Lorking,  Louis  XIH.,  Mat- 
thew, Middleton,  Mocket,  Molina, 
Monke,  Montmorency,  Moore,  Moryson, 
Newport,  Pedrasti-a,  Pereda,  Percy, 
Perkins,  Philip  IIL,  Plymouth,  Pop- 
ham,  Pory,  Puckering,  RatclifPe,  Ra- 
legh, Roe,  Rolfe,  Sanchez,  Sandwich, 
Sandys,  Saville,  Smith,  Smytbe,  Som- 
ers,  Stallenge, ''  States  General."  Straeh- 
ey,  Anne  (Queen),  Henry  (Prince),  and 
James  (King),  Stuart,  Talbot,  Tindall, 
Towns  (pp.  7')0,  761),  Treasurer,  etc., 
of  Virginia,  Velasco,  Warner,  Weld, 
West  (Lord  De  la  Warr).  Whitaker, Wil- 
son, Winwood,  Wriothesley,  and  Zufiiga. 

Levant,  8.59,  1024  ;  pirates,  917,  942,985. 
See  Turkey. 

Lever,  Leavat,  Leverat,  Heth,  8l?>; 
Thomas,  813;  Thomas,  219,  468,  771, 
938. 


Leverat, ,  9.^. 

Leveson.  Levison,  Sir  John,  467,  543, 
938 ;  Richard,  802,  938 ;  Sir  Richard, 
951  ;  Mr. ,  388. 

Levett.  Levette,  Christopher,  938 ;  John, 
merchant,  228,  938. 

Lewellin.  Morris,  222,  938,  982. 

Lewin,  William,  897. 

Lewis,  Hon.  E.  P.  C,  x\-i ;  Edward,  grocer, 
222, 938  ;  Elizabeth,  1054  ;  William,  391. 

Lewknor.     See  Lukin. 

Ley  (see  Lee),  Sir  James,  900, 1026, 1027. 

Libraries.  See  Archives  of  Simancas, 
Spain  ;  Ashmole's  Museum,  London ; 
S.  L.  M.  Barlow,  New  York  ;  Marquis 
of  Bath,  England  ;  Bodleian,  London  ; 
J.  Carson  Brevoort,  New  York  ;  Biit- 
ish  Museum,  London ;  Carter-Brown, 
Rhode  Island  ;  Lord  Charlemonts,  Dub- 
lin ;  Congress,  Washington,  D.  C.  ; 
Charles  Deane,  Mass.  ;  Drake,  Eng- 
land ;  Grenville  collection,  London ; 
Harvard,  Mass.  ;  Hatfield,  England ; 
Huth  collection,  London ;  Lnperial.  at 
Paris  ;  Jesuit  archives,  at  Rome  :  Kalb- 
fleisch.  New  York  ;  Lambeth  Palace, 
London ;  Lenox,  New  York  ;  Duke  of 
Manchester,  London ;  Massachusetts 
Hist.  Society  ;  New  York  Hist.  Society  ; 
Society  of  Antiquaries,  London ;  Vir- 
ginia State  Librarv. 

Lichfield.  Nicholas,  Esq.,  546,  938,  949. 

Liddiott,  George,  merchant-tailor,  307. 

I.,igon  (see  Lygon),  Cicely,  901,  902; 
William,  992. 

Lilly,  Joseph,  the  astrologer,  951. 

Limits  of  the  Spanish  possessions  in 
America,  669-075. 

Lincoln,  Countess  of,  1045. 

Lincoln,  Earl  of.  —  Henry  Clinton. 

Lincoln,  Grant,  981. 

Lindesev,  Lindsev,  Earl  of,  962  ;  Capt. 
Richard,  213,  938. 

Lisbon,  Portugal,  19, 101,  137,  138,  249, 
472,  511,  531,  589,  592,  606,  607,  609. 

Lisle,  Viscount.  —  Robert  Sidney. 

Lists  of  patrons,  209-228,  280-282,  292, 
293,  303-;^07,  387-391,  465-469,  542- 
.549,  594,  770,  771,  796,  797.  802-805. 

Little  Powhatan.     See  Taux-Powhatan. 

Littlefield,  Edward,  219. 

Littleton.  John,  Esq.,  992. 

Litton,  Lvtton.  Lord,  938  ;  Sir  Rowland, 
93S;  William,  Esq.,  546,  655,  938. 

Lizard,  The.  141. 

Llovd,  David,  historian,  906,  1040 ;  Capt. 
Edward,  213. 

Lloyd.     See  Floyd. 

Lobel,  Matthew,"  botanist,  1066. 

Lock,  Locke,  Lok,  Jobn,  the  philosopher, 
939;  Michael,  author,  8,  897,  939; 
Michael,  840,  Rose,  reformer,  939;  Sir 
William,  919,  939. 

Lodge,  Francis,  804,  938;  Luke,  223, 
892,  938  ;  Peter,  804,  938 ;  Sir  Thomas, 


1110 


INDEX. 


4,  839,  939 ;  Dr.  Thomas,  poet,  21, 939 ; 
Timothy,  fishmonger,  li81. 

Lodge's  Life  of  Sir  Julius  Caesar,  813, 
840 ;  Illustrations  of  British  History, 
12,  321 ;  Portraits,  84v,  849,  927,  928, 
1063. 

London,  vi,  xiii,  11,  36,  45,  46,  51-54,  85, 
88,  97,  102,  106,  110,  116,  118,  126, 
141,  147,  152,  172,  175,  197,  208,  209, 
240,  241,  250-254,  265,  279,  280,  283, 
294,  296,  308,  312,  314-316,  329,  337, 
338,  356,  357,  359,  360,  873,  383,  388, 
391,  418-420,  439,  440,  445,  455,  469, 
473,  474,  494-496,  523,  526,  528,  532, 
537,  559,  560,  562,  571,  572,  576,  595, 
601,  602,  610-612,  621,  631,  633,  635, 
637,  638,  645,  656-659,  667,  675,  676, 
678-680,  684-687,  697,  705,  722-725, 
735,  737,  746-748,  756,  759,  761,  765- 
767,  769,  771-774,  780-782,  784,  791, 
811-1070,  passim  ;  Archers  of,  924  ; 
artillery,  831,  909;  Bank  of  England, 
910,  1031  ;  Banquetting-  House,  678 ; 
Bernard's  Inn,  -6  ;  Billingsgate,  30 ; 
Blackfriars,  747 ;  Blewe  Anchor  Tav- 
erne,  30  ;  Booksellers  (see  Stationers), 
495;  "  Britaines  Burse,"  595,  1054; 
Burbage's  Company,  637 ;  Burleigh 
House,  850  ;  citizens  of,  4()8,  469,  547, 
548,  571 ;  Cope  Castle,  179,  862,  979 ; 
Durham  House,  179 ;  Exeter  House, 
206,  850  ;  Fenchurch  Street,  747  ;  Fil- 
pot  (see  Philpot)  Lane  ;  fire  of  1666,  ix, 
2-50,  571  (see  under  Russia  Company) ; 
Fleet  Street,  791  ;  Gate  House,  610 ; 
Globe  Theatre,  637  ;  Gray's  Inn.  678 ; 
Guilds  (see  Companies) ;  Herald's  Col- 
lege, 3il8,  3(19 ;  Holland  House  (see 
Cope  Castle)  ;  Inns  of  Court,  r)t)4  ;  Ken- 
sington, 179,  654,  862,  979  ;  Lincoln's 
Inn,  604 ;  Londoners,  769 ;  London 
Derry,  611;  Lyceum  Theatre,  851; 
Mermaid  Club,  945,  1061 ;  Middle  Tem- 
ple, 604  ;  New  Bourse,  179  ;  Newgate, 
767 ;  Notes  and  Queries,  Vtl6,  1027 ; 
Old  Jewry,  57 1 ;  Pageant,  667  ;  Philpot 
Lane,  248,  439,  445,  465,  7<i4.  1014; 
Precepts,  254.  277,  324  ;  Public  Record 
Office,  115  ;  Royal  Exchange,  7li7.  860 ; 
St.  Dunston's  churchyard,  791  ;  St. 
Mary  Cole  Church,  571,  572  ;  St.  Mary 
Wool  Church,  572  ;  St.  Saviour's,  South- 
wark,  282,  283,  1029;  St.  Sepulchre, 
319,  7<>7  ;  Temple,  373;  Temple  Bar, 
604;  Thames,  82,  251,  583;  Tower, 
358,  774;  Trained  B.and.  831,  937, 
1012;  Wellington  Street,  851 ;  White 
Chappel,  282,  283,  287 ;  Wood  Street 
counter,  1048.  See  British  Museum, 
Companies,  Hampton,  Highgate,  Libra- 
ries, London,  Aldermen  of,  Lord  May- 
ors, Lotteries,  Merchants,  Parliament, 
Paul's  Church,  or  St.  Paul's,  Society  of 
Antiquaries,  Stationers'  Hall,  Virginia, 
Westminster,  White  Hall. 


London,  aldermen  of,  252,  253.  See  Ab- 
bot, Abdy,  Allen,  Barkham,  Barnes, 
Bateman,  Bolles,  Bond,  Campbell, 
Chester,  Cletheroe,  Cockayne,  Cordell, 
Cotton,  Craven,  Deane,  Freeman,  Ger- 
rard.  Gore,  Hamersley,  Hansford,  Hay- 
don,  Hayward,  Heron,  Hicks,  Hodges, 
Humble,  Johnson,  Jones,  Lodge,  Mar- 
tin, Middleton,  Mildniay,  Norton, 
Parkhurst,  Plumer,  Pyott,  Rainton, 
Romney,  Rotherara,  Slany,  Smiths, 
Soame,  Spencer,  Staplers,  Stile,  Venn, 
Watts,  Weld,  Whitmore,  and  Wollas- 
ton. 

London  in  1616,  drawn  by  Visscher, 
frontispiece  to  vol.  ii.,  showing  the 
bridge  with  the  traitors'  heads,  Burley 
House,  various  churches.  Fishmongers' 
Hall,  Guild  Hall,  Leaden  Hall,  St. 
Paul's,  The  Tower.  White  Hall,  etc. ; 
Southwark,  the  Globe,  the  Swan,  etc.  ; 
and  the  Thames,  with  the  earliest 
known  rej)resentation  of  a  royal  pro- 
cession by  water  ;  the  notorious  float- 
ing place  of  entertainment  and  resort 
for  the  gallants,  alluded  to  by  Ben 
Jonson,  called  the  Galley  Fuste  ;  ships, 
etc. 

Londonderry,  Earl  of.  —  Thomas  Ridge- 
way. 

Long"  Island,  707,  8S12. 

Longitude.  81. 

Longmans  &  Co.,  416. 

Longston  (see  Langton),  Thomas,  grocer, 
558,  591,  686. 

Lopez.  Franciseus  (Snaniard),  18. 

Lord  Mayors  of  London,  99,  210,  250, 
252-254,  257,  306,  324,  326,  667,  688, 
690,  740,  773;  Pageant.  ()67.  precepts, 
254,  277,  324.  See  Abbott,  Barkham, 
Barnes,  Bolles,  Campbell,  Cletheroe, 
Cockayne,  Cotton,  Craven,  Deane,  Free- 
man, Garwaj".  Gore.  Hamersly.  Jones, 
Lee,  Lemon,  Middleton,  Paikhurst, 
Rainton,  Rov.e,  Soame,  Venn,  Watts, 
Weld  and  Whitmore. 

Lords.     See  Parliament,  and  Peers. 

Lorkin.  Rev.  Thomas,  637,  697,  734,  736, 
COO,  9iJ6,  939,  999,  1014. 

Lotteries  for  sustaining  the  colony  of 
Virginia,  537,  538,  551-553,  555,  558, 
560,  5(n,  568,  570-572,  575,  591,  592, 
594,  608,  633,  634,  ()61,  681,  684,  685, 
687,  690,691,  760-765,  768,  769,  773, 
852,  878,  940,  1005. 

Articles  for  the  second  Lottery,  571  ; 
blanks,  764,  765 ;  "  Booke  called  ye 
Lotterie,"  571  ;  "A  booke  or  thiuge 
called  the  Publicacon  of  the  Lottery 
for  Virginia, ' '  538,  555  ;  books,  broad- 
sides, etc.,  in  behalf  of,  538,  555,  558, 
571,  608,  684,  761-766;  crownes,  764, 
765 ;  differing  of,  558 ;  drawings  of, 
568,  570,  571,  773;  letters  in  behalf  of, 
555,  685,  686,  688,  760,  761 ;  lots,  769  ; 


IXDEX. 


1111 


posies.  705  ;  prices,  or  prizes,  70-3-7<')-) ; 
salt-cellar,  5i*;)-5'.)"2  ;  spoons,  r)72,  IM  ; 
venturers  in:  city  companies.  5()i),  5()1, 
5i«>-5ii:i,  f;.S7,  (J'.HJ,  7'.ll  ;  churches,  571, 
57-  ;  towns,  7')S,  T'lii ;  ministers,  like 
Chaderton  ;  politicians,  like  Sir  Dud- 
ley Digg-es  ;  officials,  like  Lukin  ;  law- 
yers and  M.  P.'s,  like  John  Smith  of 
Pi  ibiG V   etc    etc* 

Louis  XIII.  of  France  (1610-1043),  004, 
700,  707,  713,  723,  729,  732,  733,  757, 
sir>.  980. 

Louisiana,  1020. 

Love,  Joane.  1057;  John,  1057;  Thomas. 
34,  939,  042. 

Lovel,  Lord,  004. 

Lovelace,  Col.  Francis,  040 ;  Mabel,  80  >, 
03 1,  040;  Richard,  poet,  040;  Sir 
Richard,  545,  939.  IO-'jI  ;  Capt.  Wil- 
liam, 213,  S()0,  939,  940;  Sir  Williain, 
545,  708,  818,  939. 

Low,  Lowe,  George  (see  Law),  stationer. 
7S);  Mary,  050;  Vincent,  224;  .Sir 
Thomas.  !>.50. 

Low  Countries.  See  United  States  of  Hol- 
land and  the  Netherlands. 

Low  Country  Wars.  15,  17.  See  list  of 
of  officers  under  Protestantism. 

Lower.  Thomas.  Esq.,  940 ;  Sir  William, 
460,  .544,  910. 

Lownes.  Humphrey,  stationer,  202,  781 ; 
Matthew,  stationer,  270,  2Si) ;  William, 
203  ;  Master ,  781  ;  Master  War- 
den (1012),  stationer,  538. 

Lucar,  Cyprian,  1031;   Emmanuel,  1031. 

Lucv,  Lucv,  850;  Sir  Thomas  ("Justice 
Shallow'"),  818,  850,  002,  990;  Sir 
Thomas,  006. 

Ludwell,  Lucy,  &88 ;  Philip,  805,  903; 
Thomas,  805. 

Lukin,  Lewknor,  Edward,  771,  940,  982  ; 
Sir  Edward,  05(3 ;  Edwin,  gent,  223, 
4«)8,  0S2  ;  ,  03,  237. 

Lulls,  Arnold,  218,  940. 

Lumley.  John.  Lord.  925. 

Luiisford.  Sir  Thomas,  100.5, 

Lusher,  Richard,  lawyer,  840. 

Lygon.     See  Ligon. 

Lymbrye,  Francis  (an  English  spy  in  the 
ser\'ice  of  Spain),  5U7,  50t)-522,  050, 
().53,  003,  702,  730,  741,  743,  782,  &S8 ; 
Lembri.  510,  526;  Maestro  Antonio, 
510,  524,  52.5. 

Lyme  Regis,  302,  .547. 

Lyson"s  Environs  of  London,  909. 

Lyte,  Dorothy,  817;  John,  817. 

Lytton.     See  Litton. 

"Mr.  D[oetor].  M."     See  Mocket. 
Mace.  Capt.  Samuel,  20,  077. 
Macham,  Samuel,  stationer,  241. 
Machell,  John  of  London,  078 ;   John  of 

Virginia,  100."j ;  Sarah,  1005, 
Machumps.  18.") ;  Memchumps,  498. 
Macklyn,  Robert,  20. 


Macock  (see  Maycott),  Capt  Samuel,  040, 

Maddison,  Madison,  Capt.  Isaac,  surveyor, 
400,  401,  782,  033,  940;  President 
James,  040  ;  Mary,  033. 

Maddox,  Thomas,    .S04,    940;    Rev.  Mr. 

,  "  licensed  to  preach   in   all   the 

world,"  S40. 

Madrid,  Spain,  115,  120,  144,  183,  200, 
3.S7.  309,  427,  451,  472,  470,  509,  522, 
530,  533,  530,  537,  539,  553,  550,  560, 
561,  577,  588,  592,  .593,  606,  609,  610, 
621,  631-636,  6.56-658,  662,  667,  668, 
(i07. 

Magazine  of  American  Historv,  421,  589. 

Magellan,  <i71,  8.^4,  017  ;  Ciudad  del  Rey 
Philippe,  (i71  ;   Nombre  de  Jesus,  .071. 

Maguel.  Francisco  (Irish),  393-399,  418, 
4.>7, 940,  1U35  ;  Maguer,  Francis  (Irish), 
940. 

Maguire,  Hugh,  Lord  Fermanagh,  990. 

Maliomet  III.  (1.59.5-1003),  1000. 

Maine,  191,  070,  903,  1039,  1040;  His- 
torical Society,  14.  See  Annapolis, 
Argall's  Bay,  Atlantic,  Biddeford, 
Capes.  Emetenic,  Forts,  Islands,  Ken- 
nebec, Laconia,  Mount  Desert,  New 
England.  Penduis.  Phipp.sburg,  Port 
Royal,  Rivers,  Sabino,  Sagadahoc,  St. 
George,  etc. 

Mainwaring.     See  Manwaring. 

Maise.     See  Corn. 

Mallet,  Sir  John.  04.  940,  009. 

Mallory,  Sir  John,  211,  940  ;  Sir  William, 
940. 

Malouins  Indians,  5.33 

Maltbv,  Christopher,  833  ;  Jane,  833. 

Man,   Mr    Joseph,    079  ;    Mr.  ,  982  ; 

Mr.  ,  Junior.  982.     See  Mann. 

Managers.  See  Founders,  and  Virginia 
London  Co.  of,  organization. 

Manakin  (see  Monacans),  187. 

Manchester,  Duke  of,  33;  Records,  04, 
490,  407,  790,  802,  952,  979.  See  Kim- 
bolton,  MS. 

Manchester,  Earl  of.  —  Henry  Montague. 

Mandeville,  Viscount. —  Henry  Montague. 

Manedo,  114;  manido,  50;  mannido,  127. 

Mann,  Mr. ,  the  elder,  stationer,  292. 

Mannering.     See  Manwaring. 

Manners,  Gertrude,  103.) ;  Thomas,  Earl 
of  Rutland,  1030. 

Mansell,  Mansfield,  Sir  Edward,  941,  042  ; 
Sir  Lewis,  1004 ;  Sir  Robert,  author, 
etc.,  93,  210,  232,  318,  384,  38S,  405, 
466,  474,  574,  640,  748,  75.-J,  770,  803, 
816,  837,  901,  917,  930,  941,  942,  94!, 
957,  96(),  9S(),  9'>!2,  088,  1032;  Sir 
Thomas,  40(1.  .",43.  942,  1004,  1070. 

Manuel.     See  Maguel. 

Manwaring.  Mainwaring,  Mannering,  Sir 
Arthur,  4(i7.  543,  028,  (]30,  803.  870, 
940;  Capt.  Arthur,  942;  Sir  Henry, 
author  and  pirate,  804.  940.  941,  OcSO, 

io.:o. 

Manwood,     Manliood,     Anne.    014;     Sir 


1112 


INDEX. 


Peter,  210,  232,  406,942;  Sir  Roger, 
author,  914,  942. 

Mapes,   Francis,  217,  942. 

Maplesden,  Richard,  219,  468,  771,  942. 

Maps  and  drawings,  or  draughts,  l(j,  45, 
151,  184-190,  203,  323,  324,  330,  4.37- 
461,  .521,  596,  597,  600,  670,  676,  718, 
745,  751,  779,  780;  draught  of  Vir- 
ginia, 151  ;  draughtsmen,  780,  1051 ; 
drawing,  596  ;  engineers,  682  ;  engraved 
maps,  780,  1051;  engraving,  596,  1051; 
landmarks,  780 ;  legend,  459  ;  original 
names,  780  ;  plan  of  Fort  St.  George, 
190-194;  "a  plan  or  map  of  all  that 
he  could  discover,"  457.  See  Charts, 
Surveyors,  Surveys,  etc 

Maps,  charts,  etc.,  makers  of.  See 
Archer,  Argall,  Borough,  Cabots, 
Champlaine,  Claiborne,  Dudley,  Va. 
Ferrar,  Hood,  Hudson,  Hunt,  James, 
Kendall,  Madison,  Menendez,  Norwood, 
Powell,  Pring,  Ridgeway,  Roe,  Smith, 
Tyndall,  White,  Wright,  etc 

Marble  Rocke,  435. 

Marbury,  Anne,  10.39. 

March.     See  Marsh.     Mares.    See  Horses. 

Mada-Henrietta  (French),  848. 

Mariners,  37,  38,  84,  251,  271,  493;  Mir- 
rour,  817  ;  maiitirae  power  of  England, 
268.     See  Naval  Affairs  and  Ships. 

"  Marius,  Adrianus,"  9J:3. 

Markham,  Valentine      See  Bookkeeper. 

Markham's  Fighting  Veres,  17,  959,  1038. 

Marlborough,  Duke  of,  1017. 

Marler  (Marlow  ?),  Walter,  reformer, 
942 ;  Walter,  20,  825,  942,  943. 

Marnix.     See  Saint  Aldegonde. 

Marriages,  Prince  Henry  and  Spain,  387  ; 
Princess  Elizabeth  and  the  Palgrave, 
()<!4,  60(^  610;  Princess  Elizabeth  and 
Philip  in.,  1(  ()7;  Princess  Pocahontas 
and  John  Rolfe,  743,  746,  747, 751, 789, 
1050. 

"  Marrie  not  with  Infidels,"  290. 

"  Marry  the  Salvages,"  572,  632. 

Marriot,  John,  stationer,  791. 

Marsden,  John,  merchant-tailor,  .306. 

Marsh,  John,  221  ;  Roger,  merchant-tai- 
lor, 304. 

Mar.ston,  John,  poet,  29,  31. 

Martin,  Martyn,  Christopher,  804,  909, 
943,  9<i4;  Dorcas,  824;  Dorcas,  840, 
945  ;  Dorcas,  944  ;  Capt.  John,  lawyer, 
1(),  76,  77,  108,  178,  182,  214,  329,  334, 
408,  598,  773,  821,  824,  825,  840,  913, 
943,  944.  945,  1007,  1032,  1047  ;  John, 
gent.,  167,  943,  944;  Sir  Richard,  8, 
840,  94.].  944,  945  ;  Richard,  Esq.,  law- 
yer, author,  etc.,  225,  427, 4(57,  549, 594, 
6()(),  ()92,  694-697,  748,  770,  864,  875, 
945,  999,  Fort,  641  ;  Richard,  944 ; 
Thomas,  20,  944  ;  Thomas,  gent.,  547, 
945. 

Martin's  Brandon,  943;  Martin's  Hun- 
dred, 945. 


Martvr,  Peter  (lalian),  18,  81,  939,  976. 

Mary  Queen  of  England  (1689-1694),  923. 

Maryland,  817,  842,  863,  888,  892,  911, 
1056,  1058 ;  Virginia  and  (tract),  51. 
See  Calvert. 

Maryland  Assembly,  Fleet,  892. 

Mask  of  "  Inns  of  Court,"  604  ;  of  Flow- 
ers, 678,  079. 

Mason,  Dorothea,  986,  987 ;  George,  804, 
945  ;  Sir  John,  1031  ;   Capt.  John,  903, 

945,  1003  ;  Capt. ,  213,  945  ;  Mary, 

1081  ;  William,  fishmonger,  281. 

Massachusetts,  "  Messachuset,"  676,  90.3, 
931,  950,  101:5,  1029,  1030,  1036,  1053, 
1055,  1065  ;  Bay,  194,  460,  1028, ;  His- 
torical Society,  238,  781  ;  collections, 
526,  558,  566,  963 ;  library,  323 ;  pro- 
ceedings, vi,  114,  141,  191,  194,  238, 
664,  730,  733,  980.  See  Atlantic, 
Barnstable,  Bays,  Boston,  Capes, 
Charlestown,  Forts,  Harvard,  Islands, 
Maine,  New  England,  Penguin,  Penin- 
sula, Plymouth,  Rivers,  Scituate,  etc. 

Massachusetts  Company.  See  the  follow- 
ing members :  Aldersey,  Bateman, 
Bellingham,  Coventry,  Freeman,  Gor- 
ges, Harvard,  Harwood,  J.  Johnson, 
Pelhams,  Peters,  Saltonstall,  Stuarts, 
Vassalls.  H.  Waller,  T.  Webbe,  J. 
Wliite,  Wilson,  Winthrop,  Wynche,  and 
others.  See  New  England  Company 
also. 

Massacres  :  St.  Bartholomew,  5,  1002 ;  in 
Florida,  1 7,  947  ;  by  the  Indians  in  Vir- 
ginia, 908,  913,  933,  940,  946,  971, 
1011,  1031,  1032,  1034,  1042,  1043, 
1047,  1054,  K64 ;  Maranhao,  768. 

Masse,  Father  Ennemond  (French  Jes- 
uit), 70(»,  702,  715,  945. 

Master  of  the  Caravel  (Siianiard),  515- 
517,  521,  -522. 

Masts  for  ships,  37,  110,  265,  317,  340, 
363,  482,  564. 

Masulipatam,  873,  973. 

Matahan  (Indian),  761,  Port.,  701. 

Matoaka  (Indian),  ^67.     See  Pocahontas. 

Matthew  (Martyr  :'),  Peter,  360. 

Matthew,  John,  945  ;  Archbishop  Tobias, 
321,  945,  1051 ;  Sir  Tobie,  841,  945. 

Matthews,  Capt.  Samuel,  963,  969,  1058, 
1(5!) 

Maud,  Josiah,  224,  945. 

Maunsell.  Mounsell,  Peter,  220,  408,  945, 
946 ;  Richard,  8i;4. 

Maurice,  of  Nassau  (1587-1625),  448, 
872,  946,  lOt.3,  1037,  Port.,  v.  See 
United  States  of  Holland,  etc. 

Maverick,  Samuel,  194. 

Mawditt,  John,  merchant-tailor.  304 ; 
Otho,  merchant-tailor,  215,  30(i,  946. 

Mawooshen,  26. 

Maximilian  II..  Emperor  of  Germany 
(1564-1576),  father  of  Rudolph  II., 
1002. 

Maxwell,  James,  poet,  1026. 


INDEX. 


1113 


Maxwell's   Virginia  Historical   Register, 

79U,  i)!)o. 

May,  Mave, ,  1 1  ;   Edward,  ix,   452, 

40(5,  SiiS  ;  Elizabeth,  'J2;i  ;  Henry,  23  ; 
Sir  Huniphrev,  54(3,  80:3,  'J22,  'J44, 
948  ;  Joan.  '.122";  Richard.  i>22,  l»23,  'J4(3; 
Mr.  .  ;iS2. 

Maveott  (st'e  Maeock),  Sir  Christopher, 
2I2,  4(50,  54.1.  943. 

Maynard,  Sir  William,  544,  01)5,  946. 

Maverne,  Marv,  82U ;  Dr.  Theodore  de, 
82!). 

Mayo,  Rev.  Charles  Herbert,  xvii ;  Ed- 
ward (see  May),  "  Mavor,"  ix,  452- 
454. 

Mayott,  Christopher,  merchant  -  taUor, 
305. 

Mays.     See  Mease. 

McMillan,  Mr.  H  ,  189. 

Mc  Williams,  Henry,  1022 ;  Margaret, 
1022. 

Mead,  Meade,  Francis,  877 ;  Sir  John, 
903;  Rev.  Joseph,  821,  84-1,  1028; 
Mary,  01)3;  Bishop  William,  of  Vu- 
ginia,  82(5. 

Meadows,  Mediist,  Rev.  Dr.  James,  212, 
946,  982. 

Mease,  Mays,  Rev.  William,  782,  940. 

Meautis,  Mewtis.  Frances,  948  ;  Hercules, 
863;  Jane,  8(53,  948;  Thomas,  948; 
Capt.  Thomas,  213,  943. 

Medici,  Mary  de.  Queen  of  France,  66 1, 
707,  757,  Oi)(),  auto.,  946. 

Medina,  Duke  of  (.Spaniard),  133,  134. 

Medina  -  Sidonia,  Duke  of  (Spaniard), 
675. 

Meetkerke.     See  Van  Medkerke. 

Melendez.     See  Menendez. 

Melshawe,  Mr. ,  178. 

Memchumps      Sea  Machumps. 

Men  sent  to  Virginia,  etc.,  443,  445,  451, 
454,  474,  775,  778,  798. 

Menefie,  George,  913. 

Menendez,  Melendez  (see  Avil^s),  Admi- 
ral Pedro  (Spaniard).  81,  793,  943; 
948,  961,  9(57,  978;  Pedro,  948,  961; 
nephew  to  the  admiral,  793,  94S. 

Mercator,  Gerard  (Flemish  geographer), 
875,  918,  1061. 

Mercers'  Company  of  London,  dealers  in 
silks,  etc  ,  226, '250,  277,  442,  569,  823, 
825,  857,  8.58,  862,  866,  891,  915,  922, 
938,  981,  1045,  1061. 

Merchant,  Capt.  John,  16. 

Merchants,  1,  3,  0,  .52,  53,  214-228.  250, 
251,  255.  264,  267,  269,  271,  289,  326, 
418,  44i),  464,  468,  469,  .542,  547,  548, 
574,  611,  (361,  (569,  076,  680,  681,  722, 
723,  724,  767,  801,  803-805,  1026.  See 
Trades. 

Merchant-Tailors'  Company  of  London, 
104,  226,  250,  .302-308,  690,  691.  See 
Biographies,  829,  834,  857,  867,  885, 
888,  891,  894,  901,  905,  908,  909,  913, 
919,  924,  931-933,  946,  959,  961,  967, 


971,  978,  983,  984,  1011,  1020, 1022, 
1024,  1025,  1030,  1035,  10.55,  106J, 
1(365. 

Mercoeur,  Duke  de,  of  Lorraine,  1(K)7. 

.Mercure  Frantjoise,  142.  595,  596. 

Mercury,  Duke.     See  Mercoeur. 

Meredith,  Anne.  805;  William,  391;  Sir 
William,  3(55. 

Mern  tt,  Humfrey  (Huguenot),  469,  548, 
948 

Merrick,  Sir  John,  diplomat,  etc..  215, 
388,  468,  770,  853,  854,  948  ;  William, 
948. 

Merry,  Sir  Thomas,  546,  948. 

Meteren,  van,  Dutch  historian,  327,  338, 
948. 

Meverell,  Francis,  958. 

Mewtis.     See  Meautis. 

"  Mexico  in  New  Spain,  southward  of 
Nueva  Galicia  and  Guiistecan,"  (5,  7, 
27,  (570,  793,  881,  91(5,  920,  930,  947, 
971,  1(357;  Campeche,  24,  001;  Cape 
Gracias-a-Dios,  880 ;  Central  America 
(then  included  in  Mexico),  934 ;  Chiapa, 
070;  Colima,  070;  Costaricas,  070;  Da- 
rien,  07(3 ;  Guatimala,  67(3 ;  Gulf  of 
Mexico,  670,  881 ;  Honduras,  (370,  901  : 
Honduras  Bay,  24 ;  M  ichuacan,  07(3 ; 
Nicaragua,  670  ;  Nonibre  de  Dios,  67(3, 
075,  7.t2;  Panama,  21,  22,  81,  070, 
(372,  977;  Pannania  (Panama?),  792; 
Porto  Bello,  or  Puerto  Bello,  25,  881, 
934,  901;  Sacatula,  670 ;  (St.  Barbe, 
971) ;  San  Juan  d'Ullua,  0;  Soconuseo, 
67<3 ;  Vera  Cruz,  (5,  7,  5(38,  793,  947 ; 
Veragiia,  670 ;  Yucatan,  24,  670.  See 
Drake,  Elfrith.  Hawkins.  Hortop,  In- 
gram, Kendall.  Mjnendez.  Parker, 
Powhatan,  Ralegh,  Winwood.  etc. 

Mey,   Cornells  Jacobsen  (Dutch),  956. 

Michael  (Romanoff),  "  Emperor  of  Mns- 
covie"  (1(51:3-104')),  0(5(5,  948. 

Michelborne,  Sir  Edward,  27,  93,  210, 
875,  948.  949 

"  Sir  Miehell  "  .  112,  113. 

Middlesex,  Countess  of,  965. 

Middlesex,  Earl  of.  —  Lionel  Cranfield. 

Middlesex,  496. 

Middle  States,  1020. 

Middleton,  Francis.  804;  Sir  Hugh,  949; 
John,  Esq.,  54(5,  938,949;  Richard, 
949;  Robert,  Esq.,  219,  574,  949,  1061 ; 
Sir  Thomas,  grocer,  212.  387,  S>^S,  4(56, 
557,  591.  (567,  (386,  6SS,  690,  803,  932, 
949 ;  Timothy.  932. 

Midwinter  Francis,  107- 

Mildmav,  Sir  Henrv  (three  of  them),  804. 
913,  949,950,  982,  101(5,  10.55;  Sir 
Humfrey,  9-50;  John,  950;  Robert, 
grocer,  225.  4(59,  (587,  950 ;  Thomas. 
Esq.,  407,  543,  950  ;  Thomas,  050 ;  Sir 
Thomas,  9.50;  Walter,  950;  William, 
950 ;   •'  The  Mildmavs,"  892. 

Mllford  Haven.  2(;,  721.  724. 

Miller,  Meller,  Alexander,  merchant-tai- 


1114 


INDEX. 


lor,  804;  James,  862;    John,  548,  950; 
Sir  Robert,  4(5(5,  544,  95U,  1070. 

Millet,  William,  grocer,  887,  889,  548, 
.5v»J,  591,  950. 

Mills,  Capt. ,  213. 

Mineral  Kingdom  :  Mineral  belt  (Appala- 
chian), 10:^0;  mineral  men,  'z-ix),  858, 
85(5,  470 ;  rocks,  588. 

Minerals,  82,  142,  265,  314,  564,  583,  776. 

Mines,  239,  268,  269,  280,  395,  398,  425, 
456,  482,  490,  505,  ,520,  521,  583,  584, 
684,  mS,  (542,  647,  648,  800,  950,  lOOS. 

Mining  privileges,  2;i>4 ;  allum  water, 
642  ;  antimony,  482,  584  ;  Appalachian 
range,  or  system,  17,  584,  lu20  ;  bat- 
tery works,  408;  brass,  110;  cristal, 
142,  368,  5U5,  583  ;  "  Diamants,"  89.:)  ; 
Ducktown  copper  mines,  1020;  earth- 
medicinal,  (54^:;  gems,  814;  lead,  284, 
482  ;  lime-bnrners,  469 ;  machinery, 
398  ;  marble  rock,  485 ;  raetal-fovind- 
ers,  271  ;  metalmen,  248  ;  metals,  521 ; 
red  allum,  642  ;  red  earth,  (542  ;  rabies, 
314 ;  salt-stones,  185 ;  kfrnith's  forge, 
492;  steel,  817,  340,  349,  408,  5«4; 
.stones,  208  ;  terra  sigillata,  584,  642  ; 
tin,  284 ;  tools,  642,  643,  742  ;  treas- 
ure, 395,  683,  792.  See  Brick,  Copper, 
Glass,  Gold,  Iron,  and  Silver.  See, 
also,  Apothecaries,  Goldsmiths,  Iron- 
mongers, and  other  city  companies  of 
London. 

Ministers,  clergy,  divines,  preachers,  209, 
212,  215,  221,  222,  2.55,  258,  2.59,  273, 
290,  291,  301,  353,  356,  443,  4(54,  467, 
468,  469,  499,  542,  545,  547,  572,  683, 
690 ;  polemical  divines,  1029.  See 
Abbot,  Andrews,  Aylmer,  Bancroft, 
Barlow,  Bargrave,  Beilby,  Bernard, 
Boys,  Bradford,  Bradley,  Bridges, 
Buck,  Burley,  Carleton,  Carew,  Carey 
(or  Cary),  Chaderton  (or  Chatterton), 
Copland,  Corbet,  Crakenthorpe,  Cran- 
mer,  Crashaw,  Croft,  Culverwell, 
Dawes,  Delaim,  Donne,  Duppa,  Fenner, 
Ferrar,  Fox,  Frake,  Freake,  Frith,  Ful- 
ler, Gaul,  Glover,  Goche,  Gouge,  Grant, 
Haiward,  Hakewill,  Hakluyt,  Hall, 
Herbert,  Herriek,  Hooker,  Hooper, 
Horsmanden,  Hughes,  Hunt,  Keith, 
King,  Johnson,  Jones,  Jnxon,  Knox, 
Laud,  Lorkin,  Maddox,  Maicot,  Mead, 
Meade,  Matthew,  Meadows,  Mease, 
Mocket,  Montague.  Morton,  Mountaine, 
Parry,  Pask,  Pawlett,  Pedder,  Peters, 
Poole,  Price,  Proctor,  Purchas,  Ravis, 
Ridley,  Robinson,  Sandys,  Seymour, 
Sharpe,  Shepard,  Still,  SutclifFe,  Sv- 
monds.  Usher,  Warburton.  Washing- 
ton, Whitaker,  White.  Whitgift,  Wick- 
ham,  Williams,  Wilson,  and  Wolsey. 
See  Objects,  Protestantism,  Sermons, 
etc. 
Mitch<;ll.  Michell,  Sir  Bartholomew,  94, 
950;    Bartholomew,   Esq.,  1024;    Ber- 


nard, 223,  1070;  Isaac,  223;  Mary, 
1U24. 

Mockett,  Master  Doctor,  author,  373,  730, 
747,  864,  950. 

Mogul,  the  Great,  of  India,  985,  1014. 

Mole,  Mr. ,  982. 

Moles,  Capt.  Henrv,  804,  950. 

Molex,  or  Mutes,  Philip,  804,  955. 

Molina,  Diego  de,  Spanish  spy  in  Vir- 
ginia, 507,  510-522,  524-526,  603,  622, 
u39,  645,  646,  652,  654,  657-660,  663, 
675,  681,  691,  7(2,  730,  737-740,  743, 
74.5,  759,  782,  9."0. 

Mollineux,  Emmeric,  991. 

Molyneux,  Sir  Richard,  897. 

Momford.     See  Montford. 

Momford's  Point,  CLVIII. 

Mompesson,  Sir  Giles,  980. 

Moiiacans,  Indians,  187,  202. 

'■  Monaghan,"  in  Ireland,  1057. 

Montkton,  Sir  John  B.,  xvii. 

Monger,  James,  gent.,  219,  950. 

Monhegan  Island,  25,  191,  460,  880. 

Monke.     See  Muncke. 

Monmouth,  Earl  of.  —  Robert  Carey. 

Monocan,  1^-6. 

Monopolists  (see  Protectionists).  270,  464, 
465.  1017,  1C84. 

Monsell.     See  Maunsell. 

Monson,  Sir  John,  i51  ;  Sir  Thomas,  au- 
thor, 210,  950,  951,  107(1;  Sir  William, 
author,  etc.,  24,  210,418,4.55,  456,899, 

951,  1067. 
Montacute,  Lady,  840. 

Montague,  Sir  Edward,  952  ;  Sir  Edward, 

952,  1001  ;  Edward,  694,  982  ;  Edward 
Wortley,  1060 ;  Sir  Henry,  author,  etc., 
66,  92,  211,  232,  689,  951,  auto.,  952, 
1001,  10.54,  Port,  651 ;  Bishop  James, 
translator,  2(9,  231,  606,  952,  1001, 
Port.,  661  ;  Lady  Mary  Wortley,  au- 
thoress, 1000. 

Monteagle,  Lord.  — William  Parker. 

Montford,  Mountford,  Momford,  Thomas, 
Esq.,  217,  954. 

Montgomery,  E:irl  of.  —  Philip  Herbert. 

Montjoy,  Lord,  898,  1018. 

Montmorencie,  Henri  de  (French),  664, 
665,  729,  952,  953 ;  Henry,  Duke  of, 
952. 

Monts,  Sieur  de  (Huguenot),  40, 278,  322, 
5.34,  719,  727. 

Monyngton,  Richard,  Esq.,  546,  628,  630. 

Moody,  Edward,  merchant-tailor.  304. 

Moore,  Nicholas,  804,  953 ;  Capt.  Thomas, 
16,  329. 

Moore,  More,  Adrian,  468.  953  ;  Andrew, 
217;  Anne.  833,  880,  958;  Elizabeth, 
919;  Elizabeth,  9-54;  Francis.  919;  Sir 
George,  Cm.  92,  173,  210,  859.  694,  S08, 
833,  880,  953  ;  G.  P.,  452  ;  John,  Esq., 
214,  440,  526,  808,  953 ;  John,  Esq  , 
214,  803,  953  ;  John,  908  ;  Alderman 
John,  1033;  McCarthy  (Irish),  897; 
Richard,  stationer,  359  ;    Richard,  gov- 


INDEX. 


1115 


emor  of  the  Bermudas,  557,  001,  082, 
750,  953  ;  Sir  Thomas,  author,  etc.,  2, 
,31,   9:^0,953,954,  978;  William,  218; 

Sir  William,  953 ;  Air. ,  982  ;  Mrs. 

,  1U33. 

Moore's  Lalla  Rookh,  985. 

Morales,  Pedro  (Spaniard),  17. 

Moray,  Earl  of.  —  James  Stewart. 

Mordant,  Lewis,  Lord.  942 ;   Mary,  942. 

Moreno,  Licentiate  Antonio  (Spaniard), 
648. 

Morer,  Moorer,  Richard,  3S7,  389,  548, 
771.  954,  982;  Robert,  grocer,  257,557, 
.501,  59U,  591. 

Moreton  (see  Morton),  Ralph,  gent.,  217, 
954. 

Morgan,  Anne,  1045,  1040;  Sir  Charles, 
212,  954;  Capt.  Matthew.  10,  954, 
1043;  Sir  Thomas,  1045,  1040;  Wil- 
liam, 34  ;  Mr. .  773. 

Morley,  Edward,  Lord,  920 ;  Elizabeth, 
998 ;  James,  998. 

Morocco,  King  of,  1000. 

Morrall,  Morrell,  William,  merchant-tai- 
lor, 305. 

Morris,  Morrice,  Edward,  107 ;  Francis, 
918;  Thomas,  217,  954;  "My  brother 
Morris  and  his  wifs,"  412. 

Morrison,  Moryson,  Lstitia,  954 ;  Sir 
Richard,  325,  934. 

Morton  (see  Moreton),  Sir  Albeit,  841 ; 
Ann,  954 ;  Margaret,  825 ;  Rev.  Dr. 
Thomas,  author,  259,  314,  954. 

Moryson.     See  Morrison. 

Moscoso,  (Spaniard),  1020. 

Moscovie.     Sse  Muscovy. 

Mosely,  Sir  Edward,  773. 

Moses,  Fra.,  453,  454. 

Motley's  United  Netherlands,  929,  930, 
1037. 

Motte,  Sieur  de  la  (French),  689,  710, 
715,  710,  724. 

Mould  (see  Mole),  Mr.  ,  982. 

Moulsoe,  John,  217. 

Moulson,  Thomas,  grocer,  687. 

Mounsell.     See  Maunsell. 

Mounslie,  Thomas,  107. 

Mountaine,  Montaigne,  Rev.  Dr.  George, 
545,  954,  Port.,  071 ;  James,  224. 

Mountains,  gold  showing,  108 ;  high 
mountains  and  vast  deserts,  457;  min- 
erals in  the,  504  ;  gold  in,  647 ;  high 
hilLs,  5S4.  Sae  Appalachian  System, 
Minerals,  etc. 

Mount  Desert  Island,  400,  002,  064,  005, 
815,  942;  Mount  Mansell,  942  ;  Saint 
Sauveur,  699,  709.  71^,  723. 

Maunt  Edgcumbe,  Earl  of,  883. 

Mountford.     See  Montford. 

Mouton  (Morton  ?),  Thomas.  108.^ 

Movement,  the,  xiii,  xiv,  252,  807-  See 
American  Enterprises,  Virginia  Colo- 
nies. 

Mowse,  Arthur,  fishmonger,  216,  280,  954 ; 
Richard,  954. 


Movaoncer,  189. 

Moyle,  Maile,  Thomas,  gent.,  221,  940. 

Moyne.     See  Le  Moyne. 

Moyses.     See  Tzekely. 

Muguet,  Louis  (French),  707. 

Mulberries,  100,  314,  401,  754;  Mulberry 

Island,    Va.,   407 ;  seeds,   1022 ;  trees, 

1022  (white),  205;   muleberries,  104. 
Mulgrave,  Earl  of.  —  Edmund  Sheffield. 

Mun.  Mr. ,  9>2. 

Muncke.    Monke,    Jane,    955;    Levinus, 

114,  954,  955. 
Munds,  Jarvis,  409,  548,  955.  _ 
Munks.  Lawrence,  grocer,  225,  955. 
Munster,  Sebastian  (German),  883. 
Murfin,    Myrfin,    Alice,    Hij^;    Frances, 

8(58 ;  Sir  Thomas,  808. 
Murry,  Murray,  Sir  David,  poet,  467,  544, 

955  ;  Earl  of,  850 ;  Sir  James,  31,  955. 
Muscovv.     See  Russia. 

Mutton "(Mutam  ?), ,  901. 

Mylbourne,  Robert,  stationer,  1042. 
Mytens,  Daniel,  Dutch  painter,  937. 

Nacottawtanke,  488. 

Namontack  Indian,  172,_  246,  396,  996. 

Nansemond  Indians,  1034,  1043. 

Nansemund,  498,  tj40. 

Nantaquans,  Indian,  785. 

Napier,  Alexander,  991  ;  Sir  Alexander, 
991;  Sir  Archibald,  991;  Christian, 
888 ;  John,  Lord,  833,  1001 ;  Sir  Rob- 
ert, 680,  888,  955,  991  (see  Sandv,  257, 
387,  388,  557,  888,  955,  991) ;  "John 
Napper,"  852. 

Napoleon  I.,  387. 

Napper  (see  Napier),  John,  852. 

Narrative  and  Critical  History  of  Amer- 
ica (Winsor),  3,  25,  320,  947,  993. 

Narratives,  109,  127-139,  428-439,  746, 
747. 

Nassau,  Bahamas,  886. 

Native  Inhabitants :  Barbarians,  873 ; 
heathen,  463  ;  Indians.  40,  50,  206,  275, 
333,  339,  344,  392,  395,  401,  403,  405, 
408,  419,  456,  457,  459,  484-488,  491, 
492,  495,  498,  499,  504,  519-521,  523, 
536,  565-567,  581-583,  585,  604,  605, 
634,  638,  640-643,  647,  048,  738,  744, 
740,  701,  785,  789,  791,  792,  904,  906, 
983,  1020,  1031,  1034;  infidels,  673, 
890  ;  inhabitants,  16,  17,  20,  27,  74,  84, 
113,  279,  322,  398,  044,  873,  1051  ; 
nation,  barbarous,  775;  natives,  289, 
349,  396-398,  777,  795  ;  savages,  or  sal- 
vages, 90,  97,  114,  127-130,  137,  145, 
152-154,  150-160,  108,  109,  174,  175, 
189,  191,  202,  246,  247,  2()5-207,  271, 
272,  298,  299,  323,  324,  333,  303,  366, 
307,  401,  492,  493,  503,  532,  572,  581, 
599,  600,  001,  664,  709,  710,  775,  801, 
911;  Virginian,  314;  ambush,  483; 
Anak,  289,  1030;  arrowheads,  1-53; 
baskets,  48(i ;  bason  for  Powhatan,  178  ; 
beads,  115,  153,  159,486;  bed  forPow- 


1116 


INDEX. 


hatan,  178,  199;  beUs,  174,396 ;  bread, 
164,  16'),  168,  485  ;  eanibals,  153  ;  cen- 
ser, 498 ;  clothes  for  Powhatan,  178  ; 
coat,  Powhatan's,  199  ;  eowree  shells, 
199 ;  crown  for  Powhatan,  178,  396  ; 
dance,  498,  499 ;  dav's  journey,  583, 
584;  decov,  4S3,  1007 ;  deerskins,  199, 
396,  520; "dictionary,  566,  567;  edu- 
cated, to  be,  789 ;  Emperor  of  Virginia, 
396,  397 ;  ewer  for  Powhatan,  178 ; 
flute,  160 ;  gingles,  801 ;  glass  beads 
(see  beads) ;  hatchets,  153,  162,  164, 
485 ;  hatchet  of  iron,  174 ;  hostages, 
641,  643;  Indian  saganio,  718;  Indian 
"whoop,  487  ;  jewels,  159 ;  knives,  153, 
174,  396 ;  magic,  535 ;  market,  396 ; 
marriage  (see  John  Rolfe)  ;  "  marrie 
not  with  Infidels,' '  290 ;  marry  the 
savages,  572,  632 ;  matts,  158,  160 ; 
mirrors,  396 ;  money  of  the  country, 
199  ;  morris  dancers,  498  ;  oration,  159; 
pipe  (tobacco).  158;  presents,  178; 
priest,  4y!S ;  quiockosite,  498 ;  rings, 
178 ;  savage  towns,  162,  330 ;  saws, 
174 ;  "  spirit  in  the  paper,"  792  ;  sun- 
worship,  166,  169,  605  ;  tobacco  pipe  of 
peace,  161;  traffique,  481,  486,  756; 
tribe,  762  ;  tribute  from,  873  ;  trifles, 
396,  801 ;  truck,  567 ;  trucking,  493 ; 
Virginian  boy,  who  could  write,  1005, 
1031  ;  Virginian  priests,  604,  605  ;  war, 
or  peace,  take  your  choice,  the  pipe  or 
the  bow,  161;  weares,  403;  "  whoap 
ubband  oulis,"  487;  witches,  499  ;  yel- 
low-haired Virginian,  163.  Looking 
backward  '  these  Savages  had  no  par- 
ticidar  propertie  in  any  part  or  parcell 
of  the  countrey,  but  only  a  generall 
residence,  as  wild  beasts  have  in  the 
forest,'  2!'9.  See  Arrows,  Bows,  Ca- 
noes, Corn,  Deer,  Devil,  Fish  (nets, 
weares,  etc.),  Maise,  Massacre,  To- 
bacco, Werowance.  See,  also,  Haber- 
dashers' Company  of  London,  Names  of 
Indians,  and  their  towns.  Index, /jassi»n. 

Naunton,  Sir  Robert,  940,  1065. 

Naval  affairs.  Navigation,  etc.,  xiv,  1-28, 
37,  139,  251,  268,  269,  562,  793,  1017, 
1033;  admiral,  781,  782  (see  Argall, 
Hawkins,  Newport,  Smith,  Somers, 
West)  ;  admiralty,  high  court  of,  96, 
610;  astronomer's  staff,  875;  barges, 
481,  4!>6,  641  ;  bark,  720;  barreekroes, 
400;  beacon,  793;  boats,  398,  481,  497, 
520,  640,  (141,  644;  bonnet  sail.  4.35; 
cables,  ■>98  ;  ealkers,  469  ;  carriek,  137  ; 
carvel  (Spanish),  507-523,  646 ;  Car- 
veils  (English),  474;  chain-pump,  916  ; 
compass,  83,  431-438,  521,  832  ;  cornet, 
432  ;  course  to  sail  to  Virginia,  86  ; 
Deptford  Dock,  2,  32,  1014;  English 
Navy,  xiv,  saik)rs,  101,  and  ships,  139  ; 
flag,  251,  693,  711;  fore  course  sail, 
435  ;  frigate,  642,  644 ;  a  galley,  520 ; 
gallions,  or  "galeones,"  274,  472,  510, 


512;  globes,  875;  log-book,  428-439; 
long  boat,  407,  416,  485,  489,  1053; 
master  of  vessels,  259  (see  master  of 
Caravel)  ;  materials  for  shipping,  .564  ; 
merchant  fleets,  272  ;  naval  affairs  prior 
to  1606,  1-28  ;  office  in  Seething  Lane, 
1056  ;  raids  on  Spanish  commerce,  18  ; 
storehouse  at  Deptford,  2 ;  orlage, 
489;  passage  to  Virginia,  82,  83,  343; 
planks,  265,  767;  "quartred  boat," 
201;  ropes,  398  ;  rosin,  37,  110,  265,  398 ; 
sailors,  82,  101,  202,  204,  469,  627,  805  ; 
red  cross  of  Saint  George,  693,  71 1  ; 
salt  fish,  268  ;  scurvy,  479,  1059 ;  sea 
fight,  830,  831  ;  seaman's  dictionary, 
941  ;  shallop,  157-159,507,  641  ;  "shoot 
off  a  peece,"  432,  434  ;  .sloop,  510  ;  spar- 
makers,  469;  "three-decker,"  966; 
variation  of  the  compass,  431-438, 
1014 ;  vessels,  37,  197,  243,  247,  518, 
520,521 ;  vice-admiral,  493  ;  watermen, 
469  ;  wliite  flag,  128  ;  "  Wooden  Wall  " 
of  England,  251  ;  yards,  3-10.  See 
Aviso,  Captains,  Commerce,  Cordage, 
Currents,  England,  Fleet,  London, 
Mariners,  Masts,  Pilots,  Pinnaces,  1  i- 
racy.  Pirates,  Pitch,  route  to  Virginia, 
Sailors,  Shijis,  Tar,  Tempest,  Timber, 
Trade,  Trinity  House,  Voyages,  etc. 

Neabsco  Creek,  151. 

"  Neck  of  Land,"  913. 

Needham,  Francis,  390. 

Needles,  The,  403. 

Negroes,  785,  824,  885, 886,  968,  980,  981, 
987,  1034.  See  Angelo,  987  ;  Anthony, 
Isabell  and  William,  1034 ;  Captains 
George  Bargrave  and  Daniel  Elfrith. 

Neill,  Rev.  Edward  D.,  xvi ;  his  English 
Colonization  of  America,  284,  360  ;  Va. 
Co.  of  London,  75,  79,86,  142,  360,  413, 
440,  582,  604,  612,  689,  692,  1019;  Va., 
Vetusta,  33,  36.  38,  255,  313,  402,  488, 
498,  500,  573,  760,  964,  1049,  1054, 
1067 ;  Virginia,  and  Virginiola,  105, 
106,  308,  421,  4(i2;  Virginia  Carolo- 
rum,  963  ;  in  Penn.  Mag.  of  Hist,  and 
Biog.,  325. 

Nelson,  Capt.  Francis,  124,  178,  181,  184, 
329,  341,  397,  501,  556,  878,  955,  1013  ; 
Matthew,  merchant-tailor,  305  ;  Thom- 
as, 955. 

Nelson's  River,  955  ;  Port  Nelson,  955. 

Netherlands.  See  United  States  of  Hol- 
land and  the  Netherlands. 

Nethermill,  Isabel,  896  ;  Jidius,  806. 

Nethersole,  Francis,  981,  1025. 

Neufville,  Nicolas  de  (French),  1038. 

Neven  of  Beauvais  (French),  7 12. 

Nevil,  Neville,  Anne,  905 ;  Catherine, 
956;  Catherine,  964;  David,  133;  Dor- 
othy, 848,  851 ;  Edmund,  20  ;  Edward, 
829  ;  Edward,  Lord  Abergavenny,  994  ; 
Elizabeth.  874  ;  Elizabeth,  82';) ;"  Eliza- 
beth, 956 ;  Frances,  956 ;  Fr;inces, 
1060 ;    George,  Earl  of  Abergavenny, 


INDEX. 


1117 


990 ;  Sir  TTenry  of  Berksliire,  diplomat, 
93,  210,  L';il,  4GG,  955,  956,  1UU.3,  lOofi, 
lOGi),  lUTO,  Port.,  081;  Sir  Henry, 
Jr.,  4')(),  956,  980,  1070;  Sir  Henry, 
Lord  Abergavenny,  542,  956  ;  which 
Sir  Henry  ?  ()28,  030 ;  Sir  Henry,  the 
elder,  95") ;  John  Lord  Latimer,  848, 
851,  8l>3,  874,  904;  Lncy,  803;  Mary, 
950  ;  Mary,  904  ;  Ralph,  905  ;  Ursula, 
<)90 ;  Mr. ,  982. 

Ne  Vinson,  Elizabeth,  994. 

New,  Nova,  etc  Albion,  80,  461,  672, 
795;  Albion  (Plowden),  1000;  Hamp- 
shire, 945,  1053  ;  Haven  (Connecticut) , 
954;  Kent  County  (Va.),  187;  Life  of 
Virginia,  55S,  559 ;  Market,  England, 
850,527;  Netherlands,  745,740,  810; 
North  Wales,  837;  South  Wales,  837 ; 
Towns  in  Virginia  (see  Henrico),  491, 
492,  504,  778  ;  -Yeeres  gift  to  Virginia, 
300-375. 

New,  Nova,  Britain,  Brittaine,  Britannia, 
etc.,  241-243,  24(),  248,  20i),  295,  299, 
559,  774,  777,  830,  874,  932. 

New  Eno^'land,  or  Second  Colony  of  Vir- 
ginia (Under  the  charter  of  April  10, 
1000,  the  name  was  '"  The  Second  Col- 
ony of  Virginia,"  but  the  charter  of 
November  3,  1020,  changed  the  name  to 
New  England),  25-27,' 29,  52,  55-03, 
65-75,  88,  102,  111,  122,  127,  128,  140, 
144-140,  179,  181,  190-194,  197,  198, 
207,  208,  238,  243,  247,  205,  208,  270, 
459,  475,  534-530,  541,  500,  507,  570, 
573,  570,  597,  080,  709,  724,  729,  730, 
740,  709,  770,  779,  780-782.  See  At- 
lantic, Bays,  Capes,  Commodities,  Eng- 
land, Fauna,  Flora,  Forts,  France,  Isl- 
ands, Maine,  Massachusetts,  Minerals, 
Mount  Desert,  Norombega,  Rivers, 
Virginia,  Voyages,  No.  CLVIIL,  etc. 

New  England,  or  Second  Colony  of  Vir- 
ginia, the  council  in,  55-57,  67,  69,  70, 
73,  75,  70,  89,  93,  94,  102,  125,  145, 
192.  See  Ellis  Best,  Gome  Carew, 
James  Davis,  or  Davies,  Robert  Davis, 
or  Davies,  Ralegh  Gilbert,  Edward 
Harlow,  Harley,  Hawley,  George  Pop- 
ham,  and  Richard  Seymour. 

New  England  Company,  and  Royal  Coun- 
cil. Under  their  fir.st  charter  (pp.  51- 
03)  the  correct  name  was  "  The  Com- 
pany for  the  Second  Colony  of  Vir- 
ginia; "  but  tlieir  second,  or  ^V.sZ  special 
charter,  of  November  3,  1()2 )  (see  Haz- 
ard's Collections,  vol.  i.  pp.  103-118), 
was  granted  to  a  Royal  Council  of  forty 
persons,  "  called  by  the  Name  of  the 
Council  established  at  Plymouth,  in  the 
County  of  D,;von,  for  the  planting,  etc., 
of  New  -  England,  in  America,"  vi, 
vii,  X,  xiii,  xiv,  51-53,  58,  73,  178, 
782,  8.)3-8J5,  8.)8,  822,  998.  See  Vir- 
ginia, the  London  Company  of,  and 
the  biographies  of  the  following  mem- 


bers of  the  N.  E.  Co.,  and  other  inter- 
ested parties:  Alexander,  Apsley, 
Archer,  the  Argalls,  Bagge,  Biard, 
the  Bourchiers,  Brereton,  Brewster, 
the  Brookes,  Brudenel,  Calvert,  Cecil, 
Cliamplaine,  Chudley,  Coitmore,  Co- 
mock,  Conway,  Coventry,  Delbridge, 
Dermer,  Digges.  the  Drakes,  Edg- 
combe.  Finch,  Fotherbie,  Gates,  the 
Gilberts,  Giles,  Goche,  the  Gorgeses, 
Gosnold,  Hanham,  tlie  Harleys,  Haw- 
kins, Hay,  Hayes,  Heale,  Heath,  W. 
Herbert,  Hobson,  Howard  (Arundel), 
Hunt,  T.  Johnson,  Levette.  Love, 
Mansell,  C.  Martin,  Mason,  Maynard, 
Mildmay,  the  Pelhams,  the  Pophams, 
Pory,  Pring,  the  Riches,  Roe,  Roydon, 
the  Seymours,  Selden,  Sheffield,  Slany, 
Spelman,  J.  Smith,  Somers,  the  Royal 
Stuarts,  L.  Stuart,  Sutcliffe,  Vane,  Vas- 
sall,  Villiers,  Vines,  the  Wests,  Wey- 
mouth, Whitson,  Wriothesley,  Wrothe, 
the  Zouches,  etc.,  Massachusetts  and 
Virginia  Companies.     See  Register. 

Newfoundland,  2,  5,  8,  12,  14,  25,  100, 
359,  390,  3  )1,  394-39(5,  404,  400,  573, 
609,  033,  084,  733,  741,  744,  749,  752, 
756,  706,  795;  Avalon,  841,  1026; 
Ferryland,  841,  1039  ;  fisheries,  8,  14, 
25;  settlement,  12,  741,  744.  See 
CLVIIL 

Newfoundland  Company  of  England,  390, 
391,  859;  officials  of.  See  John  Guy, 
Capt.  John  Mason,  Dr.  Meddus,  John 
Slaney,  etc.  See,  also,  Biographies 
813,  820,  838,  839,  841,  844,  861,  877, 
880,  897,  907,  916,  917,  920,  931,  940, 
946,  977,  979,  1000,  1004,  1026,  1030, 
1032,  1037,  1039,  1050,  1051. 

New  France,  80,  202,  278,  321-324,  375, 
470,  570,  573,  004,  005,  (598,  700-702, 
707,  709,  715,  717,  722,  725,  720,  745. 
749,  793,  795, 815.  Hochelaga,  80  ;  La 
Cadie,  322  ;  Quebec,  707,  853  ;  River 
of  Canada,  .532  ;  Gulf  of  St.  Lawrence, 
23,  24,  937.  See  Canada,  and  New 
England. 

New  Port  Newse,  Virginia,  81,  394,  519, 
950,  058,  1058. 

New  Spain,  or  Hispania,  21,  80,  263,  670. 
Culiacan,  670 ;  Guasteean,  670 ;  Nueva 
Biscaia  (north  of  Mexico),  670;  New 
Mexico,  27,  80,  (547,  977  ;  Nueva  Gali- 
cia,  770 ;  Panuco,  (570 ;  Sant  Jago  de 
las  Valles,  770;  Tampico,  070.  See 
Florida,  Mexico,  etc. 

New  World,  v,  xiii,  xiv,  112,  400,  637, 
672,  791,  864,  954,  1027. 

New  York,  327,  421,  447,  623,  707,  740, 
797,  892  ;  documents  relating  to,  etc., 
148,  4-17,  07<i,  079,  735,  737,  745,  872; 
Historical  Society,  181,  323,  326. 
Manahata,  and  Manahatin,  CLVIIL 
Sae  Albany,  Hudson's  River,  New 
Netherlands. 


1118 


INDEX. 


New,  Edward,  830. 
Newberie,  Ralfe,  stationer,  824. 
Newbridge,  Joseph,  smith,  224,  956. 
Newcastle,  Duke  of,  8.56. 
Newee,    Newse,   Nuce,    Clement,     1011 ; 
George,  222,  956;    Henry,  220,   9.56; 
Martha,    1011  ;     Capt.    Thomas,     956 ; 
Capt.  William,  956 ;  William,  889. 
NeweU,  Mr. ,  982. 

Newgate,  Christopher,  fishmonger,  281, 
956. 

Newhouse,  John,  221. 

Newman,  John,  grocer,  2.57,  387,  388,  557, 
590,  .591,  687. 

Newport,  Capt.  Christopher,  brought  the 
first  colony  to  Jamestown,  21,  22,  27, 
29,  76,  77,  79,  81,  82,  95,  98,  105,  106, 
108,  109,  112,  116,  118,  122,  124,  142, 
143,  151-1.53,  1.57-159,  164,  166,  172, 
175,  177,  178,  180,  182,  185,  186,  188, 
195,  198-203,  205,  206,  213,  246,  261, 
317,  319,  329,  330,  333,  334,  341,  342, 
345,  .3.54,  396,  397,  399,  406,  407,  418- 
420,  422,  427,  443,  490,  492,  520,  532, 
599,  681,  693.  749,  750,  752,  753,  786, 
895,  915,  941,  956-958,  971,  987,  1000, 
1007,  1C09;  Capt.  Christopher's  son, 
958;  Mr.  Christopher,  858;  Dorothy, 
915  ;  Edward,  958 ;  Frances,  980  :  John, 
915;  Magdalen,  874;  Richard,  S  .58  ; 
Sir  Richard,  874 ;  Thomas,  996 ;  Sir 
William,  819,  851,  980. 

Newport,  England,  475. 

Newport  Newse,  81,  394,  519,  956,  958, 
1058  ;  Newportes  Pointe,  XLVI. 

News  from  Spain,  837  ;  from  Virginia, 
420-426. 

News  Letters  (Gazettes),  111,  845,853; 
papers,  111  (first),  837. 

Nibley,  England,  623,  797. 

Nicholl,  John,  "  An  Howre  Glass  of  In- 
dian Newes,"  etc.,  128. 

Nicholls,  Nicholas,  Anne,  960  ;  Christo- 
pher, 215,  958 ;  Edward,  1041 ;  John. 
IS,  20,  1012;  Oliver,  Esq.,  546,  958; 
Thomas,  merchant,  215,958;  Thomas, 
1041  ;  William,  469,  958  ;  William,  771. 

Nichol's  Progresses  of  James  1 ,  6U4. 

Nieuw  Port  Mey,  956. 

Noblemen,  464,"  469. 

Noel,  Sir  Andrew,  849  ;  Theodosia,  849. 

Norfolk.     See  Howard. 

Norfolk  County,  Virginia,  927,  10-59. 

Normandia,  71(l. 

Nornieott,  Norrincott,  Thomas,  cloth- 
worker,  228,  4(;s,  771.  958. 

Nororabega,  or  Norumbega,  10,  795, 1040. 

Norris,  Edward,  958 ;  Francis,  Lord,  542, 
958  ;  Henry,  958  ;  Sir  John,  "  a  chicken 
of  Mars."  author,  etc.,  9.".6,  9"8,  976, 
1045,  1040;  Maximilian,  '.■.58;  Thomas, 
958 ;   William,  95S. 

North,  Dudley,  Lord,  author  .542,  958, 
980;  Gilbert,  958;  Sir  John,  9.58;  Sir 
John,  Jr.,  958  ;   Roger,  958. 


North  America,  609,  805,  859  ;  Articke 
(circle),  795 ;  Bacealos,  80 ;  Brigges 
his  Matheinatickes,  833 ;  Frislandia, 
80 ;  "  Gibbons  his  hole,"  086 ;  Groen- 
landia,  80,  609,  859;  Labrador,  686; 
Meta  Incognita,  80 ;  Nelson's  River, 
955 ;  New  North  Wales,  837  ;  New 
South  Wales,  837  ;  Pole,  the,  589  ;  Port 
Nelson,  955.  See  America,  Arctic  Ocean, 
Atlantic  Ocean,  Bermudas,  Florida, 
Greenland,  Huguenot  Colony,  Maps, 
Mexico,  New  England,  Newfoundland, 
New  France,  New  Netherlands,  New 
World,  North  Carolina,  North  Virginia, 
North  West  Passage,  Pacific  Ocean, 
Ralegh  or  Roanoke  Colony,  Soto's 
Route,  Virginia,  and  the  AVest  Indies. 

North-Cape  of  Europe,  124,  859 ;  east 
discovery,  .5,  839,  897  ;  eastern  voyages, 
317,  839;  river,  745;  sea,  178,  668; 
Virginia.     See  New  England. 

North  Carolina,  13,  14,  16,  185,  189,  458, 
597,  846,  8()7,  947.  Caffey  Inlet,  4.59  ; 
Chicamicomico,  459 ;  City  of  Ralegh, 
19,  20  ;  Craven  County,  867  ;  Croatan, 
21,  189,  190,  459  ;  Cumberland  Coim- 
tv.  190;  "Ende  Sohes,"  459;  Fort 
Fisher,  189;  Hatarask,  19,  21,  459; 
Hertford  Isle,  1028 ;  Howard's  Moun- 
tains, 1028;  Lennox  rocks,  1028;  Lum- 
ber River,  190;  Neuse,  185,  190;  New 
Inlet,  459 ;  Ocanahawan,  etc.,  185 ; 
Ocracoke  Inlet,  459 ;  Oregon  Inlet, 
459 ;  Ould  Virginia,  185,  1028 ;  Pana- 
wicke,  etc.,  185  ;  Pananiock,  etc.,  185 ; 
Peccarecamek,  etc.,  185,  190;  Port 
Fernando,  459  ;  Port  Lane,  459  ;  Ports- 
mouth Island,  4"9 ;  Roanoke  River, 
185;  Robeson  County,  190;  Sampson 
County,  185, 190  ;  Stuard's  reach,  1028  ; 
Tar  River,  185  ;  Trinity  Harbour,  459  ; 
Wococon,  459 ;  Wyngandaeoia,  13 ; 
Wyngandecora,  17-  See  Roanoke,  or 
Ralegh's  Colony,  and  No.  CCXLIII. 

Northwest,  76,  80,  278,  795 ;  discovery, 
6,  8,  272  (see  Voyages  to) ;  passage, 
23,  26,  39,  40,  50,  64,  388,  540,  556, 
561,  564,  573,  574,  667,  673,  752,  756, 
773,  8.33,  837,  878,  897,  931,  932,  987, 
988,  1013,  1017,  1057,  1058  (see  N.  W. 
P.  Co.,  also)  ;  Passage  Company,  (64), 
573,  574,  859,  860  (see  Northwest  Pas- 
sage, also) ;  for  officers  of  N.  W.  P.  Co., 
see  p.  .574,  for  members,  see  the  Biogra- 
phies, passim) ;  Treatise  on  N.  W.  P., 
540,  5(i4 ;  Voyages  to  :  Frobisher's,  8, 
672,  795  (see  Frobislier) ;  Davys's,  12, 
13,  672  (see  John  Davis,  or  Davys) ; 
Knight's  (i606),  64;  Hudson's  (l()b7), 
102,  118;  Hudson's  (1610-1611),  3.58, 
388,  496,  497,  556,  561,  573,  1057,  1058 
(see  Henry  Hudson) ;  Button's  (1612- 
](;i3),  556,  607,  105S  (see  Button,  In- 
gram, and  Nelson);  Gibbons's  (\(\Ui), 
(iS6,   1U5S;   Byleth  and  Baffin's  (1615), 


INDEX. 


1119 


7()7,  1057;  Byleth  and  Baffin's  (161G), 
779  (see  Baffin  and  Byleth).  Places  in 
the  Northwest  named  for  persons  in 
this  Index :  Baffin's  Bay,  Brig'g's  his 
Mathematics,  Button's  Bay,  Chud- 
leigh's  Cape,  Davys's  Strait,  Digg-es' 
Cape  and  Island,  Frohisher's  Strait, 
Hudson's  Bay.  Jones's  Sound,  Lancas- 
ter's Sound,  Mansfield  (Mansell)  Island, 
Nelson's  Port  and  River,  New  North 
and  New  South  Wales  (for  Henry, 
Prince  of  Wales),  Prince  Charles  Island, 
Sir  Thomas  Roe's  Welcome,  Sir  Thomas 
Smith's  Bay  Island  and  Sound,  South- 
ampton's (Wriothesley)  Island,  Wol- 
stenholme's  Cape  and  Sound.  See 
Arctic,  Greenland,  North  America. 

Northampton  County,  Va.,  Records,  etc., 
452-454,  8(30,  883,  904,  958,  983,  990. 

Northamptonshire,  England,  180. 

Northampton,  Earl  of,  981  ;  Marquess  of, 
1045,  1046.  See  William  Compton 
and  Henry  Howard. 

Northumberland,  Duke  of,  105 ;  Earl  of 
(see  Henry  Percy)  ;  Percy  Papers,  105, 
5U0. 

Norton,  Mr.  Bonham,  stationer,  292 ; 
George,  stationer,  004 ;  Jane,  908  ;  John, 
stationer,  292,  958;  Richard,  968; 
Thomas  (1562),  author,  989;  Thomas, 
804,  958. 

Norton's  Literary  Gazette,  596,  780. 

Norwich,  Earls  of.  —  Edward,  Lord  Den- 
ny, and  George  Goring. 

Norwood,  Richard,  author,  458,  958,  959. 

Not  found :  Letters,  Records,  Papers,  etc. 
See  under  Documents. 

Nottingham,  Earl  of  (Finch),  891. 

Nottingham,  Earl  of.  —  Charles  Howard. 

Nourmahal,  "  The  Light  of  the  Harem," 
985. 

Nova  Scotia,  26,  460,  813 ;  Zembla,  009, 
859. 

Nueva.     See  New. 

Nutt,  Thomas,  grocer,  257,  389,  558. 

Nuttall,  Jonathan,  gent.,  547,  959. 

Oak,  in  Virginia,  107,  164,  385,  443,  455, 
587. 

Oaths  to  be  taken  by  the  colonists  and 
others,  73,  75, 78,  79,  89,  233,  236,  237, 
244,  391,  398,  407,  550,  926. 

Objections  and  objectors  to  the  planta- 
tion of  Virginia :  Unjust  to  take  the 
land  from  the  Indians  ;  might  prove  a 
war  with  Spain;  "might  of  our  ene- 
mies ; ' '  difficulty  of  settling  a  planta- 
tion there,  and  of  keeping  possession 
of  the  land  ;  failure  of  former  colonial 
enterprises;  ''ill  reports  of  the  coun- 
try;" a  continual  charge,  and  the  un- 
certainty of  profit ;  '■  this  age  will  .see 
no  profit  "  ;  the  devil ;  the  Papists  ;  the 
Pope  ;  the  players  ;  the  Spaniard  ;  the 
traducers   of   Virginia,   etc.,  243,    260, 


207,  288,  290,  299-301,  313-315,  341, 
34t>-352,  354,  361,  363-367,  369,  371, 
578,  693.  See  Discouragements,  Dis- 
eases, Distress,  Objects,  Romanism, 
Spain,  etc. 

Objects,  motives,  or  reasons  for  settling 
})lantations  in  Virginia :  The  conver- 
sion of  the  Indians ;  the  glory  of  God 
and  the  advancement  of  Christian  re- 
ligion ;  the  honour  of  the  king  "  by  en- 
largeing  of  his  territories  and  future 
enrichinge  of  his  kingdonie  ;  "  the  profit 
of  the  people  by  increase  of  foreign 
commerce ;  "  this  northern  corner  of 
the  world  will  in  a  short  time  be  the 
richest  warehouse  and  the  greatest  cus- 
tomhouse of  all  kinds  of  merchandise 
to  be  found  in  Europe  "  (272).  See  pp. 
V,  xiv,  XV,  36-42, 49, 50, 89, 146, 236, 237, 
243,  248,  253,  2.55,  256,  258,  259,  261- 
276,  29.5-302,  309,  313-315,  322,  339- 
354,  362-373,  415,  424,  425,  45G,  462- 
465,  482,  483,  499,  501,  555,  581,  582, 
587,  588,  608,  613-616,  624,  639,  640, 
646,  647,  685,  687,  688,  693,  735,  758, 
775,  776,  783,  793,  794,  798.  See  Ob- 
jections, Protestantism,  Romanism,  the 
Church,  the  State,  and  the  Trade  of 
England,  and  the  Companies  aud  Coun- 
cils of  Virginia. 

O'Callaghan,  Dr. ,  707. 

Ocannidge  (Indian),  1007. 

Ockold,  ,  stationer,  292. 

Ode  to  the  Virginian  Voyage,  86,  87. 

O'Dogherty,  Sir  Cahir  (Irish),  1035. 

O'Donnel,  (Irish),  123. 

Offley,  Hugh,  959  ;  Robert,  959  ;  Robert, 
217,  408,  574,  594,  748,  771,  797,  959; 
Sarah,  or  Susan,  948,  1065 ;  Thomas, 
839 ;   William,  959. 

Ogle,  Sir  John,  author,  212,  544,  901, 
auto.,  959,  1016,  Fort..  691. 

O'Keover,  Jane,  817;  Philip,  817. 

Okes,  Nicholas,  stationer  ("N.  O."),  678, 
im,  772,  1004. 

Old  Point  Comfort.     Sae  Comfort. 

Oldeub.arnevelt,  Helias  (Dutch),  447,  959; 
John  Van  (see  Barnevelt),  448,  959. 

Oldisworth,  Michael,  920. 

OHph,  OHffe,  Joane,  937;  John,  937. 

Oliver,  Edward,  fishmonger,  282  ;  Francis, 
804,  959  ;  Mrs.  Hannah,  widow,  973. 

Onate,  Juan  de  (Spaniai-d),  27. 

O'Neill,  O'Niel,  Col.  Daniel,  1040;  Grace, 
1043  ;  Hugh,  Earl  of  Tyrone,  1035 ; 
Shane,  U.2o. 

Opeehancanough,  785,  971 ;  Opechanca- 
noyes,  186 ;  Opocancano,  1021  (In- 
dian). 

Ophely,  Lord,  1046. 

Orange,  Prince  of.     See  Maurice. 

Orders  for  the  colonies,  65,  75-85,  102, 
192,  676,  677,  679,  680. 

Ordinances  for  the  colonies,  73,  74,  91- 
95,  102. 


1120 


INDEX. 


Orme,  Capt. ,  213. 

Ormshawe,  Rachel,  842 ;  William,  842. 

Orolipikes,  485. 

Ortelius,  Abraham,  Flemish  geographer, 
671),  'MS,  959. 

Ortiz,  Juan  (Spaniard),  1020. 

Orwell,  Capt.  Lewis,  213. 

Osborne,  Andrew,  merchant-tailor,  303  ; 
Edward,  1U23  ;  John,  771 ;  Peter,  853. 

Osborne's  Memoirs  of  James  I.,  10G4. 

Osmotherly,  Richard,  merchant-tailor, 
305,  959. 

O'Toole,  A.  S.  N.,  author,  785,  959,  960  ; 
Brian,  959. 

Otway,  Richard,  merchant-tailor,  303. 

Overall,  Bishop  John,  a  translator  of  the 
Bible,  90(5. 

Overbury,  Sir  Thomas,  author,  846,  934, 
940,  1040. 

Overton,  Anne,  853 ;  Henry,  merchant- 
tailor,  305  ;   Laurence,  853. 

Owen,  Alice,  983 ;  Bathsheba,  890 ;  Ed- 
ward, merchant-tailor,  304  ;  Hugh  ap, 
919;  Israel,  890;  Jane  ap,  919;  Sir 
Roger,  694 ;  Thomas,  983. 

Oxenbridge,  William,  Esq.,  214,  960. 

'■  Oxenhams,"  972. 

Oxford,  Earls  of,  920,  1002,  1021,  1037, 
1038. 

Oxford,  488,  502,  597,  600,  601,  790, 
1030. 

Oxfordshire,  655 ;  Oxford  Tracts 
(Smith's),  596-601,  1030. 

Pace,  Mr. ,  971. 

Packer,  Thomas,  1009. 

Paekington,  Miss  Elizabeth,  995,  996; 
Mi-s.  Elizabeth,  992;  John,  Esq.,  992; 
Sir  John  (half-brother  to  Sir  Francis 
Bacon's  wife).  996. 

Pacific  Ocean,  81,  327,557;  East  India 
Sea,  83 ;  Mar  del  Zur,  564  ;  South  Sea, 
21,  81,  146,  178,  184,  186,  189,  201, 
278,  397,  398,  410,457,497,  519,  523, 
564,  584,  604,  634,  638,  647,  670,  671, 
833,  87^,  881,  890,  918,  9.55,  981, 1007, 
1008  ;  islands  in  the:  Amboyna-ene  of 
the  Moluccas  (Malaysia),  98;  Bantam, 
in  Java,  873,  957,  973 ;  Jacatra,  in 
J.ava,  873;  Java  (Malaysia),  873,  957, 
973  ;  Malucas,  or  Moluccas  (Malaysia), 
90,  99,  693,  890 ;  Philippines  (Malay- 
sia), 573  ;  Solomon's  Islands  (Australa- 
sia), 573  ;  Terra-nata,  Terra-nate,  Ter- 
nate  Islands,  98.  Strait  of  Malacca, 
S75 ;  of  Snnda,  272.  See  China,  East 
India,  and  Japan. 

Padre  Maestro.     See  Laf  uente. 

Pagan  Creek,  186. 

Pagenham,  Anne,  1001. 

Paget.  Anne,  960;  Thomas,  third  Lord, 
960;  William,  Lord,  542,  549,  755,770, 
847,  944,  960. 

Pagnam.  Capt. ,  212. 

Pakrakanick,  190. 


Palatyne,  Frederick,  Prince  of  Bavaria, 
604,  606,  820.  927,  960,  966,  986,  988, 
1037,  1038,  1067. 

Palavicino,  Pallavicino,  Anne,  869 ;  Sir 
Horatio  (Genoese),  869,  1022;  "Mr. 
Palavicine,"  982. 

Palfrey's  History  of  New  England,  170. 

Palke,  Samuel,  merchant-tailor,  304. 

Palmer,  Anue,  888  ;  Sir  Anthony,  93,880, 
960  ;  Archdale,  984  ;  Dudley,  960  ;  Ed- 
ward, 982  ;  Sir  Henry,  942, 957  ;  John, 
Esq.,  960;  Miles,  221,960;  William, 
984 ;  WiUiam,  haberdasher,  220,  468, 
771,  auto.,  960,  982. 

Palmes,  Sir  Guy,  545,  960. 

Pamonkies,  Indians,  165. 

Panama,  21,  22,  81,  670,  672,  977;  Pan- 
nania  (?),  792. 

Panton,  Sir  Thomas,  212,  960,  961. 

Papillon.     See  Purpillian. 

Papists.     See  Romanism. 

Paris,  France,  15,  18,  278,  323,  475,  5.33, 
603,  622,  623,  662,  677,  707,  725,  757. 

Parke,  Col  Daniel,  888 ;  Hon.  Daniel, 
888;  Frances,  888;  Lucy,  888;  Mr. 
,  555. 

Parker,  Anne,  953  ;  Catharine,  863 ;  Ed- 
ward, Lord  Morley,  961 ;  Mary,  961 ; 
Su-  Nicholas,  545,  953,  961 ;  SirPhUip, 
803 ;  Thomas,  Esq.,  961  ;  William, 
merchant-tailor,  304,  961 ;  William, 
Lord  Mont  Eagle,  42, 209, 231, 318, 961 ; 
Capt.  William,  of  Plymouth,  23-25, 
34,  47,  52,  55,  58-60,  63,  872,  961. 

Parker,  Mr.  G.,  562. 

Parkhuist,  Henry,  961 ;  Robert,  217,  469, 
961. 

Parkins.     See  Perkins. 

Parkman.  Dr.,  947. 

Parliament :  LTpper  House,  or  House  of 
Lords,  xiv,  13,  122,209,  309  542  ;  mem- 
bers of  (see  811-1070,  passim;  see 
Peers  in  the  Ya.  Co.)  ;  Lower  House, 
or  House  of  Commons,  xiv,  13, 122.  391, 
542,  802,  803,  807,  993,  999  ;  Journals 
of,  359,  360,  689,  690,  692-696 ;  mem- 
bers of  (see  811-1070,  passi7)i) ;  bar 
of,  692,  694,  698  ;  parliament,  4,  5,  13, 
36,  41,  42,  47,  64,  66,  73,  102,  119,  121, 
229,  359,  360,  374,  465,  529,  542,  686, 
689,  690,  692-698,  724,  802,  803,  807, 
820,  1069;  acts  of,  41,  102,  089,  690; 
boroughs,  611-1010,  passirn  ;  duration 
of,  809 ;  elections  to,  993  ;  petitions  to, 
36—42  ;  Virginia  mentioned  in,  13,  119, 
121,  122,  359,  360,  529,  689,  690,  692- 
698,  724,  820  ;  "  looked  upon  with  eyes 
of  our  love,"  695. 

Parma.  Duke  of  (Spaniard),  826. 

Parmenius  (Hungarian),  908. 

Parr,  Anne,  922  ;  Queen  Catherine,  re- 
former, 862,  922,  9:;o  ;  Maud,  936  ;  Wil- 
liam, 901,  966;  William,  936. 

Parrott.     See  Perrott. 

Parry,   Elizabeth,   975 ;   Bishop    Hem-y, 


INDEX. 


1121 


542,  961. 963 ;  Robert,  975 ;  Sir  Thomas, 
diplomat.  S-t5. 

Parslow.  Giles,  grocer,  225,  257,  387,  389, 
55S,  5UU,  591,  auto.,  962. 

Partridge,  Ricliard.  L'21,  W2. 

Pasbehaighs,  185  ;  Pa.spahaiglis,  493, 599  ; 
Paspiha,  159,  102,  1U3,  185;  Paspihas 
Country,  Kil. 

Pasc  ill,  Pashall,  etc.,  Andrew,  907  ;  Ed- 
inond,  grocer,  225,  257,  387,  82(5,  auto., 
962,  965  ;  Elizabeth,  950  ;  Jane,  907. 

Pask,  Alice,  922  ;   Rev.  John,  D.D.,  922. 

Paspaheigh  (.see  Pasbehaighs),  Indian 
King  of,  599. 

Pa.sptan,  487  ;  Pasptanzie,  488  ;  Pastan- 
eie,  Indian  King  of,  041,  043. 

Pass,  iSiraon,  Dutch  engraver,  780,  962. 

Passage  or  route  to  Virginia,  82,  83,  343, 
393.  399,  489,  518. 

Patents.     See  Charters. 

Patomac,  Indian  King  of,  482,  487,  488, 
042,  043.     See  Potomac. 

Patrick.  Father,  940. 

Patrons  of  the  Genesis  of  the  United 
States.  See  xvi,  xvii,  and  the  Appen- 
dix. 

Patrons  of  Colonization,  Commerce,  and 
Discovery,  24,  775,  and  pp.  811—1070, 
passim  ;  of  Arts,  Authors,  Libraries, 
and  Leiirniug :  Abbot,  Acland,  Ban- 
croft, Bargrave,  BoUes,  Brooker,  Cie- 
sar,  Canipe,  Cecils,  Cutler,  Dawes, 
Drewry,  Dudley,  Ferrar,  Greville,  Gul- 
stone,  Harringtons,  Harper,  Harrison, 
Hastings,  Hatton,  Herberts,  Hieks, 
Howards,  Judde,  Leate,  Martin,  Mild- 
may,  Montag-ue.  Parkhurst,  Percy,  Pe- 
tre-Wadliani,  Popham,  Pring,  Rich, 
Roe,  Romney,  Russell-Clifford,  Sander- 
son, Sandys,  SavUe,  Scott,  Sebright,  Sid- 
neys, Smiths,  Stuarts.  Suteliffe.  Sutton, 
Thorne,  Villiers,  Wade,  Walsingham, 
White,  Whitson,  Wolstenholine,  Wray- 
Rich,  Wriothesley,  and  Wrothe ;  of 
Charities,  Churches,  etc. :  Abbot,  Ar- 
niine,  Bateman,  Bishop,  Campbell, 
Caron,  Cecils,  Chamberlain,  Church, 
Cletheroe,  Co  veil.  Craven,  Darell, 
Dawes,  Deane,  Fishbourne,  Hariot, 
Hicks,  Holeman,  Howards,  Lennard, 
Mawdet,  Montague,  Owens-Robinson, 
Pettus,  Rainton,  Robinson,  Roe,  Rom- 
ney, Scott,  Sebright,  Shefiield,  Smiths, 
Sutton,  Tyrrel,  Watts,  Welds,  West, 
Wheatley,  Whitmore,  Whitson,  and 
Wolstenholme  ;  of  the  City  Companies 
of  London,  Trinity  House,  etc. :  Adams, 
Argall,  Banks,  Barnes,  Bateman, 
Bolles,  Bond,  Campbell,  Chamberlain, 
Cletheroe,  Coitmore,  Craven,  Cutler, 
Dawes,  Fishbourne,  Fletcher,  Hamers- 
ley,  Hansford,  Haydon,  Hieks,  Leate, 
Middleton,  Mowse,  Norton,  Rainton, 
Romney,  Spert,  Stile,  Vassall,  West, 
Wheatley,  and  Whitmore 


Paul  V,  (Pope,  160.5-1621),  124,  9-38. 
Paul's  churchyard,  241,  279,  280,  283, 
294,  312,  -.^ii^,  356,  373,  428,  478,  .559, 
508,  570,  571,  609,612,740,700,  773, 
891  ;  cross,  312  ;  southdore,  595  ;  "the 
Great  Southdoore  of  Pauls,"  1U42.  See 
Stationere"  Company,  Visscher's  Lon- 
don, and  London. 
Paulson,  Richard,  771,  962,  982. 

Pavyer,  Mr. ,  stationer,  293. 

Pawlett,  Paulett,  Poulet,  etc. ,  Sir  Amias, 
8r.t,  SS2;  Anue,  870;  Sir  John,    407, 
541),    962,   lU.is,  1070,  Fort,   721;  Sir 
John,  Jr.,    902;    Robert,    902;    Capt. 
Thomas,    902 ;    William,    Marquis   of 
Winchester,  839,  840,  870. 
Pawling,  Andrew,  merchant-taUor,  304. 
Payne,  John,  804,  907,  902,  903  ;  Sir  Rob- 
ert, 212,  963;  William,  218,408,770, 
963, 
Peace,  90, 113, 120,  124, 139, 147,  643,  6.56, 
082,  756,  775,  1020  1037 ;  with  Spain, 
27,  28, 119, 120,  120,  245.    See  Treaties. 

Pearce,  Mr.  ,  982. 

Peake,  Robert,  409,  548. 
Pearde,  Nicholas,  812. 
Pearls,  80,  157,  100,  271,  314,  317,  349, 
395,   425,   646,  648,   055,   683 ;  pearl- 
drillers,  353. 
Pears,  Edmond,  haberdasher,  224. 

Pearse,  Capt.  ,  213. 

Pearsye,  Jeremy,  221. 

Peate.     See  Pett,  Peter,  223. 

Peckard's  Life  of  Ferrar,  890,  934,  993, 

1002. 
Peckham,  Sir  Edmund,  903  ;  Sir  Gieoi^e, 
author,    etc.,   7,   10,    897,   963,    1041; 
George,  903  ;  Sir  Robert,  963. 
Peckkeford,  John,  134. 
Pedder,  John,   Dean  of  Worcester,  991 ; 

Mrs.  ,  992. 

Pedigrees,  extracts  from :  Argall,  Bar- 
grave,  Barnes,  Berkeley,  Bland, 
Digges,  Evelin,  Fanshawe,  Ferrar, 
Finch,  Gilbert,  Gorges,  Hakluyt,  Har- 
ley,  Harrison,  Hawkins,  Haiward,  or 
Hayward,  Herbert,  Howard,  James, 
Killigrew,  Leigh,  Lovelace,  Martin, 
Mewtis,  Mildmay.  Montague,  Neville, 
Paget,  Parker,  Pawlet,  Pett,  Popham, 
Purchas,  Rich,  Robinson,  Roe,  Russell, 
St,  John,  St.  Leger.  Sandys,  Scott,  Sid- 
ney, Smith,  or  Smythe,  Stuart,  Throck- 
morton, Trevor,  Tucker,  Vassall,  Vere, 
Wade,  Walsingham,  West,  \^'hitaker, 
Wingfield,  Winne,  or  Wynne,  Winter, 
Wolstenholme,  Wriothesley,  Wrote, 
Wroth,  Yeardley,  Zouch,  etc. 
Pedrastra  (see  Prada),  Andreas  de  (Span- 
iard), 11  )0. 
Peers  in  the  Va.  Co.,  209,  542,  574.  [A 
great  many  were  raised  to  the  peerage, 
or  became  peers  by  succession,  after 
the  issuance  of  the  charters.  See  the 
Brief  Biographies.] 


1122 


INDEX. 


Peirsey,  Percy,  etc. ,  Abraham,  804,  963  ; 
Elizabeth,  1)03. 

Pelham,  Elizabeth,  1045  ;  Herbert,  Sen., 
mS,  1045;  Herbert,  Jr.,  981,  1U02, 
1045 ;  Herbert,  first  treasurer  of  Har- 
vard Colleg-e,  1045  ;  John,  1045  ;  Pe- 
nelope, 1045  ;  Thomas,  Esq.,  546,  963, 
1045 ;  William,  1045. 

Pellet,  Sir  Benjamin,  1045  ;  John,  1045. 

Pemberton,  John,  merchant-tailor,  305. 

Pemble,  Thomas,  1022. 

Pembroke,  Earl  of  :  Philip,  William,  and 
WiUiam  Herbert. 

Pembroke  River  (Rappahannock),  Va. , 
041,  642,  644,  921,  947,  1025,  1034. 

Pembroke,  Wales,  705,  706, 721,  722,  724. 

Pen,   Capt.    Robert,  16 ;    Admiral, , 

869. 

Pendleton,  Frauncis,  merchant-tailor,  306. 

Penduis,  460,  936. 

Penguin,  400. 

Peninsula,  4(i0. 

PenkeveU,  Richard,  90. 

Peimant,  Elias,  830. 

Pennant's  London,  850. 

Pennington,  Isaac,  Lord  Mayor,  963 ; 
Robert,  167  ;   Robert,  222,  963. 

Penniston,  Pennystone,  Anthony,  982, 
1004 ;  Elizabeth,  1004. 

Pennsylvania,  860;  Mag.  of  Hist,  and 
Bio.,  325. 

Pennyfather,  William,  grocer,  257,  557, 
561,  590,  687. 

Pensioners  of  Spain  in  England,  849, 
850,  899,  1028,  1067. 

Pentagoet.     See  Rivers. 

People  to  exclude  (see  Pajjists,  Players, 
etc.),  270,  271,  286,  302  ;  to  send  (see 
Emigrants),  271,  301  ;  in  Virginia,  82, 
519,  520,  662,  782,  1016,  1064. 

Percivall,  Richard,  Esq.,  214,  467,  963, 
964 ;  Samuel,  816. 

Percy,  Algernon,  965;  Allen,  804,  964, 
1070;  Dorothy,  965,  1003;  Capt. 
George,  author,  106,  113,151,  152,  178, 
182,  210,  332,  334,  407,  413,  424,  480, 
485,  490,  491,  500,  -501,  520,  570,  617, 
863,  918,  943,  auto.,  964,  965,  1003, 
1009,  Part.,  701 ;  Henry,  eighth  Earl  of 
Northumberland,  964  ;  Henry,  Earl  of 
Northumberland,  178,  334,  424,  428, 
500,  520,  845,  S74,  910,  918,  964,  965, 
100.3,  1009;  Henry,  979;  Liicy,  918, 
965  ;  Marie,  979  ;  Percy  Papere,"  .";00. 

Pereda,  Don  Gaspar  Ruvz  de  (Spaniard), 
451,  510,  511,  51.3,  52  i,  522,  524. 

Perez,  Marco  Antonio  (Spaniard),  122, 
965. 

Perez,  Marco  Antonio,  Spanish  spy  in  Vir- 
ginia, 507,  510-522,  524-526,  650,  553, 
657,  658,  738. 

Perin  (Pring  ?),  Margaret,  839;  Martin, 
839. 

Periods,  the  crucial,  v,  29-795 ;  experi- 
mental, 29-204 ;    of  enthusiasm,  205- 


335  ;  the  task  in  hand,  336-729 ;  the 
work  accomplished,  730-795. 

Perkins,  Parkins,  Aden,  grocer,  223,  965  ; 
Sir  Christopher,  211,  466,  965  ;  Edward, 
217,  965  ;  Edward's  widow,  905  ;  Fran- 
cis ("Perquin"),  151,  173,  177,  965; 
"  Francis  his  son,"  177,  965  ;  Thomas, 
215,  905  ;  William,  974. 

Perron,  Cardinal  (French),  970. 

Perrott,  Parrott,  Sir  James,  466,  543, 803, 
965  ;  Sir  John,  Lord  Deputy,  author, 
etc.,  843,  965;  Penelope,  940;  Sir 
Thomas,  940. 

Perry,  Mrs.  Joan,  992  ;  Mary,  1033. 

Perryn,  Robert,  merchant-tailor,  304. 

Persia,  313,  956,  957,  985,  1000 ;  Persian 
Gulf,  272,  822,  957  ;  Persian  laws,  201. 
See  Asia,  and  Baffin,  Sir  H.  Neville, 
Newport,  Roe,  the  Sherleys,  etc. 

Peru,  671,  881,  917,  990,  1020;  Andes 
Mountains,  671 ;  Arica,  672  ;  Arequipa, 
072 ;  Cape  San  Francisco,  881,  917 ; 
Chareas,  672 ;  Cherepe,  672 ;  Cusco, 
672;  Equador,  917;  Lima,  672,  881, 
917  ;  Paita,  672  ;  Pisca,  672  ;  Potossi, 
672 ;  Puna.  Isle  of,  672  ;  Quito,  672 ; 
Santos,  (i72  ;  Truxillo,  672. 

Peters,  Rev.  Hugh,  954. 

Petitions  for  priviledges  to  make  discov- 
eries, etc.,  5,  6,  8-10  ;  for  fir,st  charter, 
vi,  47  ;  for  second  charter,  vii,  208 ;  for 
third  charter,  vii,  541  ;  in  chancery, 
623-63 1 ;  Buckler's,  325. 

Petre,  Peter,  Dorothy,  965 ;  John  Lord, 
209,  985  ;  Sir  William,  965. 

Petro,  Signior  (a  Dutchman),  133. 

Pett,  Arthur,  219,  (908?),  905;  Maister 
Edmond,  960 ;  Joseph,  966 ;  Miles, 
128;  Peter,  905;  Peter,  905;  Peter, 
907  ;  Peter,  223,  905  ;  Phineas.  author, 
220,  4C.S,  965,  986,  1025  ;  Capt.  Phineas, 
547,  900  ;  Master ,  329,  966. 

Pettus,  Sir  John,  545,  966. 

Pewrifie,  Sir  Nicholas,  804,  975.  See 
Purefoy. 

Pewsey,  Daniel,  merchant-tailor,  305. 

Peyton,  Paten.  Alice,  1039  ;  Christopher, 
839;  Elizabeth,  931;  Sir  Henry,  211, 
407,  966 ;  Sir  John,  924 ;  Sir  John, 
931;  Margaret,  839;  Susan,  924; 
Thomas,  9()6  ;  Capt.  Walter,  957. 

Phellipps,  Philips,  Sir  Edward.  .543,  606, 
986;  Miles,  0,  7;  Robert  ("Phips"), 
grocer,  225,  771  ;  Sir  Robert,  694,095, 
79(),  901.  966,  1070;  Thomas,  804,  967. 

Phesant,  Mr.  ,  982. 

Phettiplace,  Michael,  gent.,  216,  966; 
William,  gent.,  210,  000.  001,  966. 

Philip  II.,  of  Spain,  and  Mary  of  Eng- 
land. 3,  19,  S39,  1054. 

Philip  IL,  of  Spain  (15.56-1.598),  3.  6,  7, 
15,  19,  916,  947,  959,  965,  966,  967, 
1002. 

Philip  III.,  of  Spain  (159S-1621),  27,  28, 
43,  45,  88,  91,  97,  102,  104,  110,  115- 


INLEX. 


1123 


120,  123,  125,  127,  129,  140,  141,  147, 
172,  17o,  177,  180,  lS:i,  184,  195-198, 
242,  243,  248,  254,  258,  2(J0,  290,  310, 
311,  324,  332,  33(),  337,  ;343,  357,  358, 
386,  387,  392,  393,  397,  418,  42(3,  427, 
440,  442,  451,  454,  455,  457,  473,  470, 
494,  495,  509-511,  52;3-528,  531,533, 
537,  539,  553,  554,  556,  560,  572,  573, 
575,  577,  588,  593,  602,  603,  607,  610, 
621,  622,  631-633,  636,  638,  645,  649, 
651,  654,  656,  657,  659-661,  663,  668, 
674,  675,  680,  681,  736,  737,  744,  759, 
805,  868,  9U0,  926,  929,  93S,  940,  950, 
967,  1000,  1037,  1067,  Por«.,xix;  the 
Queen  of  Philip  III..  52S. 

Philip  IV.,  of  Spain  (1621-1665),  900. 

Philip,  William,  author,  1012,  1015. 

Philips.     Sae  Phellipps. 

Phillipson.  Anne,  817  ;  Miles,  817. 

Philpot,  Henry,  804,  967. 

Philpot  Lane,  London,  248,  439,  445, 
40.3,  764,  1014. 

Phippsburg-,  191. 

Phips.     See  Phellipps. 

Physical  features  of  Vii^inia,  265,  350, 
395,  457,  519,  5S3.  Sae  Bays,  Capes, 
Islands,  Mountains,  Places,  Rivers, 
Soil,  etc. 

Physicians  (see  Doctors),  273,  356,  412, 
469,  837  ;  physical  plants,  587 ;  physic, 
395,  412,  479,  4-!l,  642. 

Pickford,  Chistopher.  221. 

Pierce,  Jane,  987  ;  William,  987. 

Pierrepoint,  Lady  Mary  (Montague),  au- 
thoress, 1060. 

Pierson,  Richard,  merchant-tailor,  305. 

Piggasse,  Dru,  167. 

Pig-gott,  Pigott,  Pigeott,  Pvott,  Capt. 
,213,  967,  978;  Richard  of  Lon- 
don, 547. 

Pilgrim,  Pilgrimage,  Pilgrimes  (see 
Purchas),  1032. 

Pilgrim  Father,  833. 

Pilots,  507-509,  511-522,  710,  715,  1033. 
Sea  Naval  Affaii-s,  Ships,  Voyages,  etc. 

Pindar,  Paul,  970. 

"  Pin  die  Burie,"  merchant,  501. 

Pine  apples,  152,  174,  l.h). 

Pine  timber  (see  Timbar),  534  ;  -trees,  87, 
107,  3S5,  587,  8  )0. 

Pink,  W.  Duncombe,  Esq.,  xvii. 

Pinnaces,  407,  493,  682,  683,  742.  See 
Naval  Affairs. 

Pipsco,  an  In.lian,  5^5. 

Piracy,  119.  52  ). 

Pirates,  Virginia  to  be  a  harbor  for, 
against  the  plate  fleets,  etc,   99,  119, 

121,  172,  19S,  244,  337,  343,  392,  519, 
575,  646,  705,  708,  713,  770, 1050, 1051 ; 
of  the  Levant,  or  Algiers,  91 7, 937,  942, 
985,  1017.  See  Bingley,  Easton,  Har- 
ris, Manneiing. 

Pitch,  37.  110.  146,  202,  205,  2-39,  265, 
268,  349,  363,  398,  443,  564,  640,  783, 
789,  800 ;  boilers,  353  ;  -trees,  317,  587. 


Pitchford.  William,  SCO. 

Pitt,  Elizabeth,  967  ;  George,  217,  468, 
967  ;  Moses,  837 ;  Sir  William,  1027. 

Pius  V.  (Pope  1.566-1572),  7,  15. 

Pizarro, (Spaniard),  1020. 

Places  in  Virginia  (34°-45''  N.  Lat),  In- 
dex,/»ass(Mi. 

Plantation.     See  Virginia. 

Plantations,  85,  795,   799-802,  824,  969. 

Planters.  See  Emigrants  and  Adven- 
turers. 

Plastrier,  Platrier,  Capt.  (French), 

533,  534,  536. 

Plat,  Anthonie,  16 ;  James,  18. 

Plate  River,  670,  671,  855,  881 ;  towns 
upon  the  river :  Ascension,  Buenos 
Aeres,  Santa  Anna,  Santa  Fee,  Santo 
Spiiito,  670,  671. 

Players,  366,  367,  612 ;  Burbage's  Com- 
pany, 637. 

Plavs:  Eastward  Hoe  I  29-32;  Henry 
VIII.,  637 ;  Mask  of  the  Inns  of  Court, 
604-606;  of  Flowers,  678-679;  The 
Tenipest,  508 ;  Tuquoque,  759.  See 
Poetry. 

PleydaU,  Thomas,  221. 

Plimpton  (Plympton),  138. 

Plomer.     See  Plumer. 

Plowden's  (Sir  Edmund)  patent,  1060. 

Plumer,  Plomer,  Edward,  merchant,  548, 
9S7  ;  Thomas,  merchant,  228,  304,  548, 
967,  1070;  Sir  Walter,  967;  Walter, 
967. 

Plymouth,  England,  6,  18,  19,  21,  34,  50, 
53,  64,  88,  102,  105,  106,  110,  116,  122, 
124,  126-128,  138,  140,  148,  174,  191, 
238-240,  247,  250,  265,  320,  328,  375, 
403,  758,  770,  782,  784. 

Plymouth,  New  England,  27,  902,  981, 
999,  1027,  1036,  1039 ;  "  Old  Colony," 
981. 

Pocahontas,  Poeahuntas,  etc.,  Indian 
Princess,  319,  642,  643,  655,  702,  743, 
746,  747,  751,  782,  784-789,  835,  935, 
937,  967,  968,  971, 986,  987, 1050,  Port., 
711. 

Pocoughtawonaucks,  189 ;  Pocoughtro- 
nacks,  189. 

Poe,  Dr.  Leonard,  212,  817,  968. 

Poetry  (see  Plays) :  Ballads.  420-426. 495  ; 
Doomsday,  758 ;  appeals  for  the  en- 
lightenment of  the  Indians.  565.  761 ; 
An  Epicede,  594,  595  ;  Ode  to  the  Vir- 
ginian Vovage,  86,  87  ;  Panegyric  Po- 
etry, 780,  "785,  863,  960,1025;  Poets, 
Index,  passim. 
I  Pohatan's  (Powhatan's)  towre  (town  ?), 
164. 

Point  Comfort      See  Comfort. 

Pointz,  Ferdinando,  949. 

Poland,    203,    268;    King    of.    985    (see 
Stephen  Bathori  (1575-1587)  and  Sigis- 
mund  III.  (1587-1632))  ;  Poles  in  Vir- 
ginia. 599. 
Pole,  Poole,  Powell,  Jane,  942;  Sir  Ste- 


1124 


INDEX. 


phen,  212,  232  ;  Thomas,  942  ;  "  Car- 
dinal [Reginald]  Pole,"  1054,  1055. 

Politician,  the,  280,  314. 

Pollard,  Mr.  George,  fishmonger,  281  ; 
Jane,  005. 

Poltimore,  Lords  (see  Bamfield),  822. 

Poniet,  Richard,  merchant,  215. 

"  One  Poncet  a  knight  of  Malta,"  278. 

Pond,  Edmund,  548. 

Pontgrav^,  Mons.  (French),  322. 

Pontsonne,  Richard,  548. 

Poole,  Pole,  Powell,  etc.,  Jonas,  471,  968, 
1013;  Sir  Stephen  (see  Powell);  Sir 
William,  author,  544,  968 ;  Rev.  Mr. 
,  401. 

Pooley,  Rev.  GreviUe,  891,  933. 

Poor's  Vindication  of  Gorges,  96,  148. 

Pope,  Alexander,  poet,  800. 

Popes  of  Rome,  2-1,  7,  14,  15,  19,  119, 
124,  201,  1002.     See  Romanism. 

Popham,  Alexander,  114,  968 ;  Alexander, 
908,  909;  Anne,  968;  Edward,  968, 
969;  Eleanor,  969,  1042;  Elizabeth, 
969;  Sir  Francis,  66,  89,  92,  179,  198, 
780,  804,  968,  969, 1029  ;  Capt.  George, 
23,  47,  52,  55,  58-00,  63, 102,  114.  144- 
146,  191-193,  197,  576,  911,  968,  969  ; 
Jane,  969 ;  John,  968,  969 ;  Sir  John, 
chief  justice,  author,  etc.,  vi,  .32,  42,  46, 
47,  51,  64,  89,  102,  104,  111,  127,  140, 
191,  193,  197,  567,  863,  881,  909,  910, 
917,  940,  908,  auto.,  969, 977,  986, 1042, 
1066 ;  Sir  John's  nephew,  881 ;  Kath- 
erine,  969,  986;  Mary,  940,  969;  Pe- 
nelope, 909,  969;  "The  Pophams," 
950,  1042. 

Popham  Memorial  Volume,  145. 

Port,  d"Esj)aigne,  454  ;  Cotage,  163  ;  Fer- 
nando, 459 ;  Lane,  459 ;  Nelson,  955  ; 
Royal  (South  Carolina),  4,  947,  967; 
Royal  (North  Virginia),  40,  375,  47(5, 
533,  535,  536,  662.  698,  699,  702,  703, 
718,  719,  720,  724,  726,  729,815  ;  Royal 
(Bermudas).  1033. 

Porto  and  Puerto,  Bello,  25,  881,  934, 
961  ;  Rico  (Saint  John  de  Puerto  Rico), 
130,  131,  155,  174,  245,  393,  399,  518, 
647,  672,  916,  1043  ;  Seguro,  671. 

Porter,  Margaret,  1031  ;  Sir  Thomas, 
1031. 

Portraits.  See  List  of  Illustrations,  and 
this  Index,  passim. 

Portsmouth,  England,  16,  307,  343,  474, 
481,  656,  772. 

Port-towns,  38. 

Portugal,  Portingale  (attached  to  Spain, 
1580-1640),  2,  137,  249,  509,  536,  539, 
589,  592,  1050 ;  Portuguese,  or  Portu- 
gales,  138,  511,  6.'>9,  609,  671,  674.  (iO;), 
704,  768 ;  Algarve,  137  ;  Cape  Verde 
Islands,  97(> ;  Madera,  128;  Setunall 
(Setubal),  137.  See  Azores,  Brazil, 
Ijisbon,  Spain. 

Pory,  Anne,  970 ;  John,  author,  first 
speaker,  etc.,  106,  111,   113,    114,  218, 


829,  879,  941,  949,  963,  969,  970,  auto., 
971,  1048;  Robert,  804,  971. 

Potatoes,  5,  128,  152,  174,  663,  689. 

Potomac  River,  841,  892,  1021,  1025; 
Pataromerke,  189  ;  Patowomeck,  641- 
643  ;  Patomeck,  487,  488 ;  Patoraack, 
482,  493 ;  Potowmac,  458  ;  "  Elizabeth 
River,"  Map  CLVIIL,  1025. 

Pott,  Dr.  John,  907,  1047. 

Potts,  Richard,  author.  598,  600,  601,  971. 

Poudon,  Robert,  fishmonger,  281. 

Poulett.     See  Pawlett. 

Poutrincourt,  Mons.  de  (French),  322, 
375,  534,  726-729. 

Povey,  Frances,  830 ;   Thomas,  830. 

Powell  (see  Pole  and  Poole),  Authouie, 
16,  971 ;  Captain  Nathaniel,  author, 
surveyor,  etc,  458,  461,  600,  601,  971 
("  Powle  "),  1005,  1032  ;  Sir  Stephen, 
212,  232,  467,  971 ;  "  Thomas  Powle, 
Esq.,"  971 ;  Capt.  William,  836 ;  Wil- 
liam, gent.,  223,  971. 

Powhatan,  Indian  king,  164,  172,  178, 
185-189,  199,  201,  202,  246,  482,  48-5- 
487,  493,  503-505,  642,  643,  655,  746, 
747,  751,  785,  789,  906,  967,  971,  978, 
986,  996;  Taux,  or  little,  Powhatan, 
484,  505.     See  Great  Powhatan. 

Powhatan's  Bay,  188  ;  country,  503-505  ; 
River  (see  James  River) ;  town,  164, 
484. 

Powlett.     See  Pawlett. 

Poynings,  Sir  Adrian,  953 ;  Ann,  953. 

Poyntell,  Richard,  fishmonger,  253,  280, 
971. 

Poyntz,  Pointz,  Anne,  1045,  1046  ;  Sir  An- 
thony, 901;  Ferdinando,  949;  Mary, 
901 ;  Sir  Nicholas,  1046. 

Prade,  Prada,  Pedrastra,  Andreas  de 
(Spaniard).  98,  100,  260. 

Prannel,  Henry,  1028. 

Pratt,  Henry,  merchant-tailor,  305  ;  John, 
223,  971;  Mathias,  fishmonger,  282; 
Roger,  18,  20, 

Precepts,  Lord  Mayor's,  254,  277,  324. 

Predimore,  William,  974. 

Premiere  Mis.  des  Jesuites  au  Canada, 
475,  698,  700. 

Prescott,  Jeffrey,  merchant-tailor,  304, 
971  ;  William,  971. 

"  Present  state  of  Ireland,"  extract  from, 
738. 

President,  or  Viceroy  of  the  Indies.  See 
Salinas. 

Press,  The,  859.  See  Stationers'  Com- 
pany. 

Prester,  John,  of  East  India  in  the  twelfth 
centurv.  1044. 

Preston,  Sir  Amias,  24,  143,  210,232,  902, 

971,  972,  1018. 

Pretty,  Francis,  972 ;    George,  gent.,  217, 

972. 
Price,    Rev.    Daniel,    author,    258,    312, 

972,  1025;  Henry,  221,  972. 

Prices  of  prints,  182,  242,  280,  284,  2C5, 


INDEX. 


1125 


323,  337,  360,  421,  428,  477,  558,  000, 
612,621,657,707,  7-16,  74S,  781;  not 
known,  255,  256,  318,  530,  576,  759, 
760,  791.  See  Unique  Pi-ints  (the  prices 
of  which  are,  of  coui-se,  unknown)  and 
under  Documents. 

Prickett,  Miles,  973. 

Priestley,  William,  mercliant-tailor,  304. 

Prince  Society  of  Massachusetts,  14."j,  676. 

Prince's  Worthies  of  Devon.  898,  917. 

Princes.     See  Charles  and  Henry  Stuart. 

Princes'  Forts  (Charles  and  Henry),  492, 
.oO:]. 

Princess.     See  Elizabeth  Stuart. 

Pring-,  Prinne,  etc. .  Alice,  836,  973  ;  John, 
952,  953;  Margaret,  972;  Capt.  Mar- 
tin, author,  surveyor,  etc.,  2(i,  44,  64, 
76,  96,  98,  99.  4,57,  459, 836,  856,  873, 
908,  909,  972-974,  977,  1014,  1052. 

Pringham      See  Springhara. 

Prisoners  in  Virginia,  508-527,  531,  533, 
.534,  538,  5.54,  603,  621,  622,  631,  635, 
638,  642-644,  652-6.54,  657-660,  663, 
665,  702,  708,  732,  738,  782,  967.  See 
France,  Spain,  and  Pocahontas. 

Private  enterprises,  xiv,  10,  32-35,  .37,  38, 
42,  496.     See  Carleill,  Gilbert,  Ralegh, 

Privy  Council,  English,  45,  75,  78,  121- 
123,  125.  252,  3U8,  309,  314,  359,  527, 
528,  665,  676,  677,  679,  6S0.  685-688, 
690,  691,  730-734,  760-762,  768,  1027, 
1034. 

Proctor,  Rev.  George,  222,  974;  Rev. 
John.  547,  974. 

Profit  of  the  enterprise,  .352,  582, 619,  661, 
m.],  789,  799,  801. 

Prosen.     See  Spruson. 

Protectionists  (see  Monopolists),  270, 
("the  Warwick  party '"),  1017,  1034. 

Protestant  Colony,  v,  xiv,  15,  17,  201, 
205,  250,  1068;  Christian  Common- 
wealth, 775  ;  Christian  plantation,  51, 
290,  614,  615,  630,  762,  797 ;  church  in 
Virginia,  588,  835,  984 ;  churches  in 
Vii-ginia,  491,  492,  987 ;  communion 
cup  sent  to  Virginia,  984 ;  vestry  in 
Virginia,  904.     See  Protestantism. 

Protestantism  :  Christian  religion,  53,  67, 
68,  74,  236,  237,  276,  301,  339,  449, 
626, 890,  985,  1027 ;  Church  of  England, 
xiv,  2,  255,  351, 352,  360.  362,  366,  499, 
903,  985,  1026,  1048 ;  the  Gospel,  266, 
285,  288,  290,  291,  315,  339,  372,  374, 
463,  499,  535,  578,  588 ;  Protestantism, 
or  Protestant  religion,  xiii,  xiv,  2,  3,  4, 
7,  15,  325,  400,  947,  1041,  1055 ;  reli- 
gion (their),  v,  xiv,  88,  100,  103,  24(5, 
259,  276,  301,  339,  340,  .347,  3-18,  3(i3, 
443,  553,  .581,  6.50,  693,798.  See  Bihle, 
Huguenots.  Ministers,  Objects.  Puritans, 
Sermons,  Ignited  States  of  Holland  and 
the  Netherlands,  etc. 

Advancers  of  the  standard  of  Christ, 
284;  Baptist,  856;  bishops,   209,  404, 


.542;  Brownists,  .371,  993;  Calvinista, 
985 ;  Christ,  284,  286  ;  (  hrist,  the  com- 
ing of,  276 ;  Christendom,  264,  276, 
315  ;  Christianity,  673  ;  Christians,  507, 
671,  793,  79.5;  Church  militant,  296; 
church  tnumphant,  296  ;  church  war- 
den, .572  ;  divine  providence,  274  ;  the 
Divine,  314;  English  dissenters,  105S  ; 
the  hand  of  God,  616,  617;  the  true 
God,  14.5  ;  idea  of  Sidney,  1.5-17,  905, 
906,  1002;  Lutherans,  985;  prayer 
book,  862  ;  prayers,  530,  593  ;  licensed 
to  preach  in  all  the  world,  840 ;  first 
Protestant  baptismal  rites  to  a  prince 
in  Great  Britian  (Henry  Stuart),  1025, 
in  England  (Mary  Stuart),  120;  provi- 
dence, 142,  448,  616,  617,  7.53;  reli- 
gious, element,  matters  and  views,  235, 
23(),  2S4,  '2'X> ;  remarks  on  the  Church, 
2.5-5  ;  "  the  Sabboth,"  371  ;  Saint  xVlde- 
gond's  exhortation,  14  ;  the  seed  plant- 
ed at  Jamestown,  .352,  637,  821 ;  sepa- 
ratists, 371,  '993;  the  spark  kindled  at 
Vera  Cruz,  (i,  7,  568,  793,  947 ;  vestry 
minutes,  .571,  -572  ;  Wars  of  the  Rsfor- 
mation  between  Protestantism  and  Ro- 
manism, xiii,  7,  15,  859.  A  partial  list 
of  those  who  served  in  these  wars  (the 
HugTienot  ware  in  France,  the  Low 
Country  wars,  and  the  war  with  ."^^pain): 
Apsley,  the  Argalls,  the  Ashleys,  the 
Bargraves,  Baskerville,  Best,  the 
•Berkeleys,  Biggs,  Bingham,  Bingley, 
Blundeli,  Bohun,  Borlace,  the  Bor- 
oughs, Bourehier,  Bourke,  Brett, 
Brinsly,  the  Brookes,  tlie  Browns,  the 
Burghs,  Burray,  Button,  the  Carews, 
the  Careys,  Carleill,  Carleton,  Caven- 
dish, tlie  Cecils,  Challons,  Chaloner, 
Chami^ernoune,  Chichester,  Chudleigh, 
Chute,  Clarke,  Clifford,  Coitmore,  Coke, 
Comock,  Conisbie,  the  Conways,  Court- 
ney, the  Croftes,  Cross,  Dale,  the  Da- 
vises,  Dennis,  Denny,  tlie  D'Evereuxs, 
Dewhurst,  Dexter,  the  Digges,  the 
Drakes,  the  Drurys,  the  Dudlej-s,  Dyer, 
Edgecombe,  Erizo,  Everard,  Fairfaxes, 
Fenner,  Fenton,  Finch,  Frobisher,  Fry- 
er, Gates,  the  Gilberts,  Giles,  Godolfine, 
Goodere,  the  Gorgeses,  Goring  Gray, 
the  Grenvilles,  Greville,  Gwin,  Hamp- 
ton, the  Harcourts,  Harwood,  Hawker- 
idge,  the  Hawkinses,  Hawley,  Heneage, 
the  Herberts,  the  Holecrof  ts,  the  Hol- 
lises,  the  Howards.  Huntley,  James, 
Jermvn,  Kendall,  Keymis,  Killigrew, 
the  Kings,  the  KnoUyses,  Lane,  Le- 
gate, the  Lees,  Leigh,  Leveson,  Linde- 
sey,  Lloyd,  Lovelace,  Mannering,  Man- 
sell,  Martin,  Mason,  Meetkerk,  Mew- 
tis,  M?rriek,  Michelborne,  Mildmay, 
Mills,  Monson,  Moone,  the  Morgans, 
Moryson,  Mountaine,  the  Nevilles, 
Newce,  Newport,  the  Norrises,  the 
Norths,  Ogle,  Omie,  Orwell,  O'Toole, 


1126 


INDEX. 


Paget,  Pagnam,  the  Parkers,  Pearse, 
Pereivall,  the  Percys,  the  Petts,  the 
Peytoiis,  Pigot,  the  Pophams,  Powell, 
Preston,  Pioude,  the  Raleghs,  the  Rat- 
cliff'es,  Ridgeway,  Rive*s,  Romney, 
Rookwood,  the  Russells,  Sackville, 
Saint  Aldegonde,  the  Saint  Johns,  the 
kjaint  Legers,  Saninis,  the  Scotts,  Seely, 
Seymour,  Sheffield,  Shelton,  the  Sher- 
leys,  the  Sidneys,  Slingesby,  the  Smiths, 
Somers,  Sondes,  Sparks,  Spry,  Stewk- 
ley,  Sutton,  the  Talbots,  the  Trevors, 
Thorpe,  the  Throckmortons,  the  Tra- 
cys.  Van  Medkerke,  Vassall,  Vennor, 
the  Veres,  Wade,  Waldo,  the  Walsing- 
hams,  the  Watts,  the  Wests,  White, 
Whitson,  Wilniot,  the  Wilsfords,  the 
W^ingfields,  the  Winnes,  or  Wynnes,  the 
Winters,  Wiuwood.  the  Woods,  Wood- 
all,  Woodhouse,  Wright,  Wriothesley, 
the  Wrothes,  Wyat,  Yaxley,  Yeardley, 
the  Zouches,  and  others.  See  Biogra^ 
phies. 
Proude,  John,  merchant-tailor,  303  ;  Capt. 

William,  213,  974. 
Provincial,  the  (see  Balthazar),  .533. 
Provisions,  supplies,   etc.,    168,  405,  406, 
408,  493,  505,  608,  778,  797,  801.     Al- 
lowance, 401 ;   drink  only  water,  660  ; 
flesh,  meat,   pork,  etc.,   168,  408,  415, 
648,    800;    food,   479,   481;    furniture 
(supplies),  462  ;  goods,  492  ;  magazines, 
791),  932  ;  oat  meal,  409,  800 ;  victuals, 
335,    462,   485,   799,    800,    801.      See 
Deer,  Grocers'  Company,  Vension,  etc. 
Prusey,  Ambrose,  216,  974. 
Pruson,     See  Spruson. 
Prynn.     See  Pring. 

Public  :  lands,  873  ;  purse,  40 ;  record 
office,  London,  115 ;  stock,  37 ;  weal, 
38,  40.  -         _ 

Publications,  temps  Elizabeth,  24,  25 ; 
during  1606-1616.  See  Books,  Broad- 
sides, Stationers'  Company,  Tracts,  etc. 
Published  by  authority  of  the  Council  for 
Virginia,  LXVIIL,  LXX.,  LXXX., 
CXIV.,  CXV.,  CXL,  CXLII., 
CXLVIII.,  CLXIV.,  CLXXL,  CCX., 
CCLIII.,  CCCXLII.,  CCCLIIL, 
CCCLXII. 
Puckering,  Sir  John,  974 ;  Sir  Thomas, 
637,  697,  734,  736,  900,  906,  939,  974, 
999,  1014. 

Puebla,  Dr.  de ,  Spanish  ambassador 

in  England,  2. 
Puleston,   Catherine,  1033  ;  Roger,  Esq., 

546,  974,  1033. 
Purtis,  John,  948. 

Purchas,  Daniel,  974 ;  Daniel,  974 ; 
George,  974  ;  George,  974  ;■  John,  974 ; 
Martha,  974  ;  Mary,  974  ;  Sajuuel,  974  ; 
Saniuel,  974  ;  Samuel,  son  of  Rev.  Sam- 
uel, 974,  981 ;  Rev.  Samuel,  author, 
933,  974,  975;  his  Pilgrim,  974,  Pil 
grimage,  576,  577,  974,  pilgrimes,  52, 


64,  65,  76,  99,  127-139,  144,  145,  151- 
169,  182,  197,  199,  328-332,  416,  417, 
429-439,  457,  470,  477,  597,  598,  640- 
044,  662,  676,  784,  827,  831,  864,  870, 
891,  957,  968,  974,  981,  1030,  1032, 
1035,  1052,  1054,  Port.,  491;  Thomas, 
974 ;  William,  974. 

Purefoy,  Nicholas,  804,  975, 

Puritans,  719,  723,  852,  862,  867,  875,  903, 
993,  1006,  1050,  1058,  1067. 

Purleigh,  Essex,  974,  975,  990. 

Purpillian,  Hester  (Huguenot),  852 ; 
Thomas,  852. 

Puttick  and  Simpson,  337- 

Pym,  John,  Esq.  (one  of  "  The  Five  Mem- 
bers"), 886,  981,  993. 

Pynson,  printer,  859. 

Pyott  (see  Piggott),  Richard,  grocer,  257, 
387,  388,  468,  547,  557,  591,  975. 

Quaritch,  Mr.,  7,  337, 428,  746,  1006. 
Quarles,   Francis,  poet,  975 ;  John,  219, 

975 ;  John, 975. 
Queenborough,  631. 
Quentin,  Father  Jacques,  French  Jesuit, 

698-700,  702. 
Quested,  Thomas,  fishmonger,  282. 
Quester,  de.     See  Dequester. 
Quicke,   William,  grocer,  222,  468,  771, 

975. 
Quinn,  Walter,  poet,  1026. 
Quuiga.     See  Zuuiga. 

"  I.  R.,"  766. 

Radway,  Richard,  merchant-tailor,  304. 

Rainsford,  Sir  Henry,  797,  975,  976; 
Hercules,  Esq.,  975. 

Rainton,  Mary,  976;  Nicholas,  804,  976; 
Robert,  976. 

Ralegh,  Raleigh,  etc..  Sir  Carew,  466, 
544,  898,  976 ;  Carew,  818,  977  ;  Lady, 
444,  853,  873,  937,  977;  Margaret, 
898;  Mary,  991;  Walter,  the  elder 
(father  of  Sir  Walter),  880,  898 ;  Sir 
Walter,  author,  etc.,  9,  11,  13-15,  18- 
24,  26,  27,  143,  186,  189,  201,  324,  332, 
349,  357,  443,  444,  567,  672,  681,  693, 
749,  774,  807,  811,  813,  818,  820,  §21, 
834,835,  841-843,  849,  851,  852,  856 
873,  881,  884,  889,  897-902,  904,  905, 
908-910,  912,  915,  917,  925,  928,  9:34- 
937,  941,  950,  952,  953,  961,  967-969, 
972,  976,  977,  990,  991,  1002,  1007, 
1012,  1018,  1025,  1026,  1035,  1039, 
1041,  1043,  1049,  1051,  1053,  1054, 
1057,  1062,  1065,  1067,  1069,  Port., 
731. 

Ralegh's  Colony,  or  Roanoke,  13-21 
(30?),  185,  186,  189,  201,  260,  263, 
299,  300,  323,  349,  672,  681,  693,  749, 
793,  794,  (802?),  1007,  1041,  1043; 
Roanoak,  16,  18,  19,  185,  190,  459,  846, 
890,  905.  936,  976,  977,  1002,  1041, 
1051,  1058. 

Croatan,  21,   189,    190,    459;   Hatci- 


INDEX. 


1127 


rask,  19,  21,  4.')f);  ould  Virpiuia.  185, 
1028  ;  Port  Fernando,  -iVJ  ;  Port  Lane, 
459;  Ralegh,  city  of,  19,  20;  Trinity 
Harbour,  459  ;  Woeocon,  459 ;  Wyn- 
gandacoia,  13  ;  Wyngandecora,  17.  See 
North  Carolina,  Cavendish,  Ferdinando, 
Grenville,  Lane,  Ralegh,  Sidney,  Wal- 
singham,  John  and  William  White, 
Benjamin  Wood,  etc. 

Ramea  Island,  21,  23,  24.  931,  937. 

Ramirez,  Capt.  Uiego  (Spaniard),  G47, 
977. 

Ramsden,  Millicent,  widow,  222,  977 ; 
Samuel,  97T. 

Ramsey,  Mary,  984,  1058  ;  Sir  Thomas, 
984  ;  William,  984. 

Randolph,  Randall,  Catherine.  10o3 ;  Ed- 
mond,  814  ;  Edward,  7tj'» ;  Martha, 
m:> ;  Thomas,  1022 ;  Vincent,  866, 
1063. 

Rapier,  William,  1.34. 

Rasawrock,  187. 

Rastel,  John,  stationer,  954 ;  Judge  Wil- 
liam, author,  880;  M.  (John,  Jr.  ?),  2; 
880,  954. 

RatclifFe,  Sir  Alexander,  977  ;  Dorothy, 
978  ;  Edraond,  977  ;  Frances,  853  ;  Sir 
Humphrey,  853  ;  Sir  John,  977  ;  Sir 
John,  210,  628,  630,  803,  977.;  Capt. 
John,  77,85,  108,  168,  182,  198,  2(i0, 
201,  203,  213,  329,  334,  335,  341,  483, 
485,  486,  786,  977,  auto.,  978,  1007, 
1008;  Margaret.  977;  Thomas,  977; 
William,  977  ;  Mrs.  ,  1045. 

Ravaillac,  French  assassin,  391. 

Ravens,  Master  Henry,  416,  1053. 

Ravenscrofte,  William,  Esq.,  467,  546, 
978. 

Ravis,  Alice,  831  ;  Bishop  Thomas,  a 
translator  of  the  Bible,  242,  619,  831, 
835,  978. 

Rawdon  (see  Rovdon),  Marmaduke,  680, 
988 ;  Ralph,  988. 

Raymund,  Mr. ,  14. 

Reasons  for  raising  a  fund,  etc  ,  36-42, 
50. 

Reasons  for  plantation  of  Ireland,  325. 

Rebels,  46,  88-91,  101,  242,  255.  Se 
United  States  of  Holland,  etc. 

Receipts  from  Virginia  Company,  292, 
391,  392,  496. 

Recorders  (Archer,  Seymour),  vii. 

lieeords :  See  City  Companies  of  London, 
Dover,  East  India  Company,  English 
State  Papers,  etc.,  French  Documents, 
High  Wycombe,  London,  Northampton 
County,  Virginia,  Parliament  (Com- 
mons Journals).  Russia  Comp.any,  Sand- 
wich, Spanish  Documents,  Trinity 
House,  United  States  of  Holland,  etc. 
(Holland  Documents),  Virginia  Com- 
panies, etc. 

Reeve,  Jo  ,  896  ;  Phebe,  896. 

Reformation.     See  under  Protestantism. 

Register  Booke,  464,  466. 


See 


Register,  New  England  Historical  and 
Genealogical,  826,  853,  856,  880,  931, 
933,  961),  973,  989,  983,  987,  1030, 
10.52,  lOti.5. 

Register's  office  of  Virginia,  64,  65. 

Keighnolds.  Reynolds,  etc. ,  a  brewer, 

22S;  Heurv.'Esq.,  214,  467,978;  Hum- 
phrey, 804,'  078,  1004;  John,  469,  547, 
97>1 ;  Richard,  219,  978;  William,  mer- 
chant-tiiilor,  304,  978. 

Relations,  79,  85,  99,  140,  141,  181-183, 
203,  .326,  428-139,  479-488,  562-568, 
573,  576,  597-601,  706,  709-725,  746, 
775-777,  790. 

Religion.  See  Protestantism  and  Roman- 
ism. 

Remarks  on  Spanish  Documents,  etc.,  43- 
45 ;  on  English  Church,  state,  and 
trade,  250,  251,  255. 

Remembrancia,  city  of  London,  773. 

Removing  the  Colony.     See  under  Spain. 

Reports,  12.5-127,  143,  144, 183, 195,  393- 
399,  426,  427,  511-522,  621,  622. 

Resolutions,  148,  446-451,  737- 

Revett,  Mary,  885  ;  Thomas,  885. 

Revolution  6i  1776,  63,  8-56,  863,  993. 

Revner,  Elizabeth,  925 ;  Sir  William,  925. 

Rhode  Island,  142. 

Ribault,  Capt.  Jean  (Huguenot),  author, 
etc.,  4,  17,  908,  978. 

Rice's  ref)rint  of  Capt.  Smith's  Works, 
600. 

Rich,  Charles,  979;  Essex,  853,  979; 
Frances,  857  ;  Sir  Henry,  Earl  of  Hol- 
land, author,  etc. ,  .543, 862. 886. 979, 981, 
1070,  Port ,  741 ;  Isabella,  979,  980, 
1014,  1015  ;  Jane,  978  ;  "  The  young 
Lady,"  6.54;  Lettice,  979;  Lucy,  844; 
Margery,  978,  10lj4 ;  Marv,  1063;  Sir 
Nathaniel,  author,  797,  886,  978,  979, 
auto,  980,  981,  982,  993,  1016,  1064, 
Penelope,  979  ;  Penelope,  1045,  1046  ; 
Richard,  first  Baron,  978,  1063  ;  Rich- 
ard, 927,  928.  978  ;  Richard,  of  Lee,  978, 
979,  1064 ;  Robert,  first  Earl  of  W.ar- 
wick,  844,  853.  927,  928,  978-980, 1002, 
1046 ;  Robert,  third  Earl  of  Warwick, 
848,  981  ;  Robert,  978  ;  Robert,  poet, 
225,  420,  422,  978,  auto.,  980,  1061  ;  the 
grandson  of  the  second  Earl  of  Warwick, 
981;  Sir  Robert,  second  Earl  of  Warwick, 
author,  543,  770,  790,  796,  797,  833, 
847,  848,  857,  870,  885,  886,  902,  924, 
943,  950,  958,  973,  979,  980-983,  auto., 
982,  987,  1004,  1014-1016,  1021,  1044, 
1046,  1063,  1064,  1070,  Port.,  751. 

Richelieu, (French),  953. 

Richly  valued,  Virginia,  279,  280. 

Richmond,  Earl  and  Duke  of.  —  Ludovic 
Stuart.      • 

Richmond  Standard,  488,  498. 

Richmond,  Virginia  (.see  the  Falls),  600, 
963.  1017.  (Among  the  first  English- 
men to  see  the  falls  were  Archer.  Fitch, 
Nelson,  Newport,   Percy,  Jonas  Poole, 


1128 


INDEX. 


John  Smith,  and  Tyndall.  See  their 
biographies.) 

Richmond,  England,  17,  26. 

Riddall,  John,  Esq..  546. 

Rider's  (John)  Dictionary,  1040. 

Ridgeway,  Sir  Tliomas,  210,  983. 

Ridlesdon,  Riddlesdon,  Sir  Steven,  212, 
983. 

Ridley,  M. ,  2  ;  Bishop  Nicolas,  the 

martyr,  82.5. 

Riganxl,  Prof.  (1832),  910. 

Riggs,  W.,  35. 

Riley  (Ralegh  ?),  Mr.  Walter,  fishmonger, 
281. 

Ritanoe,  185. 

Rivas,  Ribas  (Spaniard),  177,  180,  254. 

Rivers,  Anne,  983 ;  Capt.  John,  16,  825, 
983  ;  Sir  John,  825,  983. 

Rivers  and  streams  in  Virginia,  455,  507, 
518,  519,  583,  .586;  Appomattox,  Ap- 
matiiek,  Appamatuck,  etc  ,  160,  18'.), 
830,  963  ;  Back,  492  ;  Chapokes  Creek, 
913 ;  Charles,  1025 ;  Chickahominy, 
"  Southampton  alias  Chiekahomine," 
etc.,  887,  971,  1063;  Coosa,  1020; 
creeks,  507,  517  ;  Cross  (river  of),  514  ; 
De  Le  Warr,  745,  877 ;  fresh  waters, 
156;  Hampton,  Southampton,  etc., 
1063  ;  Holy  Cross,  533  ;  Hudson's,  327, 
3.58,  459,  745,  815,  877 ;  James,  '•  the 
Kings,"  Powhatan's,  "King  James  his 
River  "  (see  James  River) ;  Kennebec, 
Kennebeck,  Kinib^que,  Sagadahoc  (see 
Kennebec  River)  ;  Lumber,  190 ;  Mat- 
tapament,  Mattapony,  etc.,  187  ;  Mis- 
sissippi, 1020;  Narragansett,  981; 
Neuse,  185,  190;  North,  745;  North- 
ward Rivers,  493  ;  Pagan  Creek,  186  ; 
Pamunkey,  Powmunkey,  Youghtanow, 
etc.,  187, 188,  867  ;  Payankatank,  187  ; 
Pemaquid,  25,  .50 ;  Penobscot,  Peme- 
roget,  Pentagoet,  etc.,  460,  533,  536, 
664,  1040  ;  Rappahannock,  Pembroke, 
Penbroke,  or  '"  The  Queen's  River," 
641,  642,  644,  921,  947,  1025,  1034, 
CLVIII. ;  Red,  1020;  running  We.st, 
830;  Roanoke,  185;  Sago,  1039;  St. 
Croix.  Eschemanis,  Etchemins,  etc.,  460, 
533  ;  St.  John's,  533  ;  South, 745  ;  South- 
ampton, 490, 1063  ;  Tahanock,460  ;  Tar, 
185  ;  Tennessee,  1020  ;  Warwick.  981  ; 
York,  "  The  Prince's  River,"  Prince 
Henrie  his  River  (see  maps,  XL VI., 
CLVIII,),  188,  458,  971, 998, 1025.  See 
Potomac  and  the  maps. 

Rives,  William  Cabell,  Esq. ,  xvi. 

Roanoak.     See  Ralegh's  Colony. 

Roberts,  Ellis,  or  Elias,  merchant-tailor, 
468,  .547,  771,  909,  982,  983,  1034; 
Elias,  Jr.,  983;  George.  4(58,  983; 
Henry,  136  ;  Theodore  (Tedder,  or  Tu- 
dor), 216,  983. 

Robins,  Dorothv,  888;  Edward,  983; 
George,   vintner,    226,    771,    982,    983; 


Mary,  996 ;  Obedience,  888,   983,  996, 
1043  ;  Richard,  804,  983. 

Robinson,  Arthur,  218,  983,  984;  Doro- 
thy, 910 ;  Edward,  merchant-tailor, 
305;  Henry,  217,  983;  Henry,  983; 
Heni-y,  984 ;  Humphrey,  grocer,  687  ; 
Jane,'^984 ;  Jehu,  214,  983,  1007  ;  John, 
222,  468,  984;  John,  gent.,  547,  983, 
984 ;  John,  merchant-tailor,  305,  984  ; 
John,  984;  Rev.  John,  1058;  Martha, 
984;  Mrs.  Mary,  984,  10.58;  Robert, 
218,  983.  984 ;  Robert,  984 ;  Susanna, 
984;  WiUiam,  910;  William,  984; 
William,  Pitt,  xvi ;  Mr. ,  10.58. 

Robsart,  Amy,  882. 

Robson,  George,  merchant-tailor,  304. 

Rochester,  180. 

Rochester,  Earl  of.  —  Robert  Carr. 

Rochester,  Earl  of,  1054. 

Roe,  Rowe,  Anne.  814 ;  Henry,  218,  981, 
984;  Sir  Henrv,  Jr.,  981;  Mary,  828, 
985;  Robert,  8^8,  984;  Susanna,  950, 
981 ;  Sir  Thomas,  author,  diplomat, 
etc.,  93,  211,  232,  240,  318,  375,  4.54, 
455,  768,  773,  774,  789,  814,  828,  834, 
863,  887,  917,  956,  957,  970,  984,  985, 
auto.,  986,  1014,  1042,  1066,  Port.,  771  ; 
William.  814,  984. 

Rogers,  Edward,  Esq.,  94,  969,  986  ; 
Elizabeth,  984 ;  Sir  Richard,  984  ;  Rich- 
ard, gent.,  218,  468,  771,  986 ;  Mr. , 

Jr.,  982. 

Rogers'  House  of  Alexander,  813. 

Rolfe,  Elizabeth,  825;  Elizabeth,  946; 
Elizabeth,  987  ;  Eustacius,  986  ;  Eiista- 
cius,  Jr.,  987 ;  Francis,  986 ;  Hannah, 
937;  Henry,  968;  Henry,  804,  986; 
John,  986,  987  ;  John,  author,  206,  639, 
730,  743,  746,  747,  751,  782,  787-790, 
835,  770,  937,  967,  968,  986,  987,  1011, 
1050;  Mrs.  John,  987;  Thomas,  968; 
Thomas,  787,  986,  987. 

RoUe,  Sir  Henry,  876. 

Romanism :  Catholic  Church,  244,  266, 
324,  375 ;  Church  of  Rome,  351,  .3-52 ; 
Papists,  271,  286,  290,  361,  366,  371, 
61^;,  1029 ;  Popish  Church,  290,  1049 ; 
Roman  Catholic  religion,  Romanism,  or 
Church  of  Rome,  v,  xiii,  xiv,  3,  7,  15, 
236,  237, 699-729,  1055  (see  Protestant- 
ism).    See  Popes  of  Rome. 

Auto  da  i6  in  Mexico,  7;  Catholics, 
476,  736,  1037,  1055 ;  Christian  mind, 
744 ;  Contractation  House  at  Seville, 
133-139,  926  ;  Florida,  17,  947  ;  Friera, 
129,  276,  291 ;  the  Galleys,  668 ;  Gui- 
sians,  1039;  His  Holiness,  124;  Holy 
Office,  7 ;  Inquisition,  675 ;  Italian 
forces,  124 ;  massacre  of  St.  Bartholo- 
mew, in  France,  5,  1002,  1041 ;  of  the 
Huguenots,  in  Florida,  17,  947;  of  the 
French,  in  Br.azil,  768  ;  monks,  276  ;  the 
Pope,  119,  736,  103!);  Poperie,  371, 
374;  Vera  Cruz,  6,  7,  568,  793,  947. 
See  Donation  of  Alexander  VI.,  Jesuits, 


INDEX. 


1129 


Oaths,  Objections,  Objects,  Papall  Bulls, 
Rome,  etc.  See,  also,  Acquaviva,  Alex- 
ander VI. ,  Tliomas  Arundell  of  War- 
dour,  Balthazar,  Biard,  Blasius,  Conry, 
Lafuente,  Masse,  Paid  V.,  Pius  V., 
Sixtus  v.,  the  tSpanish  officials,  etc. 

Ptome,  xvii,  2,  4,  123,  302,  314,  3G3,  475, 
533,  (ill,  698,  742.  See,  also,  \inder 
Romanism. 

Romeny,   Roniney,  Rumney,    Capt. , 

212; 'Elizabeth,  987;  Elizabeth,  1044; 
Rebecca,  Lady,  388,  987  ;  William,  987  ; 
Sir  William.  60,  92,  212,  232,  240,  384, 
406,  auto.,  987,  1045. 

Ronfer^,  Ensig'n  (French),  710. 

Roods  (Roads,  or  Rhodes  ?),  William, 
167. 

Rookwood,  Capt. ,  213. 

Roos,  Lord,  S.^l,  930,  938,  970. 

Roots  of  Virginia,  130,  194,  265,  314,  410, 
482.     See  Commodities. 

Roper,  Mistress,  941. 

Roscarrocke,  Roscowe,  William,  Esq.,  546, 
987. 

Rosier,  James,  author,  26, 27, 35,  829, 988, 
1009. 

Rosni,  Marquis  de  (Sully)  (French),  1003. 

Rotheram,  Rotherham,  Edward,  804,  988; 
Elizabeth,  9()3;  George,  963. 

Route.     See  Passage  to  Virginia. 

Rovenson  (Robenson  ?),  John,  657. 

Rovve  (see  Roe),  John,  merchant-tailor, 
305. 

Rowley,  William,  dramatist,  1026. 

Royal :  arms,  3J9  ;  assent,  41,  42 ;  Col- 
onies, 32,  42,  117,  etc.  (see  England, 
New  England,  and  Virginia) ;  dock,  2, 
32  ;  Exchange,  767,  860  ;  Historical 
MS.  Commission  Reports,  10,  14,  33, 
105,  106,  496,  734,  769  ;  Manuscript, 
790. 

Rovdon,  Rawdon,  Capt,  Marmaduke,  680, 
988. 

RoYston,  357. 

Rudolph  II.  of  Germany  (1576-1612),  816, 
817,  965,  1000,  1002,  1007. 

Ruggle,  George,  dramatist,  824. 

Rupert,  Prince  of  Bavaria  (grandson  of 
James  I.).  903. 

Russell,  Lady  Anne,  1045, 1046  ;  Edward, 
Earl  of  Bedford,  .542,  912,  915,  988; 
Franci.-j,  Earl  of  Bedford,  855,  881,  9S8  ; 
James,  216  ;  John,  218,988  ;  John,  Earl 
of  Bedford,  839 ;  Margaret,  Countess 
of  Cumberland,  .542,  855,  auto.,  988, 
992,  Port.,  791 ;  Sir  Thomas,  992;  Dr. 
Walter,  OlK),  601,  988;  William  of  Sur- 
rey, 988;  Sir  William.  1033.  1055; 
William  of  Virginia,  487,  988;  Sir 
William,  merchant,  etc.,  215,  388,  468, 

574,  854,  942,  988,  989  ;  Mr. ,   14. 

See  Lucy  Harrington. 

Russia,  or"  Muscovy,  125,  202,  666,  825, 
832,  852,  853,  8.59,  929,  948,  988,  1012, 
1917,  1027,  1032,  1057. 


Archangel,  956,  1012 ;  Dwina  River, 
83,  956  (see  North-E;ust  Discovery, 
etc.);  St.  Nicholas,  951);  Tanis  (Don 
rises  in  Lake  Ivan,  which  also  sends  a 
tributary  to  the  Volga)  Kiver,  8-3 ; 
Volga,  83,  956 ;  White,  or  Polonian 
Sea,  83,  124,  839,  859,  1012. 

Ru.ssia,  or  Muscovy  Company,  the  first 
English  company  organized  for  discov- 
ery, was  at  first  called  "  The  Mysterie 
and  Companie  of  the  Merchant  Ad- 
venturers for  discoverie  of  Regions  .  .  . 
unknown"  (p.  3);  afterwards  "The 
Fellow-ship  of  English  Merchants  for 
Discovery  of  New  Trades  (p.  5)  ;  and 
finally,  "  The  Russia,  or  Muscovy  Com- 
pany," 3,  5,  6,  8,  1 1,  14,  23,  64,  77, 178, 
260,  388,  574,  589,  {)09,  610,  (531,  (KiO, 
()77,  (i80,  767,  859,  860.  (The  records 
of  this  company  were  most  unfortu- 
nately burnt,  together  with  their  Lon- 
don offices,  in  the  great  fire  of  1066.) 
See  the  Barneses,  Bolles,  Bond,  the 
Boroughs,  Cabot,  Carleill,  Castelin, 
Chaloner,  CheiTy,  Cocke,  Cope,  Digges, 
Gerrard,  Sir  J.  Hart.  Sir  R.  liayward, 
the  Hudsons,  Joseph,  Ijeate,  Maj'e, 
Merrick,  liomney.  Sir  W.  Russell, 
Slany,  Sir  Thomas  Smith,  Sir  J.  Spen- 
cer, Stapers,  James  I.,  Towerson,  Tra- 
descant.  Sir  H.  Weld,  and  Sir  John 
Wolstenholme. 

Rutland,  Earl  of.     See  Manners. 

Rymell,  Hugh,  merchant-tailor,  304. 

"  S  S  "  767 

"W.  S.,"  568,  600,  601  (Shakespeare, 
Stansby,  Strachey,  Symonds,  etc.). 

Sabin,  Joseph,  242. 

Sabine's  American  fisheries,  25. 

Sabino,  191,  193. 

Sable  I.,  12. 

"Sacharissa,"  1003,  1004,  1017. 

Sackville,  Edward,  Esq.,  542,  896,  934, 
941,  989,  1016,  Port.,  801;  Richard, 
Earl  of  Dorset,  209,  8.55,  920,  941,  9S8, 
989,  Port.,  811;  Thomas,  Earl  of  Dor- 
set, dramatist,  etc.,  vii,  811,  849,  989, 
1067. 

Sad,  Stephen,  804. 

Sagadahoc  Relation,  140,  141, 

Sagadahoc  River.     See  Kennebec. 

Sainsbury,  W.  Noel,  Esq.,  xvii.  See  Cal- 
endars. 

Saint  Albans,  1st  Earl  of,  937. 

Saint  Albans,  Viscount.  —  Francis  Ba- 
con. 

Saint  Aldegonde,  author,  reformer,  14, 
989. 

Saint  Barbe,  Henry,  1041 ;  Ursula,  1041. 

Saint  John,  Anne,  989;  John,  224;  Sir 
John,  467,  543,  628,  630,  803,  989, 
1038;  Capt.  Nicholas,  128;  Oliver, 
977,  980,  999,  1038 ;  Sir  Oliver,  837  ; 
Master  Thomas,   133,    134,   137;    Sir 


1130 


INDEX. 


William.  211,  467,  549,  943,  980,  989, 
1004. 

Saint  Leger,  St.  Leiger,  Anne,  878,  880, 
990;  Anthony,  990,  997;  John,  990; 
Sir  John,  905  ;  Mary,  990  ;  Mary,  905  ; 
Ursula,  990;  Sir  Warham,  880,  990; 
Sir  Warham,  543,  919,  974,  990,  997, 
1011. 

Saint  Loe,  Sir  William,  847. 

Saint  Paule,  Sir  George,  979. 

Saint  George's  Bank,  460  ;  Saint  George's 
Fort,  140,  146,  188,  190-194,  535,  969; 
Saint  George's  Island,  191,  460  ;  Saint 
Ives,  138 ;  Saint  Louis,  81 ;  Saint  Ma- 
ries Bay.  See  Chesapeake  ;  Saint  Paul's 
Church,  London.     See  Paule 's. 

Sales,  William,  merchant,  304. 

Salinas,  Marques  de  (Spaniard),  513,  522, 
990. 

Salisbury,  Earls  of.  —  Robert  and  Wil- 
liam Cecil. 

Salisbury,  England,  111,  116,  117. 

Salisbury,  present  Marquis  of,  145. 

Salmon,   Christopher,  221  ;  E.  .,  36, 

566. 

Salt,  644,  703,  718,  800,  801 ;  cellar,  590- 
592;  cellar  by  Cellini,  909;  fish,  268 
(see  Fish)  ;  kerned,  644  ;  makers, 
353,  356,  470 ;  ponds,  644 ;  sea,  793 ; 
stones,  185 ;  water  (turning  of),  186, 
201. 

Salter's  Company,  of  London,  226,  250, 
813,  857,  867,  877. 

Salter,  Anne.  912,  991  ;  Edward,  Esq., 
54(5,  990,  991  ;  Nicholas,  Esq.,  216, 
467,  574,  912,  991. 

Salterne,  Robert,  26. 

Saltonstall,  Elizabeth,  1064 ;  Hester,  949 ; 
Sir  Richard,  949,  1064;  Sir  Richard, 
981 ;  Sir  Samuel,  545,  991. 

Salva  Terra,  of  Victoria,  in  Spain,  897. 

Sambach,  William,  217,  991. 

Samms,  George,  gent ,  547,  991 ;  Sir  Ge- 
rard, 991 ;  John,  Esq.,  991  ;  Sir  John, 
466,  544,  549,  991. 

Sampson,  Samson,  John,  16,  18,  20. 

"Sampson,"  781,  1008. 

Samuel  (a  Dutchman),  487,  488. 

Sanchez  (Spaniard),  816,  900. 

Sanderson,  Richard,  fishmonger,  282 ; 
William,  13,  20,  991. 

Sandoval.     See  Lerma. 

Sandwich,  England,    147,   461-470,    547, 

555,  723,  724. 
Sandy  (see  Napier),  Robert,  grocer,  257, 

387,  388,  557,  888,  955,  991. 
Sandys,  Anne,  825,  992;  Anne,  876; 
Anne,  1049  ;  Catherine,  994  ;  Dorothy, 
934 ;  Archbishop  Edwin,  author,  re- 
former, etc.,  81S,  99]-99() ;  Sir  Edwin, 
of  Latimer's,  934 ;  Sir  Edwin,  son  of 
Sir  Samuel,  995 ;  Sir  Edwin,  author, 
etc.,  vii,  47,  93, 122,  207,  211,  232,  240, 
461,  402,  465,  466,  530,  540,  546,  555, 
748,  755,  756,  770,  796,  810,  821,  824, 


825,  829,  835,  847,  873,  874,  891,  895, 
906,  918,  934,  958,  959,  966,  980,  981, 
983,  991,  992,  auto,  994,  995,  1039, 
1054,  1058,  1059.  1062,  1063 ;  Edwin, 
Esq.,  son  of  Sir  Edwin,  546,  994  ;  Eliz- 
abeth, 1054;  George,  gent.,  219,  994; 
George,  Esq.,  poet,  etc.,  546,  989,  992, 
994r,  995,  1032,  1063,  Port.,  821 ;  Hen- 
ry, Esq.,  214,  992,  995  ;  Henry,  son  of 
Sir  Edwin,  546,  994,  995  ;  Margaret, 
818,  992  ;  Miles,  992  ;  Miles,  Esq.,  992  ; 
Sir  Richard,  876  ;  Richard,  son  of  Sir 
Edwin.  214,  9'.;4.  995;  Robert,  996; 
Samuel,  Esq.,  995;  Sir  Samuel,  211, 
466,  .549,  770,  991,  993,  995, 996, 1049 ; 
Thomas,  Esq.,  214,  992,  996;  William, 
Lord  Sandes,  992  ;  William,  992  ;  Miss 
,  991. 

Sandys.     See  Sondes,  1020. 

Sanford,  Master ,  stationer,  781. 

Sanger,  Timo.,  35. 

"San  Nicholas,"  393,  .394. 

"Sans,"  William,  177. 

Santy,  Thomas,  merchant-tailor,  305. 

Sarmiento.     See  Gondomar. 

Sarsaparilla,  385. 

Sasacomett,  114.     See  Assacomoit. 

Sassafras,  87,  107,  164,  166,  195,  265, 
363,  384,  425,  520,  587,  783,  789. 

Saunders,  Lawrence,  the  martyr,  854; 
Robert,  merchant-tailor,  304. 

Saussaye,   Capt.  ,  La   (French),  689, 

710,  713-715,  717,  718,  724,  725,  732. 

Savage,  Ann,  996 ;  Grace,  996 ;  John, 
996  ;  Nathaniel  Littleton,  996 ;  Susan- 
na, 996;  Thomas,  996;  Thomas,  226, 
485,  487,  993 ;  Sir  William,  1045. 

Savages.     See  Native  Inhabitants. 

Savage  towns,  162,  330. 

Savile,  Sir  Henry,  author,  etc.,  845,  872. 

Savoy,  593,  665,  1025, 1050  ;  ambassador, 
666 ;  Duke  of,  Charles  Emmanuel  I. 
(1580-1630),  829,  885,  977,  980. 

Sawyer's  (Edmond)  "  Winwood  Memo- 
rials," 440,  526. 

Saxsey,  Auditor, ,  991. 

Saybrook,  906. 

Saye  and  Sele,     See  Fiennes. 

Sayer.     See  Seyer. 

Scarnafissi  of  Savoy,  884,  885,  977,  980. 

Scarpe,  John,  gent.,  226,  996. 

Schouten,  William  Cornelison  (Dutch), 
101,5. 

Scituate,  Mass.,  1036. 

Scotch,  Scots,  Scottish,  31,  119,  276,  607, 
609,  1026  (see  Biographies)  ;  Scotch- 
English  and  Scotch-Irish,  860;  Scot- 
land, 768. 
Scott,  Anthony,  417,  997 ;  Catherine, 
997  ;  Charles,  891,  892,  99(5 ;  Deborah, 
892 ;  Dorothy,  802  ;  Edmund,  author, 
548,  771,  997  ;  Mrs.  Elizabeth,  467,  542, 
997;  Elizabeth,  954;  Elizabeth,  997, 
101 1 ;  Emeline,  8S4,  997  ;  George.  218, 
468,  590,  594,  748,  771,  997  ;  Sir  John, 


INDEX. 


131 


93,  210,  232,  46G,  S14.  822,  919.  996, 
997,  1012,  101:3,  Port.,S:][  ;  Capt.  John, 
954;  Mary,  814,  9U(),  1011 ;  Mary.  990, 
997  ;  Sir  Reg-inald,  814,81.5,  990  ;  Rich- 
ard, 919,  997  ;  Sir  Thomas,  8S4,  996, 
997,  1011;  Sir  Thomas,  990;  Thomas, 
gent.,  228,  4U8,  990,  997  ;  Thomas  of 
Sevenock,  997  ;  Sir  Walter,  S07,  942. 

Scott  Pedigree,  extract  from,  996,  997. 

Scrivener,  John,  998;  Matthew,  gent, 
125,  216,  978,  998,  1007. 

Scroope,  Master ,  16. 

Scrope,  Lord,  958. 

Scudamore,  Sir  James,  466,  54.3,  998, 
1081;  Sir  John  ("Sir  Seudamore '"), 
998;  Sir  John,  803,  8l)4,  874,  998; 
Mrs.  ,  1045. 

Scudder,  Mr.  Horace  E.,  xvi. 

Scull,  G.  D.,  438  ;  his  Erelyns  in  America, 
quoted.  440,  888. 

Seabright,  Sebright,  Edward,  the  elder, 
9!)8;  Edward,  Sm-,  Sarah,  866,  998; 
Solo.,  453,  454;  William,  Esq.,  214, 
998 

Seal  of  the  Va.  Co.,  etc.,  56,  57,  76,  343, 
4IJ7,  453,  4.54,  496,  690,  731,  761,  779, 
S14. 

Seale  Ring,  557 ;  Seale  Rock,  435,  436 ; 
Scales,  435. 

Seaman  (see  Seymour),  Jlr. ,  vii,  192. 

Sears.     See  Seyer. 

Seas.     See  Atlantic  and  Pacific  Oceans. 

Sebastian,  King  of  Portugal  (1557-1578) 
[supposed  to  be  still  living?],  1024. 

Seckford,  Sir  Henry,  211,  998. 

Secretary  of  the  Va.  Co.,  viii,  ix,  237- 
See  R.  Atkinson,  Edward  Maye,  or 
Mayo,  and  H.  Fotherby. 

Sedan  (see  Tindall),  Thomas,  .330. 

Seed  planted  at  Jamestown,  the,  xv,  352, 
637,  821. 

Seeds,  410,  491,  492,  .587,  776. 

Seely  (see  Ceely),  Capt.  Thomas,  16,  998. 

Segar,  William,  lOOS. 

Selden,  John,  author,  31,  803,   904,  919, 

^  932,  945,  993.  998.  Port.,  841. 

Semer  (see  Seymour),  1028. 

Senyor,  Robert,  merchant-tailor,  304. 

Sermons,  v,  192,  255,  256,  2.58,  259,  282- 
291,  293-302,  312-316,  360-375,  407, 
491,  579-588,  880. 

Servants,  550,  759,  805,  10-34. 

Seton,  Mr. .  stationer,  292. 

Seville,  SiviUe  (Spain),  114,  129,  133- 
139,  440,  523,  539,  577,  592,  609,  635 
648. 

Sever,    Sears,    etc..     Sir     George,    998 
Thomas,  gent.,  228.  998. 

Seymour,  Sir  Edward.  94,  576,  998.  999 
Sir  Edward.  998.  999.  1051  ;  Edward 
Earl  of  Hertford,  102S,  1046;  R 
Richard,  vii,  102,  192,999. 

Shackenburg,  Helena  (a  Swede),  901,  966, 
1045,  104(i. 

Shacley,  William,  haberdasher,  223,  999. 


Shah  Abbas  I ,  of  Persia  (1582-1628), 
y85,  lOUO. 

Shah  Jehan,  Great  Mogul  of  India  (1605- 
1627),  985. 

Shakespeare,  John,  891 ;  William,  dra- 
matist, 23,  32,  416,  508,  637,  807,  818, 
Sl'1,  822,  830,  836,  837,  881,  885,  891, 
901,  906, 920-922,  992,  999,  1061,  1062- 

Shanois,  Chanoyes,  785,  853. 

Shareholders  in  Virginia,  549,  550,  774, 
777-779  (see  Land-owners) ;  shares  of 
land  in  Virginia,  549,  550,  774,  777- 
779. 

Sharpe,  Dr.  Leonel,  1025 ;  WiUiam,  225, 
999 ;  Lieut. ,  782._ 

Sharpless,  Thomas,  570,  571. 

Shea,  Dr.  J   G.,  326,  947. 

Sheffield,  Edmund  Lord,  209,  231,  379, 
692,  696,  943,  auto.,  999,  Port,  851  ; 
Elizabeth,  999;  Frances,  999;  John, 
second  Baron,  999 ;  Sir  John,  999 ;  Marv, 
999. 

Sheldon,  Mrs.  Margaret,  992 ;  Philippa, 
818 

Shelley,  Henry,  223, 1000;  Judith,  1000; 
Mary,  1000 ;  Walter,  804,  1000. 

Shelton.  Capt. ,  212 ;  Sir  Raphe,  467, 

544,  1000. 

Shepard,  Sheppard,  Anne,  890  ;  Matthew, 
grocer,  325,  468,  771,  1000;  Matthew, 
Jr.,  1000;  Rev.  Richard,  223,  1000; 
Thomas,  1030. 

Sherewood,  John,  1035. 

Sherley,  Shirley,  Sir  Anthony,  24,  104, 
105,  116,  244,  1000,  1001,  1048;  Ce- 
cilia, 1001,  1048;  Eleanor,  834;  Marv, 
1031  ;  Ralph,  834  ;  Sir  Robert,  1st  Eail 
of  Ferrers,  1001 ;  Sir  Robert,  diplomat, 
etc.,  500,  750,  957,  1000,  1001,  104*^ ; 
Sir  Thomas,  105,  116,  466.  1000,  1001 
1031,  1045,  1046,  1048;  Sir  Thomas, 
Jr.,  1001,  1048. 

Sherley,  or  Shirley,  Hundred,  Va.,  782, 
873,  1047. 

SherweU,  Sherwin,  Nicholas,  804,  1001; 
Thomas,  803,  804, 1001 ;  Thomas,  822, 
1001. 

ShUds,  Shields,  Thomas,  of  London,  547. 

Shingleton.     See  Singleton. 

Shipley,  Hugh,  gent.,  223. 

Shipman,  W.,  772. 

Ships,  37.  38,  40,  251,  2.59,  265,  269,  317, 
340,  398,  496,  520,  523.  640,  644,  775, 
778-780,  859,  908,  951,  1033;  in  Vir- 
ginia, 1603,  or  1606  (?),  188 ;  arrived 
from  Virginia,  569,  570,  572,  577,  578 ; 
sent  to  Virginia.  608  (see  Voyages)  ; 
ship-timber  (see  Timber  and  ilasts) ; 
ship-building,  268,  398,  443,  452,  456, 
650,  661,  966;  carpenters,  398,  469;. 
wreck,  448;  wrights,  248,  271,  353, 
•355,  445,  469,  96(i ;  stores  (see  under 
Commodities,  Cordage.  Pitch,  and  Tar). 
See  LVIIL.  and  Visseher"s  London. 
Abigail,  887,    1011;   Black   Hodge, 


1132 


INDEX. 


831 ;  Blessing,  328-330,  403,  413,  418, 
425,  455,  103(j  ;  Dainty,  393,  428,  455  ; 
De  la  Warr,  402,  413  ;  Deliverance, 
406,  423,  640  ;  Diamond,  329,  331,333 ; 
Discoverer,  76,  85 ;  Discovery  (two  or 
more  ?),  76,  85,  388,  4U6,  408,  493,  556, 
970 ;  Edwin,  680,  682,  684,  823,  824, 
943 ;  Elizabeth,  497,  578,  653,  655,  659, 
660,  675,  689,  724 ;  Falcon,  329,  330 ; 
Flushing  (man-of-war),  885,  980;  Fly- 
ing Horse  of  Fhishing,  772  ;  "  Frigat," 
642,  644;  George,  774;  Gift  of  God, 
102,  121,  144,  145,  191 ;  Godspeed,  76, 
85;  Golden  Hind,  12,  32,  915;  Good- 
speed,  76,  85  ;  Grace  of  God  (French), 
475,  815  ;  Halfe  Moone  (Dutch),  327, 
358;  Hector  (?),  440;  Hercules,  403, 
404,  418,  425,  439-441,  455,  488,  489 ; 
Hope  (E.  I.),  957  ;  John  and  Francis, 
118,  121,  124,  175,  528,  538,  554,  557, 
577,  578,  941  ;  La  Prime  (French),  726, 
728;  Lion,  329,  330;  Madre  de  Dios 
(Spanish),  22,  956 ;  Sir  R.  Mansfield's 
ship,  640 ;  Margaret  and  John,  830, 
831  ;  Margaret,  of  Bristol,  1(;60  ;  Mar- 
get,  138 ;  Martha,  621,  058,  661 ;  Mary- 
flowre,  931,  1052  ;  Mary  and  John,  102, 
121,  140, 141, 144,  191,  193  ;  Mary  and 
Margaret,  178,  904;  "Mateo,"  682, 
684;  Mayflower,  8.';5,  8(.2,  902,  905, 
943  ;  Neptune,  962  ;  Patience,  406,408, 
423,  429,  473,  1042  ;  "  Peter  of  Sivill " 
(Spanish),  132;  Phoenix,  27,  118,  121, 
124,  125,  174,  178,  180,  972;  Planta- 
tion (Spanish  phantom  ship),  512-516; 
Plough,  557,  589 ;  Prosperous,  497 ; 
Providence,  855 ;  Resolution,  556 ; 
Richard,  127,  758;  Santo  Antonio 
(Spanish),  9C0 ;  Sarah,  554,  557,  578 ; 
Sarah  Constant,  76,  85  ;  Sea  Adventure, 
or  Sea  Venture,  328,  329,331-334,  400, 
401,  422,  520  (see  The  Tempest); 
Searchthrift,  839 ;  Silver  Falcon,  1066 ; 
Speedwell,  972 ;  Squirrel,  12 ;  Star, 
532,  682;  Supply,  1032;  Susan,  790; 
Susan  Constant,  76,  85 ;  Swallow,  329, 
331,  392, 393,  1047  ;  Temperance,  1024 ; 
Thomas,  081),  6S2, 684 ;  Tiger  (Levant), 
885  ;  Tiger  (E.  I.),  949  ;  Tobacco  Pipe 
(a  carvell),  813  ;  Treasurer,  528,  573, 
664,  741,  745,  782,  815,  816,  885,  886, 
968,980,987;  Trial,  570,  648;  Unity, 
329,  330,  4S4  ;  Virginia,  192-194,  197, 
329,  331,  404,  406  ;  Welcome,  767.  See 
Naval  Affairs,  etc 

Shipton,  Thomas,  215,  1001;  Thomas, 
220. 

Shirley.     See  Sherley. 

Shoals  in  the  ocean,  157,  437,  4.38,  459, 
460,  514,  519,  793,  970.  See  Atlan- 
tic. 

Shoemakers',  or  Cordwavners',  Company, 
of  London,  227,  S24,\834,  858;  shoe- 
makers sent  to  Virginia,  248,  445,  470. 

Shops.     See  under  Stationers'  Company. 


Short  collection,  etc.,  874,  1057 ;  short- 
hand, 692-696. 

Short,  John,  390 ;  William,  merchant- 
tailor,  305. 

Shortis,  SibbeU,  1054. 

Shrewsbury,  Earls  of.  —  George  and  Gil- 
bert Talbot. 

Sicklemore,  Master  Michael,  186,  1001. 

Sicklemore.     See  Capt.  John  Rateliffe. 

Sidney,  Algernon,  author,  965, 1003  ;  Bar- 
bara, 1004  ;  Catharine,  1004  ;  Dorothy, 

1003,  1017;  Sir  Henry,  author,  889, 
897,  905,  920,  V»21,  1001,  1003  ;  Henry, 
author,  1003  ;  Henry,  1003  ;  Lucy,  912, 
1001  ;  Madame  Mary,  1001 ;  Mary, 
Countess  of  Pembroke  (see  Herbert), 
"Sidney's  sister,"  5,  8,  542,  920-122, 
1001,    1045,   1046,   Port.,  861  ;   Mary, 

1004,  1064;  Sir  Philip,  poet,  author, 
etc.,  5,  14-16,  832,  834,  845,  877,  905, 
906,  908,  912,  979,  1001,  1002,  1003, 
1041,  1045,  1046,  Port,  871  ;  Philip, 
1003;  PhiUippa,  1004;  Robert,  Vis- 
count Lisle,  poet,  209,  i;31,  318,  379, 
465,  910,  943,  965,  1001,  1003.  1004, 
1017,  1064,  Port.,  881  ;  Sir  Robert, 
1003;  Robert,  10C3;  Thoma,s,  Esq., 
899;  8ir  Thomas,  1001;  Thomasin, 
899;  William,  1003;  William,  912, 
1001;  "the  Sidneys,"  812. 

Sigismund  HI.,  of  Poland  (1587-1632), 
965,  985. 

Sigismimd.     See  Bathori. 

Signs.     See  Stationers'  Company. 

Silk,  268,  313,  800,  1012  ;  dressers,  .353  ; 
grass  (or  camack's  flax),  349,  385,  504  ; 
worms,  265,  663,  689,  1022.  See  Mer- 
cers' Company  of  London. 

Sillery,  Saint  Joseph  de,  945. 

Sillery,  Nicolas  Brulart  de.  Marquis 
(1544-1624),  French  diplomat.  1037- 

SUver,  58,  113,  160,  244,  246,  268,  280, 
357,  395,  456,  521,  634,  638,  647,  950  ; 
mines,  950,  1040;  ore,  584,  977,  981, 
1012.  See  Mineral  Kingdom  of  Vir- 
ginia, and  Goldsmiths'  Comjiany,  of 
London. 

Simancas,  Documents  from  the  Archives 
of.     See  Spanish  Documents. 

Simmons,  Richard,  168. 

"Simons,  old  "  (see  Symonds),  655. 

Singleton,  Robert,  215,  468,  1004. 

Sirley.     See  Sherley. 

Sislev.  Thomas,  8l4. 

Sixtus  V.  (Pope  1585-1.590),  19. 

Skelton,  James,  224 ;  Master  William, 
680. 

Skettwarroes  (Indian),  50. 

Skillicorne.  Sir  John,  931 ;  Lucy,  931. 

Skinners'  Company,  of  London,  dealers  in 
furs,  etc.,  226,  250,  834,  856,  857,  865, 
875,  890,  949,  1012,  1017,  1064. 

Slany.  Anne,  938  ;  Dorothy,  1004  ;  Eliza- 
beth, 93^  ;  Humphrey,  390,  9S2.  990, 
1004;  John,  1004;    John,   390,    1004; 


\ 


INDEX. 


1133 


Mary,  846 ;  Richard,  846 ;  Stephen, 
11,  869,  ',«8,  1U04. 

Slaughter,  Rev.  Pliilip,  xvi. 

Slingesby,  Capt.  ,  21^. 

Sloaue  MS.,  562,  5()5-.J67,  1051. 

Slone,  John,  822  ;  Margaret,  822. 

Smaley,  Capt. ,  782. 

Smalhuan,  Francis,  gent.,  547,  1004. 

Srnartfete,  Thomas,  tishraonger,  2S1. 

Smijth  (see  Sir  William  Smith,  of  Essex), 
1018. 

Smith,  Smythe,  Alice,  913,  1012 ;  Alice, 
1006;  Andrew,  1012;  Anne,  929; 
Buckingham,  326  ;  Catherine,  907,919, 
997,  1012,  1013;  Cleophas,  216,  469, 
771,  1004;  Edmund,  220,  1004;  Ed- 
ward, haberdasher,  228,  1004 ;  Eliza- 
beth, 8S9,  1012  ;  Elizabeth,  1011  ;  Eliza- 
beth, 956 ;  Ezekiel,  225  ;  Frances,  908  ; 
Frances,  912;  Francis,  Esq.,  893; 
George,  1006 ;  Geoi-ge,  grocer,  771, 
982,  1004;  Henry,  1012;  Sir  Hugh, 
901  ;  Humfrey,  of  London,  469,  547, 
914,  1004;  James,  912;  Jane,  1012; 
Joan,  836,  913 ;  John,  of  Corsham, 
1011 ;  Sir  John,  953  ;  John,  101 1  ;  John, 
929 ;  John,  Esq.,  son  of  Sir  Tliomas, 
546,979,  98l),  1004,  1014,  1015,  1017; 
Sir  John,  brother  of  Sir  Thomas,  211, 
956,1004,  1005,  1012,  1070;  John,  of 
Nibley,  author,  .547,  623,  628,  (J.iO,  797, 
828,  985,  1005,  1006,  1008,  1031,  1059, 
1060;  Capt.  John,  author,  77,  108,  152, 
178,  214,  319,  327,  328,  330-334,  342, 
344,  397,  484,  620,  689,  736,  749,  751, 
752,  769,  770,  784,  786-788,  814,  820, 
827,  853,  863,  884,  8S8,  894,  940,  941, 
944,  950,  964,  965,  967,  968,  971,  975, 
978,  991,  1005,  1006-1010,  auto.,  1010, 
1013,  1028,  1030,  1032,  1042-1044, 
1047, 1048,  1051,  1056,  Port,  891  ;  Jon- 
athan, 804,  1010;  Margaret,  920,  IDIS; 
Margaret,  1011;  Martha,  984;  Mary, 
1012;  Mary,  1011 ;  Nicholas,  merchant- 
tailor,  305  ;  Noah,  merchant-tailor,  304 ; 
Othowell,  fishmonger,  217,  280,  1010; 
Philip,  Viscount  Strangford,  1004 ; 
Richard,  222,  1010;  Sir  Richard,  545, 
770,  997,  1010,  1011,  1012;  Robert, 
1003,  1017;  Robert,  1012;  Robert, 
merchant-tailor,  222,  771,  982,  auto., 
1011 ;  Capt.  Roger,  987,  1011 ;  Samuel, 
224 ;  Lady  Sarah,  997,  1004,  1013, 
1017  ;  Sir  Sidney  Stafford,  1003,  1017  ; 
Simon,  1012  ;  Thomas,  Viscount 
Strangford,  1004,  1005  ;  Thomas,  984  ; 
Mr.  Customer  Thomas,  2U,  771,  913, 
919,  92.5,  977,  9.(7,  1011,  1012;  Sir 
Thomas,  25,  47,  49,  57,  64-66,  92,  115, 
124,  128,  173,  179,  210,  231,  232,  240, 
242,248,  260,  292,  303,  308-310,  318, 
326,  336,  337.  3.56,  373,  384,  388,  3^9, 
391,  427,  439,  445,  452,  454,  464-466, 
471,  477,  496,  529,  530,  538,  539,  546, 
557,  558,  560,  561,  571,  574,  578,  617, 


621,  626,  627,  639,641,652,661,677, 
684,  689,  690,  746,748,751,755,756, 
760,  76. J,  764,  767,  770,  776,  778,  81o, 
820,  8:^2,  824,  833,  839,  844,  852,  860, 

■  861,868,878,889,900,  907,  913,  914, 
925,  932,  943,  950,  955,  956,  9()8,  977, 
97!»,  980,  982,  985,  988,  993,  997,  1003, 
1004,  1010,  1011,  1013-1018,  auto., 
1018, 1043,  1057-1065,  1070,  i'ori.,  901  ; 
Sir  Thomas  (died  1577),  author,  1018, 
1056  ;  Sir  Thomas,  clerk  of  the  Coun- 
cil, author,  93,  122,  851,  920,  1018  ; 
Thomas,  son  of  Sir  Thomas,  546,  1017, 
1018;  Ursula,  1012;  Ursula,  103  J  ; 
Warren,  771  ;  William,  908;  >sir  Wil- 
liam, of  London,  4()ti,  804  (89ii),  1018; 
Sir  William,  of  llill  Hall,  Essex,  545, 
1018;  William  (Thomas".'),  176;  Mr. 
,  stationer,  293. 

Smith  s  Hundred,  984,  1000,  1015,  1063  ; 
Island,  641,  1013,  CLVIIL 

Smith's  (Capt.  John)  Works :  True  Rela- 
tion, 178,  181-189 ;  letter  from  Gen- 
eral History,  178,  199-204,  784;  Ox- 
ford Tracts  and  Virginia  Maps,  199, 
459,  461,  596-601,  620,  749,  751,  752, 
780,  781,  1007-1009,  1025,  1030;  New 
England  and  Map,  780-782, 1008,  1025  ; 
letter  from  General  History,  783-788  ; 
General  Plistory,  x,  48,  49",  169,  170, 
178,  188,  192,  199-204,  206,  338,  461, 
477,  598-601,  765,  783-788,  828,  831, 
964,  965,  1008-1010,  1028,  1030,  1051 
(see,  also,  the  personal  references  to 
Cai)t.  Smith  in  the  Biographies)  ;  Ad- 
vertisements, etc.,  206,  823,  1009; 
Works  (all  of  them),  1007-1010. 

Snead,  Thomas,  219. 

Snedale,  Hugh,  991 ;  Margaret,  991. 

Soame,  Soane,  Joseph,  222,  1018 ;  Sir 
Stephen,  grocer,  210,  387,388,557,591, 
1018 ;  Tliomas,  1018. 

Soap  (or  Sope)  ashe-men,  .353  ;  ashes,  202, 
205,  239,  268,  314,  317,  340,  349,  363, 
395,  800  ;  ashes  trees,  587. 

Society  of  Antiquaries  of  London,  xvii, 
356,  439,  445,  608,  765,  911,  1022. 

Soda,  Anthony,  grocer,  257,  387,  389,  558, 
591,  687,  1018. 

Soil  of  Virginia,  86,  107,  110,  113,  121, 
161,  175,  176,  265,  268,  481,  494,  .502, 
521,  584,  648.  661,  672,  776,  794;  fer- 
tile, 4.55,  481,  775. 

Soldiers,  Souldiers,  203,  310,  627,  649, 
805. 

Somers,  Sir  George,  24,  46,  52,  53,  58-60, 
62,  63,  192,  211,  320,  328,  329, 334,  .345, 
354,  359,  360,  400,  402,  404,  406,  408, 
415,  419,  424,  429,  431-434,  463,  473, 
484,  537,  616,  617,  620,  749,  750,  752- 
754,  821,  892,  9.53,  971,  972.  1018, 
auto.,  1019,  1042,  Port.,  i>ll  ;  Johanna, 
1019;  Master  Matthew,  329,  473, 1019, 
1042,  1043;  Nicholas,  1019;  "Earl 
Somers,"  1018. 


1134 


INDEX. 


Somers  Island.    See  Bermudas. 

Somerset,  Duke  of,  998  ;  Edward,  Earl  of 
Worcester,  oUO,  677,  <J80,  1U19  ;  Henry, 
Earl  of  Worcester,  941  ;  Lady  Jane, 
941 ;  William,  Earl  of  Worcester, 
1019 ;   Earl  of.  —  Robert  Carr. 

Sondes,  Anthony,  UUU ;  Elizabeth,  960  ; 
Sir  George,  1U20 ;  feir  Michael,  210, 
231,  919,  1020;  Paulina,  960;  Sir 
Richard,  919,  1020. 

Sotheby's,  London,  182. 

Sotherton,  George,  9U7;  George,  mer- 
chant-tailor, 303 ;  Helen,  907. 

Soto,  Ferdinando  de  (Spaniard),  279,  280, 
792,  971,  1020. 

Soto's  route,  1020. 

South  Amei-ica,  23,  64,  85.5,  954,  1007, 
1026  ;  the  north  part  of  South  America 
from  the  Gulf  of  Darien  to  the  Island 
of  Trinidad,  called  "  Tierra  Firma," 
670:  An^erma,  670;  Barburate,  671; 
Caly,  670  ;  Caraceas,  455,  671  ;  Carta- 
gena, 16,  510-512,  524,  525,  671,  675, 
792,  828,  905;  Carthago,  670;  Coro, 
671  ;  Cumana,  671  ;  Darien,  Gulf  of, 
670 ;  Margarita,  island,  671,  91() ;  Me- 
riola,  670  ;  Mompox,  670 ;  Pamplon, 
670;  Pasto,  670;  Popain,  670;  Port 
d'Espaigne  (Port  of  Spain,  Trinidad), 
454;  Rio  de  Hacha,  671  ;  Saint  Jago 
de  Leon,  670  ;  Santa  Fe,  670  ;  Santa 
Fee,  670 ;  Santa  Maiia,  671  ;  Tiraana, 
670;  Tocayma,  O'iO;  Trinidad  Island, 
454,  473,  670,  671,  920;  Tunxa,  670  ; 
Uraba  (Darien),  Gulf  of,  670 ;  Victo- 
ria, 670.  See  Amazon  River,  America, 
Brazil,  Buenos  Ayres,  Chili,  Fernando 
de  Noronha,  Guiana,  New  Spain,  New 
World,  Peru,  Plate  River,  Portugal, 
Sjjain,  West  Indies. 

South  Carolina,  4,  947.  See  Carolina  and 
Florida. 

South  Sea.     See  Pacific  Ocean. 

South  Virginia.     See  Virginia. 

Southampton,  England,  19. 

Southampton  Hundred,  Va.,  1015,  1063  ; 
River,  490,  1063. 

Southampton,  Earl  of.  —  Henry  Wriothes- 
ley. 

Southampton,  Lady  of,  1028. 

Southcott,  Anne,  994. 

Southern  Literary  Messenger,  150,  182, 
790. 

Southern  States,  1020. 

Sou  theme,  AVilliam,  228. 

Southwarke  (London),  282,  283,  1029. 
See  Vis.scher's  London. 

Southwick,  John,  223,  1020. 

Spain,  V,  xiii,  xiv,  2,  3,  7-9,  14-28,  38, 
42,43,  45,  46,  .50,  89,  95,  113,114,  119, 
122,  123,  129,  148,  140,  166,  180,  196, 
245,  255,  256,  259,  262,  270,  271,  307, 
313,  336,  340,  343,  348,  366,  387,  395, 
397-399,  418,  440,  442,  452,  455,  472, 
473,  476,  494,  509-528,  531,  533,  537, 


539,  554,  5.56,  561,  566,  568,  569,  572, 
573,  575,  588,  590,  592-594,  601-(303, 
606-t)23,  632,  634-636,  646-654,  656- 
658,  665,  668,  682,  689,  697,  730,  745, 
769,  80.3,  838,  947,  986,  1025-1C27, 
1062,  lOu.3.  See  Spaniards  and  Span- 
ish. 

Alicante  wine,  395 ;  Andalusia,  592 ; 
Aragon,  650,653  ;  Aranquez  (Aranjuez), 
311  ;  Badajos,  838;  Cape  Finister,  32  ; 
Castile,  100,  103,  6Q8 ;  Cimdado,  137 ; 
grandee  of,  1020 ;  Malaga,  521  ;  Pardo, 
or  Prado  (Prado,  in  Portugal  ?),  509, 
510,  524,  525 ;  St.  Lucas  (St.  Lucar), 
133,  830,  947 ;  St.  Sebastians,  539 ;  San 
Lorenzo,  311,  6.54  ;  Toledo,  1054  ;  Val- 
ladolid,  196,  926  ;  Ventosilla,  102,  663. 
See  Cadiz,  Canary  Islands,  Flanders, 
Madiid,  Portugal,  Seville,  Simancas, 
Spanish  possessions  in  America,  Trea- 
ties with.  Truce,  War. 

Spaniards,  xiii,  3,  5,  6,  81,  98,  108,  113, 
120,  122,  127,  138,  139,  143,  152,  263, 
264,  313,  314,  342,  396,  454,  507,  508, 
590-592,  595,  635,  666-668,  693,  734, 
748,  7J-3,  791-795,  815,  830,  838,  903. 
See  Spain  and  Spanish. 

Spanish  Documents  from  the  Archives  of 
Simancas  :  Remarks  thereon,  43-45 ; 
documents,  etc.,  sent  from  England  to 
Philip  HI.,  173-177,  184-195,  248,  249, 
259-277,  457-461,  646-654,  740-745; 
Instructions  to  Gondomar,  636 ;  Rela- 
tions and  ReiJorts,  326,  393-399 ;  to 
the  Council  of  State,  511-522  ;  Reso- 
lutions, etc.,  of  the  Spanish  Council  of 
State,  91,  95,    101,    125-127,  143,  144, 

183,  426,  427,  510,  621,  622,656  ;  Royal 
Decrees,  127,  144,  260,  622 ;  (Rutiers, 
670). 

Letters :  Ciriza  to  Pedrastra,  100, 
101 ;  Gondomar  to  Ciriza,  900  ;  Gon- 
domar to  Philip  III.,  659-662,  675, 
676,  680-084,  737-740,  759,  899,  9(J0  ; 
Lerma  to  Arostegui,  509,  510  ;  Molina 
to  Velasco,  646-654  ;  Molina  to  Gondo- 
mar, 740-745  ;  Philip  II L  to  Zufiiga, 
91,  102,  103,  115,  116,  125,  180,  1»1, 
196,  311 ;  PhUip  HI.  to  Ga.spar  de  Pe- 
reda,  451,  452  ;  Philip  HI.  to  Velasco, 
476,  524-526,  533,  537.  538,  553,  554, 
560,  593,  603,  610,  611,  631,  632,  657, 
658 ;  Philip  IH.  to  Gondomar,  654, 
663  ;  Philip  III.  to  Sanchez,  900  ;  San- 
chez de  Ulloa  to  Philip  IIL,  900;  Ve- 
lasco to  Philip  in.,  392,  418,  419,  442, 
443,  455-457,  473,  494,  495,  523,  527, 
531,  532,  554,  560,  602,  633,  634,  638, 
639,  645-646 ;  Zuniga  to  Philip  III., 
45,  46,  88-90,  97-99,  104,  l0.j,  110, 
111,   116-124,  140,  141,  147,  172,  183, 

184,  196-198,  243-247,.  254,  255,  258, 
259,  310,  324,  332,  333,  336,  337,  357, 
358,  386,  {Flores)  572,  573,  575,  632, 
033.     See    the    letters    from    the  Eng. 


INDEX. 


lish  ambassadors  to  Spain,  Francis 
Cottington  and  Sir  John  Digby,  and 
also  the  letters  from  Sir  Thomas  Ed- 
niondes. 

Documents  not  found,  91.  104,  177, 
183,  195,  1U(),  24;],  24(1,  247,  324,  320, 
887,  31)3,  002,  050,  059,000;  the  lettei-s 
of  the  English  ambassadors,  which  are 
nearly  all  missing',  save  for  the  years 
1012, 1013,  mention  many  considtations 
of  the  Spanish  Council  of  State  in  re 
removing  the  colony  in  Virginia,  the 
reports  of  which  meetings  are  mostly 
wanting.  See  pp.  539,  550,  593,  032, 
034,  035,  050,  057- 
Spanish  naval  affairs,  etc  Fleets :  for 
destroying  Virginia,  120,  127,  392,419, 
427,  5S8,  589,  002,  000,  007,  009,  022, 
623 ;  fishing  at  Newfoundland,  8,  9 ; 
Mexico,  Plate,  Silver,  West  Indian,  etc., 
1-5-27,  110,  512,  522,  539,  588,  083, 
10.57;  ships,  14,  20,  21,  131,  133,  153, 
188,  734,  730,  885.  See  Broehero,  Fa- 
jardo,  Ramirez,  etc. 

Armada,  19,  20,  075,  1029, 1049;  car- 
rick,  137 ;  carvel,  507-523,  G40 ;  con- 
tractation  house,  133-139,  926 ;  gal- 
eones,  or  gallions,  274,  472,  510,  512 ; 
the  galleys,  0()8  ;  King  Philip's  treas- 
ure, 6,  7;  "Madre  de  Dios,"  22,  950; 
naval  war,  15-27  ;  "  Peter  of  Seville," 
132  ;  "  Plantation "  (phantom  ship), 
510-510,  524,  525;  "Santo  Antonio," 
900  ;  seafight,  830,  831 ;  fight  at  Vera 
Cruz,  6,  7. 
Spanish  plans,  etc.,  for  removing  the  col- 
ony in  Virginia,  117-122,  126,  127,  141, 
144,  147,  198.  247,  259,  392,  419,  427, 
452,  472,  476,  509-528,  537,  539,  554, 
556,  561,  569,  573,  575,  588,  590,  594, 
602,  603,  606,  607,  609,  610,  621,  622, 
632,  634-636,  656-658,  683,  736. 

Advertisement,  507,  509;  "Algiers 
in  America,' '  046  ;  audience  with  James 
I.,  116,  118,  120,  122,  123  ;  "drive  the 
villains  out,"  117,  118,  124,  126,  144, 
419,  573,  575  ;  "  hang  them,"  124,  120 ; 
"  Hydra,"  646  ;  "  intercept  them  on  the 
way,"  147,  198,  311 ;  "  make  an  end  of 
this,"  247,  427  ;  "  quickly  annihilate," 
259;  "remedy,  hasten  the,"  101,  121, 
141,  144,470;  "  rendezvous  of  pirates," 
646  ;  robberies,  61,  62,  172 ;  rope,  in 
the  coil  of,  738  ;  shoe,  in  sole  of,  651, 
738  ;  thieves,  740  ;  the  villany  of  the 
English  in  going  to  Virginia,  98,  etc. 
See  Pirates,  Prisoners,  Spain,  Spaniards, 
Spanish,  Naval  Affairs,  Spies,  etc. 
Spanish  possessions  in  America,  xiii,  xiv, 
2,  3,  14,  15,  22, 119,  669-675, 1025  ;  the 
limits  of  the  crown  of  Castile,  100, 
66S.  I  Under  the  donation  of  Alexander 
VI.  and  the  Treaty  of  Tordesillas,  the 
Spanish  possession  began  west  of  Spain 
in  the  north  latitude  of  about  44°,  and 


included  all  of  America  to  the  south- 
ward, save  the  eastern  portion  of  Bra- 
zil, which  belonged  to  Portugal  (at  this 
lime  attached  to  the  crown  of  Spain)  ; 
but  the  English  asserted  that  the  Span- 
iards held  no  actual  possession  north 
of  3:^°  north  latitude  ;  none  between  9"^ 
north  and  7"^  south  latitude  (Guiana), 
and  none  south  of  the  Portuguese,  who 
had  settled  from  7°  to  24^  south  lat.i- 
tude-l  See  Brazil,  Chili,  Donation  of 
Alexander  VI.,  Florida.  Magellan.  Mex- 
ico, New  Spain.  Peru,  Plate,  Portugal, 
Romanism,  f-^outh  America  (the  north 
parts  of,  or  Tierra  Firma),  West  Indies, 
etc.  See,  also,  Cabot,  Columbus,  Me- 
nendez,  Soto,  etc. 

Spanish,  state  affairs,  etc. :  Council  of 
State,  91,  9.5,  1;)!,  12.5-127,  143,  144, 
183,  426,  427,  510-522,  539,  556.  .593, 
621,  022,  032,  634,  ()35.  056, 657  ;  Coun- 
cil or  Board  of  War  (for  the  Indies  ?), 
100,  101,  144,  427.  509,  522,  588,  056, 
663  ;  Secretary  of  State,  593,  668,  669. 
See  Ambassadors,  Pensioners,  Prisoners 
in  Virginia,  Spies,  etc  See  Aguiar, 
Arostegui,  Broehero,  Ciriza,  Conry, 
Cordoba,  Cresuela,  Fajardo,  Gondomar, 
Idiaques,  Infantado,  Laguna,  Lemos, 
Lerma,  Molina,  Moreno,  Pedrastra, 
Perez,  Philip  III.,  Ramirez,  Ribas,  Sa- 
linas, Torres,  Vargas,  Velada,  Velasco, 
Villa-Franca,  Zufiiga,  etc. 

Sparchf  ord,  Richard,  merchant  -  tailor, 
304. 

Spark.     See  Vera  Cruz. 

Sparks,  Capt. ,  312  ;  Peter,  merchant- 
tailor,  304  ;  Robert,  041 ;  Thomas,  mer- 
chant-tailor, 305. 

Sparks  MS  .  101. 

Sparrow,  Steven,  merchant-tailor,  228, 
3i)(),  408,  982,  auto.,  1030. 

Speckhart,  Abraham,  548,  771,  1020. 

Speculative  reasoners,  63,  993. 

Spedding's  Life  and  Letters  of  Lord  Ba- 
con, 119,  689,  894. 

Speke,  George,  Esq.,  afterwards  knighted 
(ancestor  of  Capt.  J.  H.  Speke,  tlie  dis- 
coverer of  the  source  of  the  Nile),  854, 
901  ;  Dorothy,  9U1 ;  daughter  of  George, . 
8.54. 

Spelman,  Henry,  author,  483,  488,  1020, 
1021,  1032,  1047  ;  Sir  Henry,  author, 
924,  1021),  auto.,  1021;  John,  1032. 

Spence,  Thomas,  fishmonger,  2S2. 

Spencer,  Edward,  803.  8i)4,  1021  ;  Eliza- 
beth, 860  ;  Henry,  Earl  of  Sunderland, 
1U03,  1017  ;  Henry,  secod  Earl  of  Sun- 
derland, 1017;  Humpbrev.  390;  Sir  John 
of  Althorp,  1021;  Sir  John,  11,  8()0, 
1021  ;  Sir  Richard,  diplomat,  112,  113, 
40(!,  54:!,  1021  ;  Richard,  merchant- 
tixilor,  305  ;  Robert,  Lord,  180, 542. 1021, 
Port,  921 ;  Uri.an,  220,  1021 ;  William, 
1021.     See  Spenser. 


1136 


IXDEX. 


Spenser,  Edmund,  poet,  SSI,  977,  998, 
10U2. 

Spert,  or  Pert,  Sir  Thomas,  2,  1022. 

Spies,  employed  by  Spain,  44,  117,  476, 
495,  497,  538,  554,  5(jU,  745 ;  by  Eng- 
land, 607.  See,  also,  Prisoners,  Spain, 
and  Spanish,  etc. 

Spiller,  Sir  Henry,  1027. 

Spinola,  Baptist  (Genoese),  1022  ;  Bene- 
dict, 6,  1022. 

Spitzbergen,  610,  S22,  87S,  .968,  1001, 
1013. 

SpolFord,  Hon.  A.  R.,  xvi. 

Spranger,  Henry,  226,  1022. 

Springham,  Matthew,  merchant  -  tailor, 
219',  306,  1022. 

Sprint,  Gregory,  Esq.,  546,  1022. 

Sprott,  George,  811  ;  Roger,  merchant- 
tailor,  305  ;  William,  305. 

Spruson,  Pruson,  etc.,  Hildebrand,  216, 
468,  771,  1022. 

Spry,  Capt.  Henry,  212. 

Sqnanto  (an  Indian),  10 J4. 

Squibb,  Capt. ,  942. 

Stab,  Edmund,  fishmonger,  281. 

Stacy,  Thomas,  804,  1022. 

Stafford,  Lady  Dorothy,  997 ;  Edward, 
14;  Sir  Edward,  864,  1041;  Edward, 
Duke  of  Buckingham,  997  ;  Elizabeth, 
997  ;  Henry,  Lord,  997  ;  Henry,  Duke 
of  Buckingham,  1054;  Richard,  221; 
Sir  William,  997  ;  (Wentworth),  979. 

Stallenge,  Staledge,  William,  gent ,  au- 
thor, 216,  320,  1022. 

Stalls,  Book,     See  Stationers'  Company. 

Standish,  Mr. ,  stationer,  292. 

Staneries,  the.  239. 

Stanhope,  Cordelia,  SIS ;  Charles,  1023; 
Edward,  914  ;  Henry,  Lord,  1040;  Jane, 
914 ;  John,  Lord,  209,  231,  677,  679, 
686,  818,  877,  1022,  1023,  1045,  1046, 
1070 ;  Sir  Michael,  1022. 

Stanley,  Anne,  835  ;  Edward,  Lord  Mont- 
eagle,  961  ;  Elizabeth,  9(U  ;  Ferdinando, 
835 ;  William,  sixth  Earl  of  Derby, 
1038  ;  Sir  William,  940  ;  William,  mer- 
chant-tailor, 3;M.     See  Vere-Stauley. 

Stannard,  Thomas,  1023 ;  William,  inn- 
holder,  225,  1023. 

^tansby,  W.,  stationer,  576,  621,  767,  891, 
974. 

Stanton,  Capt.  Richard,  16. 

Stanwell,  120. 

Stapers,  Staper,  Staples,  Alice,  925  ;  Hew- 
et,  merchant,  388,  4()8,  547,  574, 
1023  ;  Richard,  11,  179,  215, 1023. 

Stapleton,  Thomas,  merchant-tailor,  304. 

Starkey,  Lieut.  Alexander,  16;  Mary. 
1034. 

Starrington,  Sir  John  (?),  549. 

State,  or  government,  of  England  :  com- 
monwealth, xiv,  268,  464,  775  ;  courts 
of.  111,  138;  crown  of,  32,  689,  672; 
Great  Seal  of  England,  vii,  731,  733  ; 
kingdom   of   England,    255,  507,  798, 


1027  ;  political  government,  301 ;  poli- 
ticians, 289,  314 ;  remarks  on,  255  ; 
royal  arms,  309  ;  royal  assent,  41,  42  ; 
royal  colonies,  v-viii,  xiv,  xv,  32,  42, 
117;  the  state,  775.  See  Charters,  His 
Majesties  Council  for  Virginia,  His 
Majesties  Council  for  the  Virginia  Com- 
pany of  London,  the  Privy  Council, 
Oaths,  Objects,  Parliament,  State  Pa- 
pers, Treaties,  Wars,  and  Westmin-  J 
ster.  9 

State   Papers  and  Documents  issued   by 
the   government,    400,   413,    501,    669, 
760,    783,   789  ;    Articles  and  Instruc- 
tions, 64-75  ;  Ordinance  and  Constitu- 
tion, 91-95  ;  Salisbiiry  to  Customs  Offi- 
cers, 307 ;   Privv  Council  to  the  Her-       J 
aids,  308,  3;J9 ;  Orders  of,  676.  677,  679,      I 
680 ;    to    city    companies    of    London, 
685,  686 ;  to  cities  and  towns  of  Eng- 
land,   760,   761 ;  to  France,  733,    734 ; 
minute,  760 ;  James  I.  to  States-Gen-       ■ 
eral,  735.     See,  also,  all  Charters,  Let-       " 
ters,  or  Communications  between  Gov- 
ernment   and    Officials,   Ambassadors, 
etc.,  the  Parliament  Journals,  etc. 

States  General  of  the  United  States  of 
Holland  and  the  Netherlands,  446- 
451,  735,  737,  745,  1056,  1061 ;  Presi- 
dent of,  449.  See  United  States  of 
Holland,  etc. 

Stationers'  Company  of  London,  24.  227, 
250,  292,  293,  309,  33. ,  495,  597,'  756, 
757,  812,  813,  818,  824,  828,  829,  832, 
837.  858,  859,  891,913,  958,  1029, 1044, 
1061. 

Stationers'  Hall,  29,  242,  282,  293,  321, 
337,  360,  373,  427,  471,  477,  495,  528, 
538,  558,  571,  576,  611,  684,  746,  781, 
1009,  1042. 

Stationers'  Records,  292,  293,  309,  310, 
757  ;   Register,  295,  571. 

Stationers'  stalls,  or  shops  :  "  at  Christ- 
Church  dore,"  420,  495 ;  "  at  Christ- 
Church  gate,"  1061;  "at  S.  Magnus 
Corner,' '  676  ;  "  at  the  three  cranes  in 
the  Vin-tree,"  748  ;  "shop  over  against 
Saint  Sepulchres  Church  without  New- 
gate," 767  ;  '■  shop  at  the  south  entry 
of  the  Royal  Exchange,"  767;  "  at  his 
House  called  the  Lodge  in  Chancery 
Lane,  over  against  Lineolnes  Inne," 
781  ;  "  shop  in  Saint  Dunston's  church- 
yard in  Fleet  Street,"  791;  ''at  the 
golden  Dragon  in  Fleet  Street,  1057  ;  " 
"at  the  great  South  doore  of  Pauls," 
595,  1042 ;  in  '"  Pauls  churchyard  at 
the  signe  of  the  Bishops  head,"  279, 
280 ;  in  "  Pauls  churchyard  at  the 
signe  of  the  blacke  Beare,''  428 ;  in 
"  Pauls  churchyard  at  the  signe  of 
the  Bul-head,"  241  ;  in  "Pauls  church- 
yard at  the  signe  of  the  crane,"  338  ; 
in  ' '  Pauls  churchyard  at  the  signe  of 
the  Foxe,"'  312  ;  in  '"  Pauls  churchyard 


INDEX. 


1137 


at  the  sif^ne  of  the  Greyhound,"  294  ; 
in  ''  Pauls  churchyard  at  the  sigue  of 
the  Rose,"  81)1  ;  in  "  Pauls  churchyard 
at  the  signe  of  the  Swanne,"  BoH,  •il-i, 
478,  r)5!»,  tiill),  {)12,  741),  7(iO;  in  "  Pauls 
churchyard  at  the  signe  of  the  Wiud- 
iiiill,"  28;i.  See  Visscher's  Loudon. 
See  Books,  Newspapers,  the  Press,  etc. 
Staughton,     Elizabeth,     1U33;      Francis, 

iu;3;]. 

Steam-engine,  1025,  10-56. 

Steele,  Michael,  merchant-tailor,  305. 

"Stella,"  '.»7i),  1002,  104(). 

StepheiLs  (see  Stevens),  Richard,  91-3, 
9t)3 ;  Samuel,  !)()3. 

Stepney,  Stepneth,  J.,  stationer,  336,  33S. 

Sterling,  Earl  of.  —  William  Alexander. 

Stevens  (see  Stephens),  Elizabeth,  8S7 ; 
Thomas,    18,   2:0 ;   Thomas,  Esq.,  467, 

546,   1033;   William,  887;    Mr.   , 

483. 

Stewart  (see  Stuart),  Andrew,  818 ;  Au- 
gustine, E.sq.,  467,  547,  814,  082, 1023  ; 
James,  Earl  of  Moray,  926 ;  Margaret, 
926  ;  Mary,  818  ;   Meg,  888. 

Stewkley,  Stukeley,  Stuckley,  etc  ,  Hugh, 
1023  ;  Sir  Lewis,  author,  'M>^  ;  Sir  Lew- 
is, 1023;  Capt.  Thomas,  4,  1023,  1024; 
Sir  Thomas,  544,  1023  ;  Mr.  ,  14. 

Stile,  Style,  Styles,  etc,  Humphrey,  gro- 
cer, 224,  1024 ;  Sir  Humphrey,"  1024  ; 
Nicholas,  387,  557.  5;:)1,  ijS6,  1024; 
Thomas,  4()i),  1024 ;   Mr. ,  982. 

Still,  Elizabeth,  884 ;  Bishop  John,  884. 

Stint,  Joane,  887. 

Stith's  History  of  Virginia,  x,  52,  79, 
132,  208,  540,  541,  .548,  640,  812,  824, 
875,  928,  932,  934,  940,  944,  951,  980, 
982,  983,  1048,  1064. 

Stock,  joint,  public,  or  common,  xiv,  32, 
37,  38,  40,  71,  273,  317,  800. 

Stocken,    Stoickden    (Stockton  ?),    John, 

225,  548. 

Stoddard,  Sir  Nicholas,  545,  1024. 
Stokelev,  Stocklev,  John,  merchaut-tailor, 

226,  300,  4()S,  l"!;24. 

Stokes,  John,  fishmonger,  21.5,  280,  1024 ; 
Thomas,  8(J4,  1024. 

Stonard  (see  Stannard),  Francis,  1063; 
Susan,  106.3. 

Stone,  George,  804,  1024  ;  Nicholas,  841, 
1058  ;  Simon,  390  ;  William,  2J  ;  Wil- 
liam, 574,  1024  ;    William,  133. 

Stoneman,  James,  1.37  ;  John,  author,  27, 
127,  128,  133,  137. 

Stoughton,  Mr.  and  Mrs.,  440,  441. 

Stourton,  Ursula,  855 ;  William,  Lord, 
855. 

Stowe,  John,  author,  251,  461,  474,  568, 
748,  756,  825,  8.58,  800,  928,  936,  1023. 

Strachey,  William,  author,  47,  140,  141, 
185,  192,  194,  197,  225,244,  400,  407, 
413,  416,  417,  457,  401,  .529,  .530,  562, 
.56.5-568,  820,  967,  9S7,  auto.,  1024; 
William,  1024. 


Stradling,  Sir  Edward,  90^;  Jane,  968; 
Francis,  1024;  Mr  John,  autiior,  543, 
802,  1024  ;  Lamarock,  Esq.,  546. 

Strafford.  Earl  of  — Thomas  Wentworth. 

Strange,  John,  830;  Lady,  835. 

Strangford  (Smythe),  Lord,  1004 ;  eighth 
Viscount,  1018  ;  Philip,  Viscount,  1004; 
Thomas.  Vi.scount,  1004,  1005. 

Stratford  (see  Stafford),  Richard,  468, 
1024. 

Strawberries,  157,  162,  164,  176,  425. 

Streete,  Elizabeth,  9-59;  Humphrey,  mer- 
chant-tailor, 307,  959;  John,  223; 
William,  26. 

Strickland's  Queens  of  England,  1062, 
1065. 

Strode,  Mary,  8-54  ;  William,  one  of  "  the 
five  membei-s,"  1024;  Sir  William, 
545,  854.  1024, 

Sti'ong,  Richard,  23. 

Strongai-m,  Armstrong,  Richard,  216, 
1024. 

Strutt,  Robert,  .548. 

Stryckeland,  Henry,  950. 

Strype's  Stow's  London,  824,  867. 

Stuart,  Queen  Anne,  117,  120,  179,443, 
444,  537,  784,  785,  787,  788,  860,  876, 
888,  892,  iUl,  1000,  1003,  1013,  1024, 
1025,  1026,  1067,  Port.,  931;  Arabel-' 
la,  834 ;  Prince  Charles  (Charles  I., 
1625-1649),  565,  657,  660,  748,  781, 
812,  821,  848,  852,  853,  864,  865,  867, 
874,  877,  879,  899,  908,  915,  917,  920, 
932,  934,  940,  941,  950,  966,  967,  972, 
979,  986,  988,  989,  994,  995,  1004, 
1011,  1025,  1032,  1036,  1039,  1042, 
1048, 1056,  1059, 1063-1065,  Port., 941 ; 
Charles  II.  (1649  or  166iJ-1685),  865, 
920,  981  ;  Princess  Elizabeth,  .556,  004, 
606,  912,  966,  967,  1025,  1067,  Port., 
951;  Piince  Henry,  104,  108,  109,246, 
323,  367,  399,  446-448,  457,  5.54,  .556, 
562,  565,  574,  583,  593-595,  636,  660, 
781,  834,  836,  837,  848,  8.52,  860,  86-3, 
868-870,  873,  878,  880,  907,  912,  925, 
935,  936,  953,  955,  961,  966,  972,  978, 
979,  985,  1000,  1013,  1023,  1025,  1026, 
1029,  1061,  Port.,  961 ;  King  James,  of 
Scotland  (1567-1625),  and  of  England 
(1603-1625),  26-28,  31-33,  41-43,  46- 
85,  88-95,  98,  100,  102,  103,  109,  116- 
123,  131,  145,  147,  164,  180,  193,  207, 
208,  244,  245,  247,  2.55,  256,  261,  267, 
272-274,  286,  310,  314,  316,  340,  350, 
356,  357,  367,  372,  395,  398,  443,  444, 
446-451,  457,  465,  477,  497,  507,  520, 
523-525,  527,  531,  5:34,  540,  542,  555. 
556,  569-571,  577,  588,  589,  593,  594, 
596,  603,  606,  609,  611,  622-625,  632, 
63(W338.  645,  656-662,  664,  665,  667- 
669,  674,677,679,680,  683,  686,  689, 
693,  697,  718,  723,  731-733,  735,  737- 
739,  748,  749,  755,  756,  772,  783,  789, 
790,  811,  812,  818,  821,  826,  842-844, 
846-850,  858,  867,  868,  870-873,  909, 


1138 


INDEX. 


920,  930,  932,  938,  943-946,  951-955, 
959,  901,  969-972,  977,  980,  985-988, 
992-994,  999,  1000,  1003,  1013,  1015- 
1017,  1021,  1022,  1024,  1026,  1027, 
1029,  1037,  1043,  1048,  1050,  1051, 
1057,  1062-1069,  Port,  frontispiece  to 
vol.  i. ;  Sir  James,  1049 ;  Ludovie, 
Duke  of  Lenox,  90,  686,  930,  1027, 
1028;  Mary,  Queen  of  Scots  (1542- 
1567),  855,  882,  915,  916,  927,928,  960, 
970,  1026,  1030,  1041,  1061 ;  the  Lady 
Mary,  120. 

Stubbs,  Mr. ,  940. 

Stuckley.     See  Stewkley. 

Studley,  Amv,  911;  Thomas,  167,  598, 
600,  601,  911,  1028;  Thomas,  911. 

Stukely.     See  Stewkley. 

Sturgeon,  107,  164,  239,  317,  330,  343, 
344,  386,  408,  425,  492,  586,  783 ;  ca- 
•vearie,  344,  386, 425,  783 ;  curers,  492 ; 
dressers,  344,  353,  355 ;  house,  492 ; 
preservers  of  the  cavearie,  353  ;  rowes, 
386  ;  soundes,  386.  See  Fish  and  Fish- 
mongers. 

Sturton  (Stoughton  ?),  Robert,  909. 

StutevUle,  Sir  Martin,  804,  821,  1028. 

Style.     See  Stile. 

Sublime  Porte  (Turk),  985. 

Subscribers,  466,  478,  625,  626,  628-630, 
778,  779,  810 ;  list  of,  465-469 ;  sub- 
scriptions, 245,  246,  4(j2-464,  478,  542, 
549,  626,  627,  778,  779,  See  Adven- 
turers. 

Suckling,  Sir  John,  the  elder,  1063 ;  Sir 
John,  the  poet,  1063. 

Suffolk,  "  the  Ladie,"  111,  899,  928, 1028, 
1067. 

Suffolk,  Earl  of.  —  Thomas  Howard. 

Suite,  Master  Henry,  27. 

Sully,  French  diplomat,  etc.,  883,  1003. 

Sun,  gold-creating  power  of  the,  507. 

Sunderland,  Earl  of,  Henry,  1013,  1017 ; 
Robert,  1017. 

Sundial,  910. 

Sun-worship,  166,  169,  605.     See  Native. 

Supplies.     See  Provisions. 

Surry,  Earl  of,  —  Tliomas  Howard. 

Surveyors,  457-461,  777,  778,  780.  See 
Argall,  Claiborne,  Hudson,  Maddi- 
son,  Norwood,  Powell,  Pring,  Tyndall, 

Surve'ys,  230,457-461,596,  676,  777,  780. 
See  Maps. 

Sussex,  Countess  of,  982  ;  Earl  of,  982. 

Sutcliffe,  Rev.  Dr.  Matthew,  author,  212, 
240,  1028,  1029. 

Sutton,  Sir  Richard,  1027 ;  Thomas,  212, 
968,  1029. 

Swann,  Libias,  fishmonger,  281. 

Sweden,  King  of  (see  Gustavus  Adol- 
phus),  948,  985  ;  Queen  of  (see  Chris- 
tina), 9R6. 

Swift,  Ensign  James,  220,  641,  043,  830, 
1029. 

Swine.     See  Hogs- 


Swinhow,  Swinhoe,   Mr.    ,  stationer, 

293;  George,  468,  547,  771,  1029; 
John,  stationer,  222,  1029. 

Sylvester,  Joshua,  poet,  1026. 

Symonds,  Rev.  William,  author,  282-284, 
286,  363,  597  (655),  1029,  1030. 

Symoudson,  William,  955. 

"T.,C.,"  772. 

Tahanida  (an  Indian),  145. 

Tailboies,  Lady  Margaret,  992. 

Talbot,  Alathea,  927, 1030  ;  George,  Earl 
of  Shrewsbury,  12,  15,  847,  924,  1030; 
Gilbert,  Eai-1  of  Shrewsbury,  123.  321, 
542,  846,  904,  922,  927,  auto.,  1030, 
Port.,  971 ;  Henry,  15  ;  Hon.  Henry, 
924  ;  Mary,  924  ;  Mary,  9^2,  1030  ;  see 
Lady  Elizabeth  Gray,  1030;  see  Cav- 
endish. 

Tallakarne,  John,  814  ;  Margaret,  814. 

Tanfield,  Elizabeth,  844  ;  Sir  Lawrence, 
390,  844,  1030. 

Tanner,  John,  grocer,  225,  1030 ;  , 

926. 

Tapp,  Elizabeth,  956 ;  Mr.  Warden  Wil- 
liam, fishmonger,  281,  956. 

Tappahannock,  187. 

Tappe,  John,  stationer,  181,  676. 

Tar,  37,  202,  205,  239,  265,  268,  363,386, 
398,  564,  640,  800. 

Tasburgh,  Mr.  ,  1046. 

Task,  my,  xv. 

Tasquantura  (an  Indian),  50. 

Tate,  Bartholomew,  1030 ;  Francis,  au- 
thor, 467,  546,  1030  ;  Jane,  971 ;  Lewis, 
220,  469,  1030;  Lewis,  548. 

Taux-Powhatan,  484,  505. 

Taverner,  John,  gent.,  216,  1030. 

Taxis,  Juan  de,  Spanish  ambassador, 
1G67. 

Taylor,  Elizabeth,  893 ;  John,  alderman, 
893;  John,  poet,  959,  1026,  1040; 
Robert,  987 ;  William,  haberdasher, 
222,  1030  ;   the  elder ,  610. 

Tempest,  The,  described  or  mentioned  by 
Archer,  321) ;  by  Ratcliffe,  3.34  ;  by  the 
Virginia  Council,  333,  346,  348,  3'^4 ; 
by  Somers,  400  ;  by  Strachey,  416  ;  by 
Jourdan,  419  ;  by  Rich,  422 ;  by  Win- 
wood,  448 ;  by  Spelman,  484 ;  by 
Shakespeare,  508  ;  by  Chapman,  595  ; 
by  Crashaw,  616,  617,  620;  by  Howes. 
752,  753. 

Bacon  compared  with,  821  ;  see  Ber- 
mudas; Haracano,  Horrecane,  Huiri- 
cane,  329,  400,  589 ;  St.  James  Day, 
329,  346,  400;  Wreck,  400,  416,  448, 
520.  See  Edward  Waters,  and  John 
Wright,  stationer. 

Tenant,  Richard,  merchant-tailor,  303. 

Tennessee,  1020. 

Teresa  (a  Persian),  1<^'00. 

Ternaux  Compans  Catalogue,  774. 

Tetsworth,  Robert,  fishmonger,  282. 

Texts,  v,  287,  296,  297,  313,  338,  350, 


INDEX. 


1139 


361,  373-375,  579,  621,  908.  See  Ser- 
mons. 

Thaier  (Thayer),  Mr.  ,  982. 

Thames  River,  82,  2.'31,  583.  See  Lon- 
don, and  Visscher's  drawing  of  London. 

Thane,  Viscount.  —  Francis,  Lord  Norris. 

Thanet,  Earl  of.  —  Nicholas  Tuf ton. 

Theobalds,  118,  123,  357,  509. 

Thcsam.     See  Tresham. 

Thet.  Coadjutor  Gilbert  du,  French  Jes- 
uit, G'J8,  OOti,  7U1,  712,  714. 

Thevett,  Andrew,  French  author,  10. 

Thirkeld,  Lancelot,  9()8  ;  Sarah,  'J(J8. 

Thomond,  Earl  of,  843. 

Thomson,  or  Townson,  Leonard,  281, 
1032. 

Thomson,  Georg-e,  1034 ;  John,  1034 ; 
Mary,  1034 ;  Morris,  1034  ;  Paul,  1034  ; 
Robert,  1034 ;  Robert,  Jr.,  1034  ;  Wil- 
liam, 1034. 

Thornbury's  London,  945. 

Thorne,  Nicholas.  2. 1030  ;  Octavian,  221 ; 
Robert,  author,  733,  814,  1030,  1031. 

Thornehill,  Samuel,  1011 ;  Sir  Timothy, 
909. 

Thornton,  Robert,  222,  1031. 

Thorold,  Edward,  merchant-tailor,  305. 

Thorogood,  Tliorowgood,  Capt.  Adam, 
948,  1005;  Elizabeth,  988;  Sir  John, 
948 ;  Thomas,  988. 

Thorpe,  George,  Esq.,  546,  770,  790,  828, 
1005,  1031,  1060 ;  Nicholas,  1031  ; 
Thomas,  1031 ;  Thomas,  stationer, 
1061  ;  William,  1031. 

Thou,  de,  French  historian,  970. 

Throgmorton,  Throckmorton,  Anne, 
1031 ;  Dorothea,  873 ;  Clement,  Esq., 
991;  Elizabeth,  Lady  Ralegh,  444, 
853,  873,  937,  977;  Elizabeth,  Lady 
Dale,  452,  861,  870-873,  998,  1031 ;  Sir 
John,  888 ;  Kenelme,  167 ;  Margaret, 
1031  ;  Mary,  826,  998,  1031 ;  Muriel, 
828;  Muriel,  1032;  Sir  Robert,  1032; 
Sir  Thomas,  826,  873,  998 ;  Sir  Thomas, 
1031;  Thomas,  828;  William,  1031; 
Sir  William,  544,  680,  828,  873,  874, 
1005,  1031. 

Throughton,  or  Troughton,  Andrew,  469, 
548,  1033.. 

Thynne,  Sir  Henry,  976 ;  John  Alexan- 
der, 4th  Marquess  of  Bath,  xvii,  318, 
384  ;  Sir  John,  919;  Sir  John,  97(5. 

Ticknor,  Mr. ,  982. 

Tillesworth,  Joan,  919  ;  William,  919. 

TiUy,  Field-Marshall,  Count  Von,  1038. 

Timber,  161,  239,  268,  274,  314,  ::!17,  340, 
349,  363,  398,  443,  455,  642,  644.  648, 
650,  661,  767,  800.     See  Commodities. 

Timberlake,  Timberly,  Henry,  author, 
.548,  771,  1032. 

Timber-neck  Bay,  188.  , 

Tindall.     See  Tyndall. 

Tirrell.     See  Tyrrell. 

Tirwhit,  Tvrwhit,  Sir  Robert,  999,  1055  ; 
Ursula,  999. 


Title-page  (facsimile),  241,  283,  294,312, 
420,  5r)0. 

Title-pages,  241,  279,  280,  283,  294,  312, 
322,  338,  359,  373,  419,  420,  427,  428, 
478,  .528,  5.59,  576,  .59'.m;01,  611,  612, 
620,  621,  746,  748,  756,  766,  767,  781, 
791. 

Tobacco,  5,  128,  152,  158,  100,  163,  166, 
169,  455, 473,  630,  678,  690,  772,  783, 
789,  800  ;  "  midding  tobacco,"  772  ; 
tobacco  memoranda,  772 ;  tobacco- 
pipe  (a  ship),  813 ;  tobacco-iiipe,  In- 
dian, 158,  of  peace,  161. 

Commissioners  concerning  Virginia 
tobacco:  A.  Abdy,  E.  Diehfield,  D. 
Digges,  R.  Morer,  and  W.  Russell. 
See,  also,  F.  Bacon,  J.  Eldred,  R.  Hall, 
K.  Pashall,  S.  Purchtus.  T.  Roe,  J. 
Rolfe,  John  Smith  of  Nibley,  G.  Vil- 
liers,  and  Sir  John  Wolstenholrae. 

Todkill,  Ananias.  508,  600,  601,  1032. 

Tomaconio  (an  Indian),  906. 

Tombstone,  150,  151. 

Tomlinson,  John,  mayor  of  Bristol,  985. 

Tools  to  work  with,  642-644,  742  ;  agar, 
385  ;  presses,  385.     See  Emigrants. 

Topahauocke  (see  Tapahanock).  187, 188. 

Topsham,  England,  23,  179. 

Torres,  Maldonado  de  (Spaniard),  522. 

Torrington,  Viscount,  1069. 

Tothill,  Richard,  911  ;  Susan,  911. 

Totness,  Earl  of  —  George  Lord  Carew. 

Tourneur,  Cyril,  dramatist,  1026. 

Toward,  Thomas,  fishmonger,  281. 

Tower,  The  London,  358,  774 ;  picture 
of,  see  Visscher's  London. 

Towerson,  William,  11,  12,  818,  1032. 

Towler,  Charles,  219,  1032. 

Towns  in  Virginia,  491,  760,  761,  778, 
795. 

Townsend,  Anne,  1032;  Sir  John,  211, 
4(i6,  1032 ;  Sir  Roger,  1038 ;  Warren, 
Esq.,  546,  982. 

Townson.     See  Thomson,  10.32. 

Tracts,  Treatise,  or  Pamphlets,  24,  181- • 
183,  241-243,  259-277,  279,  2S0,  321- 
324,  337-353,  41t»-428,  477-483,  558, 
5.59,  597-601,  620,  621,  746,  747,  766- 
768,  774-779,  781,  782. 

Tracy,  Anne,  or  Dorothy,  861,  1031 ;  Sir 
John,  861,  1031  ;  Sir  John,  1031,  1038; 
Mary,  1032,  1038;  Sir  Thomas,  544, 
980,  1032;  William,  804,  971,  1005, 
1031,  1032,  1060;  WiUiam's  daughter, 
971,  1032. 

Trade,  or  commerce,  of  England,  xiv,  1- 
28,  38,  39,  71.  146,  251,  267,  269,  270, 
274,  301,  401,  440,  449,  465,  520,  567, 
667-669,  673-676,  745,  756,  766-768, 
798,  972,  1013. 

Board  of  merchants,  652  ;  bond,  496  ; 
cape-merchant,  71,  911  ;  city  compa- 
nies of  London,  xvii,  2''>0,  684-686,  688  ; 
embargo,  15,  1052 ;  exportation,  234, 
235  ;  exports,  39 ;  haven,  or  port,  towns, 


1140 


INDEX. 


38,  462 ;  imports,  39,  234,  235 ;  impo- 
sitions, 234  ;  libra,  259  ;  merchandises, 
79 ;  merchants  board,  652,  659,  661  ; 
private  enterprises,  or  purees,  xiv,  10, 
32-35,  37,  38,  42,  496 ;  public  purse, 
or  stock,  xiv,  37,  38,  40,  71,  273,  317, 
800  (see  Virginia  companies)  ;  reasons 
for  raising  a  fund,  36-42,  50  ;  remarks 
on  the  trades,  250,  251 ;  subsidies,  234  ; 
taxes,  234.  See  Captains,  Cloth,  Com- 
modities, Companies,  Customs,  Duties, 
England,  Fish,  Fleet,  Free  Trade,  Lon- 
don, Merchants,  Monopolists,  Naval 
Affairs,  Objects,  Profit,  Protection, 
Ships,  Voyages,  etc. 

Tradescant,  John  (1),  author,  etc.,  804, 
939,  1039,  1032  ;  John  (2),  1032  ;  John 
(3),  1032. 

Tragabigzanda,  785,  853. 

Travers  family  of  Virginia,  987. 

Treasurer,  The,  of  the  Virginia  Company, 
viii,  ix,  208,  232,  234,  237^248,  763- 
765,  778,  993,  1026, 1062.  See  Sir  Ed- 
win Sandys,  Sir  Thomas  Smith,  and 
Wriothesley.  Recommended  for  by 
James  I.  (p.  1027),  Abbott,  Cletheroe, 
Handsford,  Robert  Johnson,  Roe,  Sir 
William  Russell,  Sir  Thomas  Smith, 
and  Sir  John  Wolstenholme. 

Treaty  with  the  Netherlands,  9,  15-17 ; 
with  Spain,  27,  28,  119,  120  126,  245, 
926,  938,  967,  1037.     See  Peace. 

Trees,  156,  157,  161,  164,  166,  265,  650, 

Trelawney,  Edwin,  916  ;  Joan,  916 ;  Sir 
John.  916  ;  WilUam,  916. 

Tremellius,  Iramanuel  (Italian),  984. 

Tremonille,  Marquis,  French  ambassador, 
1014. 

Trenchard.  Mr.  ,  1052. 

Treshara,  Thesam,  Elizabeth,  961  ;  Fran- 
cis, 961,  1032;  Sir  Lewis,  544,  1032, 
1033  ;  Sir  Thomas,  961,  1032,  1033. 

Trevaunon,  Hugh,  1033 ;  Margaret,  1033. 

Trevor,  Sir  John,  66,  89,  92,  211,  232, 
941,  957,  1033;  Sir  John,  Jr..  1033; 
John,  Esq.,  1033 ;  Sir  Richard,  544, 
1033. 

Tribaldo.  Luis,  of  Toledo,  27. 

Trinity  House,  2,  359,  393,  496,  497,  5-39, 
540,  547,  836,  1033.  See  Argall,  Coit- 
more,  Spert,  Vassall. 

Tropics,  669-(372 ;  of  Cancer  (Northern), 
156,  329,  .345,  670,  672  ;  of  Capricorn, 
670,  671  ;  Torrid  Zone,  330. 

Troughton  (see  Through  ton),  1033. 

Truce,  the,  256. 

True  Relation  (Smith's),  181-183;  True 
and  Sincere  Declaration  of  the  Virginia 
Council,  337-353 ;  True  Declaration 
(Virginia  Council),  427,  428. 

Tru.ston,  Thomas,  221. 

Tryshara  (see  Tresham),  Mr.  ,  fish- 
monger, 281. 

Tuam,  in  Ireland,  399. 

Tucke,  Mr. ,  2. 


Tucker,  Capt.  Daniel,  133,  218,  408,  538, 
758,  773,  982.  auto.,  1033,  1034 ;  Eliza- 
beth, 1033  ;  Elizabeth,  10:34  ;  George, 
1033 ;  George,  1033 ;  George,  gent., 
547,  982,  1033,  auto.,  1034;  Henry, 
1033;  John,  26,  1034;  John,  830; 
John,  1033  ;  Mary,  1034;  Robert.  1033  ; 
Lieut.  Thomas,  16,  1034;  William, 
886,  1034;  William,  gent.,  469,  547, 
886,  909,  1034. 

Tuckfield,  Mr. ,  2. 

Tudor.  See  Henry  VII.  and  Henry  VIII. 
Tudor,  Edward,  VI.  (1547-1553),  re- 
former, 2,  3,  838,  839,  850,  1018,  1039, 
1054,  1063 ;  Elizabeth,  Queen  of  Eng- 
land, reformer  (1.558-1603),  3-26.  51, 
263,  2G9,  285,  286,  310,  314,  372,  62-3, 
637,  692,  749,  816,  819,  839,  840,  843, 
844,  849,  850,  859,  880-883,  887,  901, 
906,  907,  915,  917,  9i6,  935,  939,  944, 
949,  950,  961-963,  965,  967,  970,  972, 
976,  977,  991,  999,  1000,  1002,  10(3, 
1021,  1022,  1026,  1033,  1034.  1041, 
1045,  Port.,  1;  Jasper,  of  Hatfield, 
Duke  of  Bedford,  1054  ;  Mary,  Queen 
of  England,  "Bloody  Marv "  (1.553- 
1558),  3,  19,  819,  839,  901",  939,  963, 
966,  967,  991,  1001,  1002,  1041,  1054, 
1063. 
Tue.  Mrs.  Mary,  933. 

Tufton,  Sir  Nicholas,  796,  803,  851,  931, 
993,  1034 ;  Sir  William,  1034. 

Tuke,  Sir  Bryan,  996 ;  Mary,  996. 

Tuquoque,  Cook's,  759. 

Turkey  in  Asia,  885,  1023 ;  in  Europe, 
1064. 

Turkey,  or  Levant  Company,  859,  860, 
885,  1012,  1023,  1026. 

Turkish  man  of  war,  917  ;  Turcism,  374 ; 
Turks,  769,  785,  817,  905,  937,  1000- 
1002.     See  Constantinople  and  Levant. 

Turnbull,  Joane,  1031. 

Turner.  Mrs.  Anne,  940  ;  Dawson,  483 ; 
Dr.  Peter,  author,  212.  1035  ;  Richard, 
216,  1034,  1035 ;  Richard,  merchant, 
306,  1035;  Dr.  William,  1035;  Lieut. 
William,  689,  704,  705,  714,  716,  718, 
720,  721,  724,  734;  WiUiam,  1035; 
William,  gent.,  390. 

Turners'  Company  of  London,  227,  859 ; 
Turners  sent  to  Virginia,  248,  353,356, 
470. 

Turville,  Turberville,  Sir  Ambrose,  545, 
1035. 

Twenge,   Margaret,    1053 ;    Marmaduke,        ■ 
1053.  1 

Twide.  Richard,  6,  930,  1035. 

Twisden,  Roger,  Esq.,  1(135  ;  Sir  Roger, 
1035  ;  Sir  William,  466,  543,  1035. 

Tyas,  Margaret,  996  ;   Robert,  996. 

Tvler's  Histoi-y  of  American  Literature, 
416,*  612. 

Tvndall.  Tindall,  Capt.  Robert,  author, 
'survevor,  etc.,  106,  108,  109,  151.  1S8, 
330,  399,  409, 457,  4.58,  461,  548,  1035 ; 


INDEX. 


IMl 


Tiiulall  shonldes,  and  Tindales  pointe, 

XLVI. 
Tvrconnel,  Earl  of  (Irish),  1035. 
'■Tyrone,    Count   of"    (Irish),     122-124, 

832,  899,  940,  1035. 
Tvrrel,  Tiirel,  Ann,   839;   Francis,  217, 

"1035  ;  Sir  Robert,  839. 
Tyrwliit.     See  Tirwhit. 
Tzekely,  Moses,  1007. 

Ulloa.     See  Sanchez. 

Ulster,  Ireland,  325,  611,  827,  828,  860, 
937,  983. 

Ultamatamakin  (an  Indian),  906. 

Undertakers.     See  Adventurers. 

Unique  Prints,  354-356,  439,  445,  608, 
761-7(i(i,  774-779,  797,  798. 

United  States,  or  Provinces,  of  Holland 
and  the  Netherlands  (Friesland,  Gel- 
derland,  Groning-en,  Holland,  Overys- 
sel,  Utrecht,  and  Zeeland) :  Flandei-s 
meaning  The  Netherlands,  90,  137,649  ; 
Holland,  111,  184,  268,  3-58,447,448, 
473,  649,  689,  1056;  Low  Countries, 
97,  114,  123,  180,  .529,  530,  .537,  1037 ; 
Netherlands,  9,  15,  16,  17,  46,  255, 313, 
336,  446-451,  830,  845,  859,  967,  1056, 
1062  ;  revolted  states,  89 ;  United 
States,  or  Provinces,  xiv,  46.  256,  269, 
316,  735,  831  ;  Amsterdam,'  830,  877, 
972 ;  Bergen-op-Zoom,  1063 ;  Briel, 
447  ;  Flushing,  772,  885,  980 ;  Hague, 
148,  440,  446-451,  526,  1056;  Home, 
877  ;  Leyden,  10.58. 

Dutch  (people),  184,  270,  607.  080, 
745,  746,  780,  903,  938,  1034,  1061 ;  in 
Virginia,  106,  113,  516,  .583 ;  settlement 
in  America,  815,  816,  903 ;  East  India 
Company,  327,  3.58,  873  ;  man  of  war, 
885 ;  pirates,  1039 ;  ships :  Flying 
Horse  of  Flushing,  772,  Man-of-War 
of  Flushing,  885,  980,  Half  e  Moon,  327, 
358. 

Hollanders,  37,  38,  98,  609,  666,  693, 
745,811,  1060;  rebels,  46,  88-91,  101, 
244,  255. 

Dutch  (government),  ambassadors 
(see  Caron,  and,  also,  Carleton  and 
Winwood),  104;  High  and  Mighty 
Lords,  High  Mightinesses,  the  States 
General,  148,  446-451,  680,  735,  737, 
745,  746,  1056,  1061.  See  Barneveldt, 
Maurice,  etc. 

Treaty  with  England,  9,  15,  16,  17 ; 
truce  with  Spain,  256  ;  war  with  Spain. 
1.5,  17.  (The  names  of  many  English- 
men who  fought  in  the  Low  Country 
wars  will  be  found  in  the  list  given  un- 
der Protestantism.) 

The  old  Merchant  Adventurers  of 
England  traded  to  the  Netherlands, 
859.  1026.  See  Flanders,  New  Nether- 
lands, Spain. 

HoUand  documents :  resolutions  of 
the  States  General,  148,  446,  447,  737  ; 


Van  Meteren,  extracts  from,  327,  358 ; 
James  I.  to  the  States  General,  735 ; 
replies  of  the  States  General,  4.50,  451, 
737;  Dutch  charters.  680,  745,  746. 
See  letters  from  the  English  ambassa- 
dors to  the  United  I'rovinces  :  Sir  Dud- 
ley Carleton  and  Sir  Ralph  Winwood. 
See,  also,  Noel  de  Caron,  the  Dutch 
ambassador  in  England. 

United  States  of  xVmerica,  The  Genesis 
of,  V,  xiii-xv,  2^1 :  the  embryo,  3,  4 ; 
(Klizabeth  concludes  an  alliance  with 
Cond^,  15()2  ;  the  Huguenot  wars)  ; 
Huguenots  massacred  in  Florida,  the 
survivors  land  in  England  and  report 
(1.565),  5  ;  the  spark  kindled  at  Vera 
Cruz  (1568),  6,  7  ;  Elizabeth  deposed 
by  the  Bull  of  the  Pope  (1570),  7;  St. 
Bartholomew  in  France  (1572),  7  ;  auto- 
da-f^  in  Mexico  (1574),  8;  the  idea  of 
November  6,  1577  (Gilbert,  Ralegh, 
Grenville,  etc.),  8.  9;  the  idea  of  Sid- 
ney, Drake,  Walsingham,  Carleill,  and 
others  (15>!5),  15-17  ;  the  war  in  the 
United  States  of  Holland,  etc.,  17 ;  the 
war  with  Spain.  15-26;  the  peace 
which  gave  the  opportunity  (commend- 
ed by  the  politician,  pp.  289,  314)  for 
the  settlement  of  English  colonies 
across  the  old  Atlantic  battle-ground  in 
the  far  distant  land  of  Virginia,  27  ; 
the  royal  charters  granted,  the  enter- 
prise taken  in  hand,  and  the  seed  planted 
at  Jamestown  in  Virginia,  2;t-8i)5 ; 
which  has  proven  "'  a  great  tree,"  637- 
Sde  under  England.  France.  New  Eng- 
land, Protestantism.  Romanism,  Spain, 
United  States  of  Holland,  etc  ,  Virginia, 
etc.  See,  also,  John  and  Sebastian  Cabot, 
Queen  Elizabeth,  Sir  Ferdinando 
Gorges,  Sir  John  Popham,  Sir  Thomas 
Smith,  James  I.,  Lord  De  la  WaiT,  and 
pp.  806-1070,  passim. 

University  College,  Oxford,  790. 

Upkings,  William,  fishmonger,  281. 

Urwyn  (see  Irwin),  Mariana,  999;  Sir 
William,  999. 

Usher,  Archbishop,  author,  1038. 

Utopia,  Sir  Thomas  Mores,  2,  31,  930, 
953,  954. 

Uzeda,  Duke  of  (Spaniard),  938,  967. 

Van  Lore,  Marv,  1036 ;  Sir  Peter  (Dutch), 
8114.  1035,  1036. 

Van  Medkerke,  Alphonsus  (Dutch),  804, 
1036. 

Van  Meetkerke.  Adolphus  (Dutch),  1036. 

Van  Meteren.     See  Meteren. 

Vane,  Sir  Henry,  467,  545,  803.  1036  ;  Sir 
Henry,  Jr..  author,  103() ;  '"  Lord  Spen- 
cer's daughter,"  180. 

Vargas,  Gaspar  de  (Spaniard),  521. 

Varney,  Capt.  John,  16. 

Va<?s.aH,  John,  Sr.,  UrM'i  ;  John,  gent. 
(Huguenot),    223,  1036;  John,    1036; 


1142 


INDEX. 


Samuel,  846,  1004,  1036;  William, 
1030. 

Vaughan,  Edward,  224,  1036  ;  Capt.  John, 
16;  John,  Esq..  546,  (\:1S,  63 J,  1036, 
1037;  Owen,  Wd6;  Thomas,  1U37 ; 
Sir  Walter,  407,  545,  1037 ;  Sir  Wil- 
liam, author,  841,  1037. 

Vaux,  Lord,  610,  928. 

Veer,  Albert  de  (Dutch),  447;  Gerald  de 
(Dutch),  1012. 

Velada,  Marques  de  (Spaniard),  622. 

Velasco,  Velasquez,  Don  Alonso  de,  Span- 
ish ambassador  in  England  (1610-1613), 
387,  3y2,  3y3,  418,  426-428,  442,  455, 
457,  473,  476,  4SM,  495,  509,  510,  523- 
525,  527,  528,  531,  533,  537,  5.53,  554, 
556,  560,  569,  575,  593,  602,  603,  610, 
621,  622,  631,  633,  634,  636,  638,  639, 
645.  646,  652,  654,  657-659,  849^  1037, 
1067  ;  (his  daughter-in-law,  537  ;  his 
sister,  537) ;  Juan  Ferdinand  de,  Span- 
ish ambassador  to  England  (1604),  126, 
1037;  Louis  de,  844;  Don  Luis  de, 
967. 

Venetian  ambassador  (1522),  838. 

Venetians,  455,  645,  646,  650,  674. 

Venice,  650,  667,  691,  697,  1000.^ 

Venice,  a  gentleman  of,  645,  646,  650. 

Venice  glass,  914. 

Venison,  86,  163,  425,  485,  486. 

Venne,  Fenne,  Arthur,  gent.,  216;  Hugh, 
1037  ;  Richard,  haberdasher,  228,  1037. 

Vennor,  or  Feunor,  Capt.  Thomas,  16, 
889. 

Vera  Cruz,  6,  7,  568,  793,  947. 

Vere,  Anne,  1038  ;  Catherine,  1038  ;  Dor- 
othy, 1038,  1057  ;  Edward.  1038  ;  Eliza- 
beth, 1038;  Elizabeth  (Vere-Stanley), 
Countess  of  Derby,  542, 1038  ;  Frances, 
910;  Sir  Francis,"  834,  925,  948,  959, 
964,  1003,  1011.1037,  1038;  Geoffrey 
de,  1037;  Sir  Horatio,  180,  210,  231, 
447,  831,  833,  834,  901,  910,  962,  1032, 
1037,  1038,  10.57,  Port,  981;  John, 
1037  ;  Mary,  1038  ;  Lady  Susan,  920. 

Vernon,  Elizabeth,  1063;  John,  Esq., 
1063. 

Verrazano,  Verazan,  Vererzamis,  etc., 
Florentine  navigator,  10,  769. 

Verton,  Monsieur  (French),  1022. 

Vertue,  Christopher,  vintner,  226,  1038. 

Verulam,  Lord.  —  Sir  Francis  Bacon. 

Vespucius,  Americus,  Florentine  naviga- 
tor, 839,  953.  954. 

Vessels.     See  Naval  Affairs. 

Vestry  minutes,  571.  572. 

Vestry  in  Virginia,  904. 

Vesy,  William,  978. 

Vicars,  Vigars,  John,  merchant-tailor, 
305,  390. 

Viceroy.     See  President  of  the  Indies. 

Victoria,  present  Queen  of  England,  1027. 

Victuals.     See  Provisions. 

Vieta,  or  Vi^te,  Francois,  French  mathe- 
matician (1540-1603),  910. 


Villa  Diego,  Villa  James,  and  Villiaco 
See  Jamestown. 

Villa  Floi-es.     See  Zuniga. 

Villa  Franca,  Marques  de  (Spaniard), 
622. 

Villa  Mediana,  Count  of  (see  Taxis),  1067. 

Villeroy,  Mons.  de  (French),  622,  677, 
757, 1037,  1038. 

Villiers,  Anne,  1038 ;  Sir  Edward,  990 ; 
George,  Viscount,  795,  818,  821,  822, 
864,  867,  877,  879,  903,  941,  951,  965, 
1032,  1038,  1039,  1051,  1062. 

Vincent,  Mr.  ,  14 ;  Henry,  224,  468, 

1039. 

Vines,  Richard,  779,  1039. 

Vines,  86,  160,  164,  166,  265,  317,  409, 
410,  482,  502,  504-506,  533;  vine- 
dressers, 248,  353,  356;  "  vinearoones," 
410 ;    vineyards,    455  ;     vintage,   410. 

Vintners'  Company  of  London,  220,  250, 
826,  831,  853,  858,  935.  983,   1038. 

Virginia  Britannia,  bv  W.  Straehey,  47, 
562-568  ;  by  W.  Synionds,  282-291. 

Virginia  (34°  to  45°  N.  Lat.),  the  land  of: 
general  mentions,  jjassim,  see  pp.  33- 
35,  65,  80,  100,  134,  143,  147,  207,  208, 
268,  271,  272.  (279,  280),  288,  293,  327, 
359,  372,  503,  639,  640,  820,  821,  860, 
1(12-5-1027 ;  named  for  and  by  Queen 
Elizabeth,  13,  51,  286,  314,  372,  623, 
693,  749,  1034 ;  "  the  solitude  of  Vir- 
ginia crying  aloud  for  inhabitants," 
February  17,  1607,  820 ;  ''  the  land  of 
Virginia  descried  about  foure  a  clocke 
in  the  morning,"  May'  'e,  1607,  156;  de- 
scriptions of,  109,  110,  136,  137,  140, 
169,  195,  260,  279.  286,  288,  313-315, 
321-324,  341  ;  "  Earth's  only  Para- 
dise," 86,  162  ;  "a  Land  more  like  the 
garden  of  Eden :  which  the  Lord 
planted,  than  any  part  else  of  all  the 
Earth,"  289  ;  "  Beautified  by  God,  with 
all  the  ornaments  of  nature,  and  en- 
riched with  his  earthly  treasures,"  583  ; 
"  the  island  which  they  call,"  102 ; 
'■part  of  the  Spanish  Indies,"  119,  120, 
126,  etc.  See  Bays,  Capes,  Climate, 
Commodities.  Fauna,  Fish,  Flora,  Isl- 
ands, Minerals,  Mountains,  Native  In- 
habitants, New  Albion,  New  Britain, 
New  England,  Physical  Features,  Riv- 
ers, Soil,  Spain,  Virginia  Colonies,  etc. 

Virginia  (34°  to  45°  N.  Lat.),  the  land 
of.  His  Majesties  Council  for:  vii, 
45,  56,  57,  ()ti,  75,  76,  78-80,  89,  91- 
95,  102,  106,  113,  117,  118,  125,  141, 
143,  147,  170,  171,  179,  199,  201,  207, 
2.31,  232  ;  they  wielded  authority  under 
v.,  VII..  and  XII.;  they  issued  VIL 
and  VIII..  and  other  documents  now 
probably  lost. 

Members  of  (see  their  biographies) : 
J.  Bagge,  M.  Berkeley.  T.  Challoner, 
W.  Cope,  G  Coppin  H  Croft.  O.  Crom- 
well,   J.    Doddtridge,    J.    Eldred,    T. 


INDEX. 


1143 


Freake,  J.  Gilbert,  F.  Goi^es,  B.  Gren-  I 
ville,  F.  Greville,  R.  Hawkins,  T.  Hole- 
croft,  E.  Hiingert'ord,  T.  Jiinies,  R. 
KUligrew,  J.  Mallet,  R.  Mansell,  E. 
Michelborne,  B.  Miehell,  11.  Montague, 
G.  Moore,  H.  Neville,  A.  Palmer,  F. 
Pophain,  E.  Rog'ers.  T.  Roe,  W.  Roui- 
ney,  E.  Sandys,  J.  Scott,  E.  Seymour,  : 
T.  Smith,  T.  Smith  clerk,  of  the  Privy 
Council,  M.  Sutcliffe,  J.  Trevor,  W. 
Wade,  and  T.  Warr.  Tlie  work  began 
under  the  guidance  of  these  men.  See, 
also.  His  Majesties  Council  for  the 
London  Company  of  Virginia. 

Virginia,  North  (4iJ^  to  45-^  N.  Lat.),  the 
second  colony,  Company  and  Council  of. 
See  under  New  England 

Virginia,  South  (ot°  to  4i)°  N.  Lat.),  the 
London  Company  for  the  first  colony 
of  (p.  .j4),  afterwards  received  by  tlieir 
special  charter  the  name  of  "'  The 
Treasurer  and  Company  of  Adven- 
turers and  Planters  of  the  city  of  Lon- 
don for  the  Colony  in  Virginia"  (p. 
22!)) :  general  mentions,  passim,  see  pp. 
T-xv,  xvii,  I,  3,8,  l;},  17,  20,  24,  52-54, 
58,  73,  177,  178,  181,  184,  199,  228, 
229,  249,  252-254,  276,  277,  283,  284, 
286,  295,  296,  313,  316,  317,  332,  402- 
413,  458,  542,  593,  594.  597,  665,  680, 
681,  689,  722-724,  730-733,  735,  751, 
752,  760,  766,  780,  798,  802-805,  807, 
808,  859,  860,  1013,  1017. 

Incorporation  of.  see  Adventurers,  In- 
corporators, Planters,  Subscribers,  and 
Undertakers ;  also.  Captains,  Cities, 
Citizens,  City  Companies,  Corporations, 
Countesses,  Doctors,  Esquires,  Gentle- 
men, Knights,  Ladies,  Lawyers,  Lord- 
Mayors,  Merchants,  Ministers,  Noble- 
men, Parliament,  Peers,  Widows,  and 
Yeoman. 

Organization  of,  see  Auditor,  Beadle, 
Bookkeeper,  Cashier,  Clerks,  Commit- 
tees, Council,  Courts,  Deputy-Treasu- 
rer, Husband,  Secretary,  and  Treasurer. 
Records  of,  vi-x,  64, 428, 4'JO,  464, 466, 
807,  803,  874,  890,  934,  935,  1008,  1016, 
1041,  1042,  1062,  1063;  mostly  missing, 
but  the  originals  of  the  following  were 
probably  filed  away  "  in  the  compa- 
nies   chest   of   evidences":     V,    VL, 

viL,  VIII.,  xn.,xix.,xxi, xxii., 

XXIII.,  XLIX.,  LXVL,  LXVII, 
LXXIL,  C,  CIL,  CXXL,  CXXIL, 
CXXXIII.,  CLVi.,  CLV-.,  CLIX., 
CLXL,  CLXIL,  CLXIIL,  CLXXIIIi., 
CLXXIII'.,  CXCIV.,  CC,  CCIIL, 
CCLXXIV.,  CCCXXI.,  CCCLXL, 
CCCLXIV.  See  Documents  (not  found). 
Sundry  references  :  Business  of  Vir- 
ginia, 655-657  ;  charge  of  transpor- 
tation, 252 ;  crucial  test,  599 ;  direc- 
tions, 75-79 ;  ends  of,  339 ;  enterprise 
of    charge,    503 ;    feasible,    339,  ;J40 ; 


friends,  367,  619 ;  generalitie,  456 ; 
honour,  3.52,  798 ;  inconvenience,  342 ; 
instruments,  77  ;  means,  4(i.3  ;  money, 
may  coin,  58;  new  adventurere,  779; 
noble,  33;),  34.) ;  officers  of,  233,  273  ; 
old  adveuturei-s,  779 ;  piety,  352 ;  ru- 
moi-s  (false),  354;  "'trewe  relation," 
Percy,  570;  unmasking  of  Virginia, 
83(i ;  varnishing  reports,  752 ;  ways, 
339,  341.  See  Advice,  American  en- 
terprises. Articles,  Bills,  Broadsides, 
Chartei-s,  Colonies.  Commissions,  Com- 
panies, Councils,  Darkest  hour.  Decla- 
rations, Dedications,  Diplomacy,  Dis- 
couragements, Discourses,  Discoveries, 
Documents,  Emigrants,  Encourage- 
ments, "Epistles  Dedicatorie,"  Evi- 
dence, Factions,  Founders,  France,  In- 
structions, Laws,  Letters,  Lists,  Lot- 
tery, Managers,  Maps,  Narratives,  Ob- 
jections, Objects,  Orders,  Parliament, 
Patrons,  Peace,  Protestantism,  Rela- 
tions, Remarks,  Reports,  Ronaanism, 
Seal,  Sermons,  Spain,  State,  Subscrib- 
ers, Tracts,  Trades,  United  Provinces, 
Virginia  Colony,  Voyages,  etc. 
Virginia,  South  '(34°  to  40°  N.  Lat.), 
the  London  Company,  etc  ,  His  Majes- 
ties Council  for :  viii,  x,  xii-xiv,  205, 
207,  231-240,  247,  249,  250,  252-254, 
272,  277,  279,  302,  307,  308,  314,  316, 
324,  330,  331,  336-358,  368,  369,  373, 
376-384,  392,  428,  439,  445,  461-470, 
477,  488-497,  530,  532,  533,  548,  549, 
551,  5.5.5,  5.58,  559,  .596,  608,  611,  616, 
637,  661,  677,  679,  685,  687,  730-733, 
752,  761,  775-779,  796-799  (801),  1025, 
1028.  _ 

Their  authority  began  with  the  com- 
pany's first  special  charter,  LX\'I  , 
and  thev  were  the  authors  of :  LXVII., 
LXX.,'LXXII.  C,  CXIV.,  CXV., 
CXXL,  CXXIL,  CXL.,  CXLIL, 
CXLVIIL,  CLXI.  CLXIIL,  CCX., 
CCLIIL,  CCCXVIL,  CCCXLII., 
CCCLIIL,  CCCLXII  — CCLXIIL  and 
CCCLXIII-  were  written  by  membei-s 
of  this  council,  and  I  think  that 
LXVIII ,  LXXX.,  and  CCXCIV.  were 
also.  Nearly  all  of  their  prints  have 
been  collected  together  in  this  work, 
but  their  written  records  are  still  very 
largely  wanting.  See  Documents  (not 
found). 

Members  of  (see  their  biographies). 
The  following  were  mai|iigers  from  the 
first  (231,  232) :  F.  Bacon,  M.  Berke- 
ley, G.  Bridges,  C.  Brooke,  G.  Carew, 
H.  Carey.  E.  Cecil.  T.  Cecil,  T.  Chal- 
loner,  H.  Clinton,  E.  Conway,  W.  Cope, 
G.  Coppin.  O.  Cromwell,  D.  Digges. 
R.  Drurv,  J.  Eldred,  H.  Fanshawe,  T. 
G.ates.  W.  Godolphin,  W.  Herbert,  B. 
Hieks,  H.  Hobart,  Theo.  Howard.  R. 
Killigrew,  R.  Mansell,  P.  Manwood,  H. 


1144 


INDEX. 


Montague,  J.  Montague,  H.  Neville, 
W.  Parker,  S.  Poole,  A,  Preston,  T. 
Roe,  W.  Romney,  E.  [Sandys,  J.  Scott, 
E.  Sheffield,  R  Sidney,  T.  Smith,  M. 
Sonds,  J.  Stanhope,  J.  Trevor,  H.  Vere, 
W.  Wade,  J.  Watts,  H.  Weld,  T.  West, 
R.  Williamson,  J.  Wolstenholme,  H. 
Wriothesley,  and  E  Zouch.  Added 
during  IGOJ-lOll!  (.348,  54y)  :  J.  Bing- 
ley,  W-  Cavendish,  T.  Dale,  T.  Freake, 
R.  Grobham,  J.  Harrington,  P.  Her- 
bert, A.  Ingram,  C  Maicott,  R.  Mar- 
tin, W.  Paget,  W.  St.  John,  J.  Samms, 
S.  Sandys,  and  T.  Watson.  Added 
during  1012-1(316  (790,  797)  :  M.  Ab- 
bot, A.  Aucher,  W.  Bourchier,  N.  But- 
ler, R.  Chamberlaine,  T.  Cheeke,  L. 
Craufield,  J.  Davers,  F.  Egiocke,  J.  Far- 
rar,  T.  Gibbs,  W.  Greenwell,  E.  Har- 
wood,  J.  Hay,  R.  Heath,  R.  Johnson, 
R.  Offley,  R.  Phillipps,  H.  Rainsford, 
N.  Rich,  R.  Rich,  G.  Thorpe,  N.  Tuf- 
ton,  J.  Wrothe,  and  G.  Yeardley.  Added 
during  1017-1024  :  J.  Bland.  N.  Fer- 
rar,  L.  Hide,  J.  King,  H.  May,  W. 
Maynard,  J.  Ogle.  G.  Scott.  R.  Tom- 
lins,  H.  West,  T.  Wheatley,  J.  White, 
and  others.  See,  also.  His  Majesties 
Council  of  Virginia  (34^  to  4.5°  N.  Lat.), 
under  whose  guidance  the  first  experi- 
ments were  made,  and  of  New  England 
in  continuance  of  the  work. 
Virginia  (34°  to  40°  N.  Lat.),  First  Colony 
of :  General  mentions,  passim,  see  pp. 
29, 115,  327, 361,  365-367,  369, 376,  440, 
443,  452,  465,  6-39.  640,  679-681,  735, 
766,  768,  769,  772,  773,  782,  800,  805, 
808,  860;  accounts  of,  English,  109, 
110,  112-114,  151-180,  238-243,  248, 
252,  253,  265,  268,  270,  272-277,  317, 
330,  331,  3.34,  335,  337-354,  400-417, 
419-439,  445,  448,  449,  477-494,  497- 
508,  558,  559,  562-568,  576,  578-588, 
623-626, 640-645,  689,  691,  693,  746- 
752,  775-779,  783,  789,  790,  794,  795, 
797,  798  ;  French,  142,  595,  596,  702, 
716,  717 ;  Irish,  393-399 ;  Spanish,  88, 
110,  116-127,  144,  172,  243-247,  326, 
336,  418,  427,  443,  45.5-457,  509-523, 
634,  638,  64.5-654,  659-662,680,681, 
738-745,  759;  John  Smith's.  181-183, 
199-204,597-601,  784-788;  beginning, 
xvii,  348,  779,  800 ;  bounds  of,  52,  .53, 
207,  208,  229,  230,  .541 ;  charters,  46- 
63,  206-237,  .540-553  ;  first  instructions, 
orders,  and  ftdvice,  6-5-85,  102  ;  planta- 
tion of,  290,  291,  .301,  3i)2,  304,  305, 
312-315,  776-779,  789.  797,  798,  805, 
1027,  1048 ;  established,  805. 

Sundry  references  to :  Advantages, 
646  ;  advertisement,  .507,  509  ;  art,  266, 
301 ;  deserts,  457  ;  duel,  889,  913,  1049  ; 
expectations,  647;  "farewell  peale," 
406;  freshwateTs,  156;  freshets,  5U7  ;  i 
gallows,   703;   idleness,  752;  industry, 


266,  301 ;  in  jeopardy,  689 :  leave  to  re- 
turn from,  798  ;  license  to  go  to,  234  ; 
medowes,  156 ;  na>are,  265,  266,  301  ; 
number  in,  82,  519,  520,  662,  782,  1016, 
1064  ;  nurseries,  504 ;  passage  through, 
327;  pastures,  176,  314,  481  ;  proceed- 
ings in,  48,  (iOl  ;  j)roclamations,  493  ; 
public  lands,  873  ;  salt  sea  (lake),  793; 
"  seates,"  504,  505;  shoes,  516,  7l8  ; 
table  for  gentlemen,  500  ;  tombstone, 
150,  151 ;  vestry  in,  904.  See  Aban- 
donment, Cross.  Descriptions,  Discover- 
ies, Diseases,  Documents,  Emigrants, 
England,  Firsts,  Fortifications,  Foun- 
dation, Good  News,  Houses,  James 
River  and  Town,  Landowners,  Laws, 
Maps,  Parliament,  Plays,  Poems,  Pris- 
oners, Protestant  Colony,  Provisions, 
Sermons,  Ships,  Spain,  Virginia  (the 
land  of),  Vojages,  etc. 

Council  in,  55-57,  64,  67,  69,  70,  73, 
75-79,  85,89,  93,  94, 106,  108,  167,  168, 
174,  176,  179,  182,  183,  206,  207.  234, 
331,  332,  334,  335,  402-413,  492,  493, 
538  (801).  See  Archer,  Argall,  Gates, 
Gosnold,  Kendall,  Maitin,  Newport, 
Percy,  Powell,  Ratcliffe,  Scrivener, 
Smith,  Somers,  Strachey,  Waldo,  Wen- 
man,  the  Wests,  Wingfield,  Winne,  or 
Wynne,  and  Yeardley.  And  in  refer- 
ence to  this  colony  see,  also,  Bar- 
grave,  Berkeley,  Biard,  Bland,  Bohun, 
Brewster,  Buck,  Butler,  Calvert, 
Clarke,  Crashaw,  Dale,  Davises, 
Digges,  Donne,  Elfrith,  Erondelle,  Ev- 
elin,  Felgate,  Ferrar,  Fleet,  Graves, 
Hamer,  Hansford,  Harrisons,  Hawkins, 
Holecroft,  Joi"dan,  Keith,  Lovelace, 
Maddison,  Mease,  Molina,  Monson, 
Nelson,  Newce,  Pawlet,  Peirsey,  Per- 
kins, Phetti  Places,  Pocahontas,  Poole, 
Pory,  Powhatan,  Pring,  Rich,  Rolfe,  ■ 
Saint  Leger,  Sandys,  Savage,  Shelley,  fl 
Spelman,  Studley,  Swift,  Taverner,  ■ 
Thorpe,  Todkill,  Tracy,  Tradescant, 
Tuckers,  Turner,  Tyndall,  Vassall, 
W^ests,  Whitaker,  White,  Wiekham, 
Wiffins,  Winter,  Wood,  Woodall.Wood- 
house,  Woodlilfe,  Wor.sley,  and  Zouche. 

Virginia,  state  of,  860 ;  Library,  150, 
242  ;  Land  Office,  91  ;  Register's  Office, 
64,  65  ;  University,  43,  475,  733  ;  His- 
torical Register,  790,  995 ;  Historical 
Society,  488  ;  Papers,  861, 879, 1<;06  (see 
Docuinents)  ;  Records  at  Washington, 
X,  460,  874,  m),  934,  935,  1008,  1016, 
1042,  1062,  1063. 

Virginia  and  Maryland  (tract),  51. 

Virginian  boy,  an  Indian,  who  could 
write,  101)5,' 1031  ;  colonel,  30,  32. 

Visitation  of  London,  referred  to,  89.3, 
904,  914,  9;]6,  954,  OSC),  990,  1000,1039, 
1042,  1044  ;  of  Essex,  901. 

Visscher's  drawing  of  London  in  1616, 
frontispiece  to  vol.  ii. 


INDEX. 


1U5 


Vittars,  Sebastian,  548. 

Volday.     See  Faldo. 

Voyag'es  to  America  prior  to  1600: 
Cabot,  2,  Too ;  Here,  2 ;  Ribauk,  4, 
590 ;   Hawkins   (three),   4-7,   5(1S,  (574, 

792,  793,  lOJtJ ;  Stiikeley,  4  ;  Frobisher 
(three),  8,  072,  795 ;  Gilbert  (two),  i)- 
12,  672  ;  Drake's  circumnavig^ation,  9, 
672,  795;  Ferdinanclo,  89J ;  Walker, 
104U;  Fenton,  10;  Davys  (three),  12, 
672 ;    Aniad;is   and    Barlow,    i'-i,    749, 

793,  794 ;  GrenviUe  (two),  14,  15,  17, 
18,  457,  567,  (572,  749,  794 ;  Bernard 
Drake,  14 ;  Drake-Carleill-Frobisher, 
15-17,  675,  792-794,  lOlil  ;  Clifford's 
naval  raids,  18,  22,  23,  106 1  ;  Caven- 
dish's circumnavigation.  18,  21  ;  White^ 
18,  19 ;  Watts,  21  ;  Newport  (two), 
21,  22,  27 ;  Lancaster,  22,  23 ;  Gaorg-e 
Drake,  23 ;  Strong,  23 ;  Weymouth's 
first,  23  ;  Wyet,  23  ;  Parker- Whiddon, 
23;  Dudley,  23;  Ralegh,  2J J ;  Drake- 
Hawkins,  23,  075  ;  Keymis,  23  ;  Pres- 
ton-Soraers,  24 ;  Sherlev,  24 ;  Parker, 
24,  25 ;  AslJey,  25  :  Mace,  26 ;  Wey- 
mouth's second,  23,  70  ;  Pring,  20 ; 
Areher-Gilbert-Gosnold,  26,  48,  457, 
459;  B.  Gilbert,  20,  27;  de  Hants, 
322 ;  Charles  Leigh,  27  ;  Champlaine, 
27,  457,  459,  670  ;  AVeymouth's  third, 
V,  27,  48,  50,  457,  459.  See  the  com- 
manders given  in  the  above  list,  and 
also,  Arundell,  Ashley,  Baskerville, 
Borough,  Button,  Butts,  Cartier,  Capt. 
William  Cecil,  Chichester,  Chudleigh, 
Coitmore,  Columbus.  John  Drake, 
Fenner,  A.  Gilbert,  Gorges,  Hauham, 
Hampton,  Harlot,  Richard  Hawkins, 
Ingram,  Kendall,  Knollys,  Lane,  Lau- 
donni^re.  Lodge,  Capt.  John  Martin, 
Menendez,  Rastel,  Seeley  (Sir  Philip 
Sidney),  Soto,  Thome,  Verrazano,  Ves- 
pucius.  Wade,  Winter,  Wood,  Wright, 
etc. 

Voyages  to  the  Bermudas  (1603-16)  : 
The  wreck  of  the  Sea  Venture  (1609), 
752,  753  (see  The  Tempest  and  the  voy- 
age of  the  fleet  (1009)  to  South  Vir- 
ginia) ;  Somers  in  the  Patience  from 
Virginia  (1310-11),  754  (see  biogra- 
phy of  Sir  George  Somers) ;  Capt. 
Moore  in  the  Plough  (1012),  557,  5S9, 
755  ;  the  Elizabeth,  Capt.  Adams,  on 
her  way  to  South  Virginia  (1013),  002, 
603,  638  ;  the  Martha  (1013)  [002,  003, 
621?],  633;  the  Elizabeth,  Capt.  Ad- 
ams, on  her  second  voyage  to  South 
Virginia  (1013-14),  left  the  Island  in 
the  winter  of  1613-14,  and  about  a 
month  after,  two  Spanish  ships  recon- 
noitred the  island,  035,  734  ;  about  a 
month  after  the  Spanish  ships  left, 
Capt.  Elfrith  arrived  with  a  Spanish 
prize,  8S5  ;  the  fleet  for  fortifying  and 
defending  the  island  against  the  Span- 


iards, the  Blessing,  the  Starr,  the  Mar- 
garet, the  Thomas,  and  the  Edwin 
(and  the  "Mateo"  0S2  :'),  sailed  in 
1614  (and  arrived  in  April  and  May  of 
that  year),  080,  682,  684,  759;  the 
Welcome  (1615),  767 ;  the  Edwins 
second  voyage  (1015),  824;  the  George 
(16]()),  774;  the  Edwin's  third  voy- 
age (1610),  824;  proposed  voyages, 
560,  634.  See  Voyages  to  South  Vir- 
ginia. See  under  Ships,  and  biogra- 
phies of  Commanders.  Captains,  etc., 
Adams,  Bargrave,  Elfrith,  Gates, 
Moore,  Newport,  Somers,  Tucker,  etc. 

Voyages  to  North  Virginia,  or  New  Eng- 
land (1000-1616)  :  Champlaine  (lt>U4, 
1605,  and  1()0()),  457,  459,  (i76  ;  Pou- 
trincourt  (1606),  534;  Challons,  in  the 
Richard  (1606),  64,  95-98,  lOl,  114, 
115,  119,  122,  127-139,  148-150,  183, 
184,  758;  (Bingley's  voyage  of,  1636- 
1607,  to  North  or  South  Virginia, 
119);  Hanham-Pring  (l(i;)()-1007),  (Jl, 
96,  98,  99,  457,  4.59 ;  Popham-Gilbert- 
Davis  (1607),  in  the  Gift  of  God  and 
the  Mary  and  John,  96,  102,  121,  14 ), 
141,  144,  145,  190-194,  197,  459,  535, 
536,  567  ;  Davis  (16  )^),  178,  179,  197, 
535,  536  ;  voyage  of  January  10)09  (?), 
198,  243;  of' March  5,  16)9  (?),  247; 
Hudson  in  the  Half  Moon  (16i)9),  327, 
457,  450 ;  Somers  in  the  Patience 
(1610),  401,  408,  415,  428,  750,754; 
Argall  in  the  Discovery  (1610),  408, 
428-439,  459, 750  ;  Poutrincourt  (1010), 
375,  534,  098 ;  Bieneourt  in  the  Grace 
of  God  (161 1),  475,  476, 533,  (598  ;  Har- 
lev-Hobson  (1611),  470,  471,  532,  534, 
53(>,  720;  Saussaye  (1613),  700,  etc. 
(see  Biard,  Saussaye,  etc.) ;  Argall- 
Turner,  in  the  Treasurer,  etc.  (161:1), 
Jirst  vo'/age,  (5-14,  062,  (564,  676-()S0, 
6S9,  69i)-734,  741,  742,  745,  751  ;  Ar- 
gall-Turner,  with  the  Treasurer,  the 
French  ship,  etc.  (1613),  second  voyage, 
689,  699-734,  741,  742,  745,  751,  757; 
Poutrincourt.  in  La  Prime  (1(')13-14), 
726-72t);  Harley-Hobson  (1()14).  729; 
Hunt-Smith  (1614),  680,  736;  sundry 
voyages  (1615),  769;  Dermer  (1615), 
769;  Hawkins  (1015)  [went  on  to 
South  Virginia],  771;  Vines  (lOKi). 
779;  sundry  voyages,  77!*,  78  > ;  pro- 
posed voyages,  197,  198  ;  questionable 
voyages.  111,  243.  See  the  biographies 
of  the  captains  of  the  various  voy- 
ages, and  in  the  Index,  the  comprehen- 
sive heading.  Ships,  especially  for  voy- 
ages after  lOlG. 

Voyages  to  South  Virginia  (1606-10) 
(Bingley's  of  1606-07,  w:is  this  voy- 
age sent  out  by  the  North  or  Scmth 
Virginia  Company?  119);  Newport- 
Gosnold-Rateliffe,  in  the  Sarah,  or  Si- 
san  Constant,  Goodspeed,  or  Godspeed, 


1146 


INDEX. 


and  Discovery,  or  Discoverer  (16C6- 
07),  76-»7,  98,  105,  106,  109,  112, 
110,  142,  151-1(38,  817,  341,  ;]48,  749, 
795  ;  Newport-Nelson,  in  the  John  and 
Francis  and  the  Phcenix  (i007-U8), 
110,  118,  121,  124,  151,  172-178,  180, 
341,  348,  393-399;  Newport,  in  the 
Mary  and  Margaret  (10U8),  172,  178, 
198-200,205,  341,  342,  348,  396;  (Hud- 
son on  the  coast  ( 1609),  327)  ;  Argall, 
in  a  small  ship  for  the  discovery  of  a 
shorter  way  (16U9),  307,  327,  330,  332, 
334,  342-344,  749 ;  Gates  Somers-New- 
port,  and  other  captains  (see  p.  329), 
in  the  Diamond,  Falcon,  Blessing, 
Unity,  Lion,  iSwallow,  Virginia,  ''  a 
catch,"  "  a  pinnace,"  and  the  Sea  Ven- 
ture, and  from  the  Bermudas  in  the 
Patience  and  Deliverance  (1609-10), 
317,  320,  324,  328-334,  336,  342,  345- 
347,  354,  357,  365,  392,  393,  399-427, 
455,  456,  473,  483,  484,  520,  528,  529, 
563,  016-018,  625,  749,  752-754  ;  Lord 
De  La  Warr-Wenman-Argall,  etc.,  in 
the  De  La  Warr,  Blessing,  and  Hercu- 
les (1610),  317,  324,  336,  350,  355-358, 
381,  386,  388,  392,  401-404,  413,  414, 
423-426,  474,  476-483,  489,  490,  494, 
495,  018,  626,*749,  750;  the  Dainty 
(1010),  393,  428  ;  the  Hercules  (1610- 
11),  439-441,  488-492,  497;  Dale, 
with  the  Star,  Prosperous,  and  Eliza- 
beth (1611),  445-448,  451,  452,  461- 
463,  489-494,  497,  518-520,  523,  528, 
529,  532.  614;  Gates,  with  the  Swan, 
the  Trial,  one  other  ship,  and  three 
carvells  (1611),  445,  448-452,  462,  403, 
469,  471,  473,  474,  494,  498,  520,  532, 
619;  Spanish  voyage  (1611),  497,  507- 
527,  531;  the  Sarah  (1612),  554,  557 
(569)  (577,  578) ;  the  John  and  Fran- 
cis (1611-12),  528,  538,  554,  557  (56!!) 
(577-578)  (640) ;  the  Treasurer  (1012- 
14),  336,  475  (493),  528,  570,_  573, 
040^0)45  (see  Vovages  to  North  Virgin- 
ia, 1()13),  725,  730,  737,  743;  the  Eliz- 
abeth (1613),  578,  602,  003,  ()08,  638, 
639,  645,  600;  the  Elizabeth  (1613- 
14),  659,  660-()63,  675,  689,  691,  741, 
742,  750;  the  John  and  Francis  (1614- 
15),  739,  752  (762) ;  the  Flying  Horse 
of  Flushing  (1615),  772;  Hawkins, 
from  North  Virginia  (1()15-10),  917; 
the  Treasurer  (1615-16),  v,  760  (702), 
782;  the  Susan  (1016),  790. 

Ships  mentioned  that  I  am  unable  to 
identify  with  certainty,  569,  570,  572, 
577,  578,  596,  632. 

Proposed  vovages  which  I  am  unable 
to  locate,  418,  427,  443,  554,  002,  685. 

Questionable  voyages.  111,  24;*,  59(). 
See  Naval  affairs,  and  Ships,  and  the 
biographies  of  (Captains,  Commanders, 
etc.,  Adams,  Archer,  Argall,  Barsrrave, 
Clarke,  I>ale,  Davis,  or  Davies,  Elfrith, 


Fitch,  Gates,  Gosnold,  Hawkins,  King, 
Martin,  Moore,  Nelson,  Newport,  Pett, 
Poole,  Powell,  Pring,  Ratcliffe,  Somers, 
Tucker,  Turner,  Tyndall,  Webb,  and 
Wood.  The  names  of  many  of  the 
commanders  of  ships  are  still  unknown. 

Voyages  to  North  America  after  1616. 
See  Ships:  Abigail,  887,  1011;  Black 
Hodge,  or  Margaret  and  John,  830, 
831 ;  Blessing,  1030  ;  Discovery,  970  ; 
Edwin,  824,  943 ;  Flushing,  man-of- 
war,  885,  980 ;  Margaret  of  Bristol, 
1060;  Mayflower,  855,  8(i2,  902,  905, 
943  ;  Neptune,  902  ;  Providence,  855  ; 
Silver  Falcon,  1066;  Supply,  10.32; 
Temperance,  1024 ;  Treasurer,  816, 
885,  880,  968,  980,  987.  See  the  Biog- 
raphies, passim. 

Voyages  to  South  America  :  Legate 
(1000),  64,  101,  122,  138,  139;  Har- 
court.  White,  etc.  (1009),  910,  1057 ; 
Roe  (1010-1611),  357,  358,  375,  454, 
473  ;  Roe  (sent  two  voyages  between 
1611  and  1615),  984,  985;  (Fisher-El- 
frith,  1613,  one  of  Roe's  voyages,  or 
under  the  Harcourt  charter  ?  see  pp. 
687,  885) ;  Edward  Harvey  (1610-17), 
910;  Ralegh  (1017-18);  774;  Ra- 
legh's design  of  going  to  Guiana  was 
known  to  the  Spaniards  as  early  as 
November,  16C9,  see  p.  333.  See 
Guiana,  and  the  biographies  of  the 
commanders  of  the  various  voyages. 

Voyages  to  the  Northwest  of  America : 
Knight  (1606),  64  ;  Hudson  (1007),  102, 
118;  Hudson  (1610-11),  358,  388, 
4f6,  497,  556,  561,  .573;  Button  (1612- 
1613),  5.56,  067  ;  Gibbons  (1014),  686; 
Byleth  and  Baffin  (1615),  707  ;  Byleth 
and  Baffin  (1616),  779.  See  Northwest 
Passage  Company,  the  biographies  of 
the  commanders  and  of  Digges,  Sir 
Thomas  Smythe,  Wolstenholme,  etc. 
For  other  Voyages,  see  Africa  (Algiers 
and  Guinea),  C  berry  Island,  East  In- 
dia, (Jreenland,  Japan.  Russia,  Spitz- 
bergen,  Turkey,  West  Indies,  etc.  See, 
also,  under  Ships. 

Waad,  Wade,  Armigil,  2,  1039  ;  Nathan- 
iel, 220,  1039  ;  Thomas,  20  ;  Sir  Wil- 
liam, diplomat,  etc.,  66,  89,  92,  141, 
143,  173,  210,  231,  240,384,  466,  .594, 
748,  889,  1013,  1039,  auto.,  1040,  Port., 
991. 

Waddall.     See  Woodall. 

Wadham,  Nicholas,  965. 

Waghenaer.  Dutch  geographer,  817. 

Waiman  (Wevmouth  ?),  Capt.,  113. 

Wainscot,  20.'^,  268,  425. 

Walcott,  Humphrey,  grocer,  257,  387- 
3S9,  558,  591,  687. 

Walden,  Edmund,  20. 

W.aldo,  Capt.  Richard,  178,  201,  214, 
1040. 

Waldrond,  John,  133. 


INDEX. 


1147 


Wale,  Thomas,  1040;  Thomas,  469,  548, 

171,  'JS2,  1040. 
Wales,  5,  70."),  721,  723. 
Wal'ford's  Old  and  New  London,  1040. 
Walker,    George,    1(57  ;     George,    sadler, 

222,  1040;  John,  ID,  S'.)7,  1040;  Thomas, 

Esq.,  214,  1040,  1041. 
Waller   (see  Wooller),   Anne,  1040;   Ed- 

mond,    poet,    S2:^.,    101);5,    1017,     1041; 

Eleanor,  001 ;   Capt.  Henry,  82o  ;  John, 

Esq.,   214,    407,    1041;  Owen,     1040; 

William,  001  ;   Sir  William,  000. 
Wallingford,  Viscount.  —  William   Knol- 

Ivs. 
Walnut  oil,  385  ;  trees,  107,  164,  16G,  385, 

42.5,  587,  650 ;   walnuts,  425,  700. 
Walsingham,  Sir  Edmund,  1041 ;  Frances, 

845,  877,  1002,   1041,  1045,  1040;  Sir 

Francis,  reformer,  diplom;it,  statesman, 

etc.,  1,  7,  10-13,  15,  825,  s;J2,  844,  845, 

840,  877,   890,  896,  905,  908,  93 J,  935, 

950, 1002, 1041,  1045,  1046, 1060,  Port, 

1001 ;  Mary,  9.50 ;  Marv,  845,  1041 ;  Sir 

Thomas,  467,  54:^,  1041 ;  William,  1041. 
Walter,   Edward,   1041 ;  John,  Esq.,  546, 

770,  802,  1041,  1042. 
Walton,  Izaak,  author,  1061. 
Walthall,  Elizabeth,  983  ;  William,  983. 
Wanton,  John,  984. 
Waplade,  Ellen,  931 ;  Thomas,  931. 
War  in  prospective  with  Spain,  124,  166, 

255.  443,   564,  630,  656,  693,  736,  775, 

lOK). 
War  with  the    Indians  in  Virginia,  164, 

167,  775.     Sse  Massacre  by  the  Indians. 

See  under  Protestantism. 
AVarbuiton,  George,   gent.,  978  ;    Bishop, 

979. 
Ward,    John,    poet,    1026 ;   Richard,    2 ; 

William,  804,  1043. 
Ware  Park,  654. 
Warman,  Richard,  1019. 
Warner,    Charles    Dudley,    788 ;     John, 

1042  ;  Richard,  469,  548,  1043  ;  Walter, 

mathematician,  106,  113,  114,  910,  965, 

11)42. 
Warrasqueakes,  Indians,    1034 ;  Warras- 

koyacks,  189,  908  ;  Warriscoes  Country, 

385. 
Wane,  Roger,  Esq.,  969,  1042;  Thomas, 

Esq.,  6(),  92,  4()7,  546,  1043. 
Warren,  Joane,  866  ;  Joan,  868 ;   Henry, 

9;)6  ;   Margaret,    931  ;   Sir   Rafe,    868 ; 

Robert,  8!U5. 
Warwick,  Earl  of.  —  Robert  Rich. 
Warwick    County    and   River,    Virginia, 

•)S1. 
Washbourne,  Mrs  Anne,  992. 
Washington,  Alice,  996  ;  Elizabeth,  1001  ; 

General    George,     815,    834,   888,    990, 

996    1021,  103,);  Colonel  Henry,  996; 

John,  the  emigrant  ancestor,  8l5,  990, 

99(i,    1051  ;   Rev.    Laurence,   815,  974, 

990,   1051;  Mr.  Liiurence,  815,   1011; 

Laurence,    996 ;    Laurence,   990 ;   Lau- 


rence of  Garesdon,  1001 ;  Mary,  815  ; 
Mary,  1011;  William,  1039;  "The 
mother  of  Washington,"  987 ;  "  The 
Washingtons  of  Sulgrave,"  1021 ;  "  The 
Washingtons  of  Virginia,"  956,  996  ; 
Washing-ton  arms,  893. 

Washington,  D.  C.  (see  Library  of  Con- 
gress, and  Peter  Force),  460,  781,  1021. 

Water  [Watei-son  ?|,  Mr.  Warden  of  the 
stationei's,  373. 

Waterhouse,  David,  Esq.  (see  Wood- 
house),  467,  829,  1042;  Sir  Edward 
(1591),  1042  ;  Edward,  author,  49,  833, 
1043  ;  Sir  Edward,  211,  1042  ;  Edward 
(1670),  author,  1042;  Robert,  1042; 
Lieut. ,  16. 

Waters,  Edward,  804,  888,  1042,  1043 ; 
Henry  F.  (see  New  England  Register, 
also),  990;  Margaret,  1043;  Robert, 
1043  ;   William,  1043. 

Waterson  (see  Water),  Master  Simon,  sta- 
tioner, 337. 

Watkins  Point,  CLVIII. 

^Vatson,  Th.  :  gent.,  181 ;  Sir  Thomas, 
214,  467,  549,  1043. 

Wattey,  William,  218. 

Watts,"  Sir  John,  21,  99,  198,  212,  232, 
466,  770,  977,  1043,  1044;  Sir  John, 
Jr.,  1043,  1044 ;  Thomas,  1043. 

"  Watts,"  quoted,  1059. 

Waynam,  Wayneman.     See  Weynman. 

Waynewright,  John,  merchant  -  tailor, 
305. 

Weanoke.     See  Weyonoke. 

Weaver,  Mr. ,  stationer,  293. 

Webbe,  Edward,  author,  219,  1044; 
George,  gent.,  224  ;  Capt  George,  408, 
782,  1044;  Rice,  468;  Rich.ard,  22^, 
771,  1044;  Sandys,  gent.,  216,  1044; 
Thomas,  214,  1044  ;  Thomas,  219, 1044 ; 

Capt.    ,    329,    641  ;    William,    see 

Husband  of  the  Virginia  Company. 

Webster,  Hon.  Daniel,  xvii,  xviii  ;  John, 
dramatist,  1026,  1044;  William,  218, 
770,  1044. 

Weeks,  M. ,  2  ;  Thomas,  clothworker, 

277,  1044. 

Welbv,  William,  stationer,  181,  222,  283, 
293-295,  35(>,  373,  445,  468,  471,  478, 
538,  ,558,  559,  .571,  609,  612,  621,  657, 
746,  759,  765,  771,  1044. 

Welch,  Edward,  221,  1044. 

Weld,  Wild,  Sir  Humphrey,  grocer,  210, 
231,  250,  252,  254,  257,  2.58,  277,  278, 
306,  315,  324,  326,  388,  1044,  10.53; 
Joane,  1004;  John,  1004;  John,  1044; 
John,  Esq.,  390,  467,  .54(i,  1044,  1052  ; 
John,  gent.,  390,  771, 1044,  1045  ;  Rob- 
ert, 408. 

Wellen,  Cornelius,  merchant  tailor,  305. 

Wells,  Thomas,  225,  771,  1045;  William, 
1045. 

Wenmau.     See  Weynman. 

Wennington,  Agnes,  91S  ;  William,  918. 

Wentworth.  Dorothy,  893  ;  Sir  John,  467, 


1148 


INDEX. 


1045;    Thomas,    Lord,   893;   Thomas, 
Esq.,  546  (U79),  1045. 

Werawocomoco  (see  Werowocomoco,  etc.), 
LVII. 

Werowance  of  Paspihe,  159,  162,  16.3, 
185,  349 ;  of  Rapahamia,  159-161,  166. 

Werowocomoco,  or  Worowocomoco,  151, 
187,  188,  .504. 

Wessaponson,  996. 

West,  Amie,  1022,  1045;  Anne,  1045; 
Anne,  1047  ;  Cicily,  Lady  de  la  Warr, 
968,  1001,  1048;  Elizabeth,  963,  1045; 
Frances,  963,  1047  ;  Capt.  Francis,  Esq., 
210,  331,  332,  334,  484,  943  (1005), 
1045, 1046, 1047  ;  Helena,  1045  ;  Henry, 
fourth  Lord,  884, 959, 1048 ;  Jane,  1049  ; 
John,  889  ;  Mr.  John,  grocer,  219,  387, 
389,  468, 771, 861,  913,  914,  1047, 1048 ; 
John,  Jr.,  grocer,  590, 1048  ;  John,  Esq., 
804,  1045,  1047 ;  (Mr.  John,  1'82) ;  John, 
1047;  Katherine,  1045;  "Katharine 
(Fust  ?),  now  Lady  Conway,"  219,  861, 
1048  ;  Hon.  Sir  L.  S.  backville-,  xvii, 
1049;  Lettiee,  1045;  Mary,  913,  914, 
1048 ;  Nathaniel,  804,  963,  1045-1047, 
1048  ;  Nathaniel,  Jr.,  1047  ;  Penelope, 
1002,  1045;  Robert,  1045;  Thomas, 
eighth  Lord,  1046;  Thomas,  second 
Lord,  1045,  1046,  1048  ;  Thomas,  third 
Lord,  author,  209,  231,  239,  244,  255, 
317,  318,  324,  331,  334,  336,  337,  345, 
350,  352,  355,  357,  358,  361,  370,  872, 
373,  375-386,  388,  392,  400-402,  413, 
417,  418,  423,  425,  427,  437,  462,  474, 
476-478,  483,  489,  490,  494,  528,  529, 
554,  562,  567,  617,  618,  693,  696,  749- 
751,  815,  830,  833,  924,  928,  935,  960, 
963,  964,  968,  1001,  1002,  1005,  1019, 
1020,  1045,  1046,  1048,  auto.,  1049, 
10.58,  1066,  Por^.,  1011;  Walsingham, 
1045;  William,  first  Lord,  1045,  1046; 
Capt.  William,  804,  1049 ;  Mr.  [Thom- 
as ?],   1045,    1046;    Capt.  ,  1005; 

Mr. ,  982. 

West  and  Sherley  Hundred.  See  West- 
over. 

West  Indies.  [The  reference  sometimes 
includes  all  of  the  possessions  of  Spain 
in  the  New  World.]  Tlie  Indies,  4(5, 
97,  101,  103,  121,  139,  262,  267,  313, 
322,  .328,  329,  .348,  397,  506,  510,  511, 
639,  647,  668, 693  ;  "  The  Indies  of  Cas- 
tile," 103  ;  the  Spanish  Indies,  120, 121, 
124,12.5,126,129,  144,  l(i6.  244,  24.5, 
961  ;  the  West  Indies,  or  West  India, 
4,  9,  23,  24,  119,  133,  138,  139,  152, 
153,  155,  174,  183,  195,  198,  346,  368, 
896,  477,  480,  489,  522,  532,  539,  595, 
602,  607,  622,  66!>-675,  693,  794,  822, 
824,  829,  830,  837,  855,  857,  873,  879, 
881,  882,  886,  903,  916,  920,  934,  939, 
940,  947,  95(),  957,  961,  972,  981,  986, 
1022,  1025,  1036,  1041,  1042,  1044, 
1058. 
Abrioio   (shoals),    130;    Aisey,    129; 


Ant-Ues,  or  Las  Antillas,  12S,  129,672; 
Barbuda,  920  ;  Baruada,  328,  346 ;  Be- 
cam,  155 ;  Buenos  Ayres  (on  the  Yen- 
ezuela  coast),  510,  512,  524,  525  ;  Car- 
ibbee,  875,  918,  932,  1058;  Castulia, 
154;  "  Cayennensis,"  698;  Fonseca, 
920;  Granada,  129;  Guadaloupe,  129, 
153;  Jamaica,  672,  869,  1036;  Lee 
Ward,  518;  (Margarita,  671,  916); 
Marigalanta,  153  ;  Martinique,  698 ; 
Mattanenio,  152  ;  Me  vis,  or  Nevis,  153- 
1.55,  393,  480,  489;  Mona,  155,  9.36; 
Moneta,  155 ;  Mounserot,  153  ;  Nevis 
(see  Mevis) ;  Pinos,  139 ;  Providence 
(see  Bahamas)  ;  Rich,  979  ;  Saba,  154  ; 
Saint  Catalina,  88() ;  Saint  Christopher, 
153  ;  Saint  Domingo  (see  Hispaniola)  ; 
Saint  John  de  Puerto  Rico  (see  Porto 
Rico) ;  Saint  Lucia,  128,  129 ;  Saint 
Vincent,  25,  129,  961;  Tabago,  920; 
(Tortuga,  522)  ;  Trinidad,  454,  473, 
670,  671,  920;  Virgines,  154,  1.55; 
Windward,  126,  512.  See  Bahamas, 
Barbadoes,  Bermudas,  Cuba,  Domin- 
ica, Havana,  Hispaniola,  Porto  Rico, 
and  under  Spain.  See,  also,  biogra- 
phies of  Ball,  Bargrave,  Bell,  the 
Blands,  Bohun,  Butler,  Button,  A. 
Chamberlaine,  Claiborne,  Clarke,  Clif- 
ford, Codrington,  Columbus,  Cope, 
Coventry,  Digges,  Dike,  Drake,  Dud- 
ley, Elfrith,  Gorges,  Harwood,  the 
Hawkinses,  the  Hawleys,  James  Hay, 
the  Herberts,  E.  Johnson,  Kendall, 
Lancaster,  Lok,  Mannering,  Menendez, 
Newport,  Parker,  Preston,  Pym,  the 
Riches,  Roe,  Somers,  Spruson,  the  Stu- 
arts, Tufton,  the  Vassalls,  Vines,  Wa- 
ters, Watts,  and  Benjamin  Wood. 

West  India,  fauna  :  Boar  (wild),  27,  155  ; 
bull  (wild),  155  ;  crocodile,  27  ;  guana 
(iguana),  155;  mosquitos,  or  muscetos, 
153.  Flora :  Guiacum  trees,  154 ;  pine- 
apples, 152,  174,  799;  plantains,  128, 
1.52,  174.  Natives:  See  Casadra,  Cas- 
savi  (or  Tapioca)  Bread,  128,  174,  and 
Linen  and  Roan  Cloth,  129,  152. 

Westall,  Edmond,  grocer,  687. 

Western  States,  102(1. 

Westly,  Westley,  Jane,  1040  ;  Richard, 
1040;   Titus,  merchant-tailor,  304. 

Westminster,  26.  63,  205,  237,  550,  553, 
59.5,625;  Abbey,  831,84.5,8.51,  865, 
867,  901,  908,  933,  965,  1025,  1026, 
1028,  1038  ;  college  of,  279. 

Weston,  Gan-et,  804,  1049;  Richard, 
Lord,  979. 

Westover,'Va.,  818,829,  830,  962,  1047; 
West  and  Sherley  Hundred,  782,  940, 
962,  1047. 

West  Point,  Va.,  187,  188. 

Westbrow,  John,  221,  1049;  Thomas, 
grocer,  558,  591,  ()8(). 

Westwray,  Judith,  888. 

Westwood,  Humphrey,  217,  1049. 


INDEX. 


1149 


Wetwood,  Randall,  220,  1049. 

Weymouth,  Wayraouth,  etc.,  Captain 
George,  v,  2^,  20,  27,  2it,  :32-35,  42,  4.K, 
.50,  76,  113,  12S.  244,  4.J7,  459,  400,  4%, 
78.),  817,  002,  0(>'.),  088,  1049,  1002. 

Weymouth,  England,  2."),  85. 

Weynmau.  Wenman,  VVayneman,  etc.. 
Sir  Ferdinando,  21 1,  407,  413,  414,424, 
905,  auto.,  1049 ;  Sir  Ferdinand's 
daughter.  1049  ;  8ir  Francis,  994, 1049 ; 
Sir  Robert,  1049  ;  Thomas,  Esq.,  1049; 
Sir  Thomas,  211,  1049. 

Weyonoke,  or  Weanoke,  933,  946,  903, 
1000. 

Whale  fishing,  668,  733,  893,  1001  ;  bone, 
077 ;  finnes,  606 ;  oyle,  666 ;  teeth, 
00(5 ;  whales,  153,  589,  060. 

Whalebone  Inlet.  459. 

Whalley.  Edward,  868. 

Wharton,  Sir  George,  210,  1049;  Lord, 
1049. 

Wheat,  107.  289,  534,  648,  G61,  742,  800  ; 
Gennea  wheat,  1.58. 

Wheatley,  ;Vhitley,  Thomas,  217,  468, 
771,  1049.  1050. 

Wheeler,  Mary  Ann,  1044 ;  Nicholas, 
1044  ;  Nicholas,  029, 630, 1050 ;  Thomas, 
draper,  223,  10.50. 

Whiddon,  Capt.  Jacob,  23,  977. 

Whistler,  Francis,  gent.,  223,  1050. 

Whitbee,  Robert,  833. 

Whitaker,  Rev.  Alexander,  author,  497, 
500,  547.577-579,-583,  584,  611,  613- 
615,  019-021,  730,  747,  782,  8.52,  904, 
987,  1050;  Laurence,  poet,  etc.,  804; 
Rev.  Dr.  William,  author,  614,  615, 
852,  904,  1017.  1050 ;  Mrs. ,  832. 

Whitbounie  (Capt.  Charles,  1051  ?),  Capt. 
Richard,  author,  804,  1050,  1051. 

Whitcombe,  John,  911,  912. 

White,  Edward,  stationer,  887  ;  Edward, 
962;  Henry,  1051;  Capt.  Henry,  16; 
James,  gent.,  219,  1051;  Jane,  1011; 
John,  Esq.,  1011;  John,  the  Royalist, 
1051 ;  Capt,  John,  artist,  surveyor,  etc., 
14,  18-21.  457,  458,  693,  890,  970, 1051; 
John,  author,  805,  944,  1051  ;  Leon- 
ard, gent,  222,  1051 ;  Mary,  812  ;  Rich- 
ard, 812  ;  Rev.  Thomas,  1048;  Thomas, 
217,  1051 ;  William,  author,  151,  109, 
1051,  1052  ;  William,  1051  ;  Capt.  Wil- 
liam, 1051,  1052 ;  William,  draper, 
10.52. 

White,  Chappel,  282,  283,  287  ;  flag,  128  ; 
sea,  124,  839,  859,  1012. 

WTiite  Hall,  447,  569,  604,  606,  676,  678, 
079,  080,  700;  picture  of,  see  Viss- 
cher's  London. 

Whitley      Sje  Wheatley. 

Wliitlocke  Papers,  318,  384. 

Whitmore,  Elizabeth,  10.52;  Frances, 
1044,  1052  ;  Sir  George,  haberdasher, 
228,  900,  1052  ;  Margaret,  906,  1052  ; 
William.  900.  1044,  1052. 

^Vhitne^,  Francis,  929. 


Whitson.  Miister  John.  Mayor  of  Bristol, 
author,  etc..  20.  400,  907,  9>1,  972, 
1052,  auto.,  1053,  Port.,  1021. 

Whitson's  Bav,  400,  972,  1052. 

Wliitson's  hed,  400,  1052. 

Whittingham,    John,   grocer,    225,    390 ; 

1053  ;   Thomas.  224,  410,  1053. 
Wickham,  Rev.  WiUiam,  782,  1053  ;  Mr. 

,  1053. 

Widdowes,  Richard,  goldsmith,  220, 1053. 

Widdowspay,  Master  Warden,  fish- 
monger, 281. 

Widows  in  the  Virginia  Company,  222, 
4(i8,  .542. 

Wiffin.  David.  805,  1030,  1053 ;  Richard, 
217,  OOO,  (iOl,  10.53. 

Wigmore.  Sir  Richard,  205,  211,  1053. 

Wikes,  Mary.  1031. 

Wilde  (see  Weld).  Robert.  408. 

Wilford.     See  Wilsford. 

Wilkes,  Alice,  983  ;  Edward,  220,  1053  ; 
Oliver,  stationer,  812;   Thomas,  983. 

Wilkins,  Anthony,  merchant-tailor,  .305. 

Wilkinson,  Joane,  939 ;  Mr. ,  982. 

Willeston,  WoUaston,  Hugh,  218,  1053. 

Willet,  Wiliest,  John,  409,  547,  1U53; 
William,  805,  10.53. 

William  and  Mary  College,  890. 

Williams,  Edward,  1000 ;  Grace,  10.55  ; 
Hugh,  1055 ;  Sir  John,  887  ;  Morgan, 
808  ;  Richard,  808  ;  Richard,  merchant- 
tailor,  304 ;  Rev.  Roger,  820,  850 ; 
Rose,  887 ;  Thomas,  887. 

Williamsburg,  879. 

Williamson,  John,  1053 ;  Sir  Richard, 
211,  232,  1053  :  William,  805,  1053. 

Willoughby,  Sir  Francis,  1021 ;  Sir  Hugh, 
825,  839  ;  Margaret,  1021  ;  Sir  Perci- 
val,  390,  400,  543,  1053 ;  Robert,  mer- 
chant-tailor,   304 ;    Capt.    ,    872 ; 

Lord  (see  Bertie). 

Wilmer,  Andrew,  221,  1053 ;  Clement, 
gent.,  222,  1053;  George,  Esq.,  221, 
V»82,  1053. 

Wilmot,  Sir  Charles.  210,  407,  989, 1053, 
1054 ;  Henry,  Earl  of  Rochester,  989, 
1054. 

Wilsford,  Cicely,  991  ;  Sir  Thomas,  991 ; 
Sir  Thomas,  460.  544.  1054. 

Wilson,  Arthur,  historian,  1021  ;  Felix, 
221,  10.54;  George,  827;  Isabella.  890 ; 
Rev.  John,  1030 ;  Robert,  stationer, 
077  ;  Thomas.  Esq.,  214,  249,  407,  509, 

1054  ;  Rev.  William,  896. 

Wilson,  J.  and  Son,  University  Press.  141. 

Wilts,  318,  384. 

Wiltshire,  Bridget,  1054,  1055 ;  Sir  John. 

1054. 
Wimarke,    Wymarke,    Ned,    112,    1064, 

1065. 
Wimbleton,  Viscount.  —  Edward  Cecil. 
Winche,    Wvnche,    Daniel,  grocer,    224, 

.591,  087,  auto  ,  1054. 
Windebank.  Secretary ,  848;  Thomas, 

850. 


1150 


INDEX. 


Windet,  J.,  stationer,  283,  419. 

Windham,  Hugh,  83U. 

Windsor,  IIG,  117,  569. 

Wine,  268,  348,  363,  385,  395.  See 
Grapes,  and  Vines. 

Wingiiekl,  Charles,  1054;  Edward,  1054; 
Sir  Edward-Maria,  1055 ;  Capt.  Ed- 
ward-Maria, author,  47-49,  52,  54,  58- 
60,  62,  63,  77,  108, 142,  151,  168,  170, 
171,  182,  213,  341,  399,  788,  823,  950, 
1007,  1054,  1055,  1061;  Sir  James, 
843,  1054;  Sir  John,  1054;  Sir  Rich- 
ard, 1054,  1055 ;  Richard,  1055 ;  Sir 
Robert,  818,  1055 ;  Thomas-Maria, 
1054  ;  Sir  Thomas-Maria,  1055. 

Winne,  Wynne,  Anne,  842  ;  Edmond,  219, 
306,  468,  1055  ;  Geoige,  merchant-tai- 
lor, 306,  1055  ;  George,  842  ;  Sir  John, 
author,  1055  ;  Capt.  Owen  (see  Gwinne), 
467,  546,  1055;  Capt.  Peter,  178,  201, 
214,  417,  1055;  Sir  Richard,  1055; 
Capt.  Thomas,  213,  1056. 

Winsor,  Mr.  Justin,  xvi. 

Winsor's  Narrative  and  Critical  History 
of  America,  3,  25,  326,  947,  993. 

Winston,  Thomas,  1056 ;  Dr.  Thomas, 
author,  8o5,  830,  1056. 

Winter,  Wintour,  etc.,  Capt.  Edward,  16, 
1056;  Sir  Edward,  1056;  Edward, 
1056;  Frederick,  1056;  Lady  Mary, 
10.56;  Master  Nicholas,  16,  1056; 
Thomas,  poet,  1018  ;  Sir  William,  929  ; 
Sir  William,  4,  6,  1056;  Capt.  Wil- 
liam, 213,  1056. 

Winter  season  in  Virginia,  395,  481,  534, 
584,  586. 

Winthrop,  Adam,  950;  Gov.  John,  913, 
950,  980,  1055. 

Winwood,  Sir  Ralph,  diplomat,  author, 
etc.,  112,  440,  446-450,  5C9,  526,  543, 
757,  770,  783,  784,  870,  871,  884,  889, 
894,  936,  948,  955,  969,  1056,  1057, 
Port,  1031. 

Wirral,  Worrel,  Sir  Hugh,  210,  1057. 

Wiseman,  Mr. ,  982. 

Witch  (Winch  ?),  Dame  Jane,  948. 

Withers,  Wither,  Anthony,  Esq.,  1057 ; 
George,  1057 ;  George,  poet,  1004, 
1026,  1057 ;  John,  469, 1057. 

Withipole,  Withypoole,  Edmund,  1031 ; 
Elizabeth,  1031  ;  Paul.  1031  ;  Paul, 
Esq.,  893. 

Woddall.     See  Woodall. 

Wodehouse,  Anne,  820,  840  ;  Sir  Henry, 
840,  935  ;  Mary,  935. 

Wodenoth,  Arthur,  author,  51,  993, 1057  ; 
Laurence,  890 ;  Mary,  890,  1057. 

Wogan.     See  Woogan. 

Wolf,  Thomas,  merchant-tailor,  .30,5. 

Wollaston,  Willeston,  Hugh,  2 IS,  1053; 
John,  10.53;  William,  1053;  William, 
548,  1053  ;  Capt. ,  1053. 

Wolsey,  Cardinal,  996. 

Wolstenholme,  Catherine,  1058 ;  Henry, 
1057 ;  Henry,  gent.,  547,  1057,  1058 ; 


Joan,  1058 ;  Sir  John,  976 ;  John,  the 
elder,  1057  ;  Sir  John,  215,  232,  388, 
467,  574,  594,  748,  770,  875,  913,  982, 
984,  1015,  1038,  1057,  1058,  1061 ;  Sir 
John,  Jr.,  547,  976,  1038,  1057,  1058 ; 
Thomas,  1057. 

Wolverston,  John,  fishmonger,  281. 

Women,  244,  248,  329,  451,  474,  775, 
801. 

Wood,  Abraham,  830;  Ambrose,  10.59; 
Capt.  Benjamin,  23,  882,  1058;  Ce- 
cily, 886  ;  Sir  John,  884  ;  Magdalen, 
884 ;  Richard,  88() ;  Simon,  merchant- 
tailor,  304  ;  Thomas,  219  ;  Capt. 
Thomas,  214,  1059;  Capt.  Thomas, 
222,  1059 ;  Capt.  ,  329. 

Woodall,  Waddall,  Woddall,  Dr.  John, 
author,  etc,  217,  468,  771,  816,  982, 
1014,  auto.,  1059;  Richard,  1059. 

Woodcock,  Thomas,  merchant-tailor,  .304. 

Woodhouse  (see  Waterhouse),  David, 
Esq.,  214,  467,  829,  1042:  Capt.  Hen- 
ry, 213,  1059;  Capt. ,  213. 

Woodliffe,  John,  gent.,  224,  1059,  1060. 

Woods,  164,  205,  265,  313,  317,  800; 
Wood-dyes,  195,  265 ;  Wood-cutters, 
469  ;  see  Woodmongers'  Company, 
under  London.  See  Timber  and 
Trees. 

Woodville,  Elizabeth,  Queen  consort  of 
Edward  IV.,  1054 ;  Katherine,  Duch- 
ess of  Bedford  and  Buckingham,  1054 ; 
Richard,  Earl  Rivers,  1054. 

Woogan,  Wogan,  Devereux,  468,  547, 
1060. 

Wooller  (see  Waller),  Edward,  merchant- 
tailor,  220,  306,  1060;  John,  mer- 
chant-tailor, 303,  306,  468,  1060. 

WooUey,  Randle,  merchant-tailor,  303. 

Woolwick,  328. 

Worcester,  Henry,  1st  Marquis,  1056. 

Worde,  Wynkyn  de,  printer,  858. 

Workmen,  248,  259,  268,  271,  395,  520, 

W^orley.     See  Worsley. 

Worowocomaeo.     See  Werawocomaco. 

Worrell.     See  Wirrell. 

Worsley,  Sir  Bowyer,  1060;  John, 
breAver,  977  ;  Otwell,  merchant-tailor, 
305 ;  Sir  Richard,  805,  956,  1C60  ; 
Richard,  1(141,  1060;  Thomas,  1060. 

Worthington,  Sir  William,  839  ;  William, 
839. 

Worth's  Devonshire,  quoted,  894,  898. 

W^ortley,  Eleanor,  981,  9S2  ;  Sir  Francis, 
author,  467,  545,  1060;  Sir  Richard, 
982. 

Wotton,  Edward,  first  Baron,  1061  ;  Sir 
Henry,  author,  and  dii)lomat,  543,  ()()5, 
82!>,  "894,  1060,  1061,  Port.,  1041; 
Katherine,  1040 ;  Thomas,  Lord,  679, 
1040,  1061. 

Wrav,  Sir  Christopher,  979 ;  Frances, 
979;  Sir  William,  882. 

Wright,  M. ,  2  ;  Edward  (alias  Care- 
less), author,  mathematician,  etc.,  16, 


INDEX. 


1151 


n76,  926,  1014,  1025,  1057,  1061  ;  John, 
mercer,  211);  John,  stationer,  420, 
4;)5,  1061  ;  Richard.  20 ;  Samuel, 
1061 ;  William,  merchant-tailor,  304. 

Wriothesley,  Henry,  second  Earl  of  South- 
ampton, 105.">,  1061 ;  Henry,  third  Earl 
of  Southampton,  26,  27,  48,  21)9,  2;J1, 
318,  356,  357,  379,  3S4,  3.S8,  465,  528, 
681,  692,  696,  770,  817,  829,  856,  872, 
873,  928,  934,  955,  960,  973,  980,  993, 
1003,  1014,  1015,  1016,  1021,  1028, 
1055,  1061-1063,  Port.,  1051 ;  James, 
Lord.  803,  1061,  1063;  Lady  of  the 
third  Earl,  1028  ;  Maria,  or  Mary,  817, 
1061;  Mary,  1055,  10()1 ;  Penelope, 
1021 ;  Tliomas,  first  Earl  of  Southamp- 
ton, 1061  ;  Thomas,  fourth  Earl  of 
.Southampton,  1063. 

Wrote,  Robert,  1063 ;  Samuel,  805,  982, 
1063. 

Wiothe,  John,  Esq.,  770,  796.  982,  1063, 
1064;  Mabel,  818;  Sir  Robert,  the 
elder,  1063,  1064;  Sir  Robert,  Jr. ,  211, 
4t)7,  1004,  1063,  1064;  Sir  Thomas, 
reformer,  1063  ;  Sir  Thomas  (reform- 
er ?),  818  ;  Thomas  of  the  Inner  Tem- 
ple, 1063,  1064;  Sir  Thomas,  poet, 
etc.,  805,  836,  978,  980,  982,  1063, 
1064. 

Wroug-hton,  Dorothy,  976  ;  Thomas,  976. 

Wyat,  Wyatt,  Wyet,  Anne.  1035;  Sir 
Francis,  governor  of  Virginia,  816,  SS'i, 

891,  921,  933,  956,  995,  1049,  1065; 
George,    Esq.,   891,    996;    Jane,   891, 

892,  996;  Silvester,  23;  Sir  Thomas, 
the  Rebel,  996,  1035  ;  Capt.  Thomas, 
212. 

Wvatt's  insurrection  (1553-54),  1023. 
Wvche,  Sir  Peter,   1064;  Richard,  574, 

i064. 
Wycombe,  769. 
Wyke  Regis,  325. 
Wymart.     See  Wimark. 
Wynche.     See  Winche. 
Wynne.     See  Winne. 
Wynniff,  Nicholas,  merchant-tailor,  304. 
Wynston.     See  Winston. 

Xacan  (see  Axacan),  488,  515,  517,  518, 

947. 
Xatanahane,  488. 

Yale,  David,  9.54. 

Yardley.     See  Yeardley. 

Yarwood  (see  Yerwood),  Richard,  1065. 

Yawtanoone  (Indian  village),  487. 


Yaxley,  Sir  Robert,  545,  1065. 

Yeardley,  Yardley,  Anne,  1065;  Argall, 
(1),  1065;  Argall  (2),  1065;  Argall 
(3),  1065;  Edmond,  1065;  Elizabeth, 
1065  ;  Elizabeth,  1065  ;  Frances,  1065  ; 
Frances,  1065  ;  Col.  Francis,  948,  1065  ; 
Sir  George,  Governor  of  Virginia,  223, 
417,  782,  797,  888,  913,  948,  958,  963, 
970,  1005,  1011,  1021,  1065;  Henry, 
1065;  John,  1065;  John,  1066;  Ralphe, 
1()()5 ;  Ralph,  1065 ;  Rhoda,  1065  ; 
Richard,  814. 

Yelverton,  Sir  Henry,  820,  866. 

Yeoman  in  the  Virginia  Company,  228. 

Yeomans,  Simon,  fishmonger,  228,  281, 
1065. 

Yerwood,  Yarwood,  Richard,  1065. 

York,  Anne,  Duchess  of,  923 ;  Duke  of, 
1038;  Sir  John,  839,  893;  Margaret, 
893  ;  Sir  Richard,  893. 

York  River,  Virginia.     See  Rivers. 

Young,  Yung,  Gregory,  887 ;  Sir  Rich- 
ard, 1004  ;  Mr.  (Richard  ?),  12  ;  Rob- 
ert, stationer,  1059 ;  Susannah,  887  ; 
887  ;  Capt.  Thomas,  887  ;  Capt.  Thom- 
as, Jr.,  887;  Thomas,  1034;  William, 
217,  1065  ;  "  My  Mother  Yunge,"  442 ; 
''Mr.  Yunge  and  his  wife,"  442. 

Yvery,  history  of  the  House  of,  964. 

"  Zachel  Moyses."     See  Tzekely. 

Zanagadoa,  195. 

Zouch,  Zouche,  Sir  Edward,  849;  Sir 
Edward,  805,  1065,  1066;  Edward, 
eleventh  Lord,  209,  231,  676,  811,  824, 
884,  969, 1066,  auto.,  1067,  Port.,  1061 ; 
George,  tenth  Lord,  1066  ;  Sir  John, 
33-35,  42,  113,  969,  auto.,  1067;  Sir 
John's  daughter,  1067 ;  John,  Esq., 
805,  1067  ;  Sophia,  849. 

Zuaiga,  Don  Pedro  de,  Spanish  ambassa- 
dor to  England,  43, 45,  88,  91,  97,  100- 
104,  110,  115,  116,  118-120,  122-124, 
140,  141,  143,  147,  172,  173,  177,  178, 
180,  183,  184,  195,  196,  198,  242,  243, 
248,  249,  254,  258,  259,  310,  311,  324, 
332,  336,  337,  357,  358,  386,  387,  556, 
561  (Flores),  569,  572,  575,  577,  593, 
632.  63(5,  663,  811,  863,  1037,  1048, 
1067,  1068.  1  He  first  asked  audience 
of  James  I.,  in  re  the  Virginia  Colo- 
nies, between  14th  and  29th  of  August, 
1607  (p.  116) ;  a  second  time  ,|  Sep- 
tember (p.  116)  ;  a  third  time  H,  Sep- 
tember (117) ;  and  a  fourth  time,  3d 
October  (p.  118).] 


UNIVERSITY  OF  CALIFORNIA  LIBRARY 

Los  Angeles 

This  book  is  DUE  on  the  last  date  stamped  below. 


JA(^  3  1  19S0 


4^M 


.U4J    ^ 


j^y^ 


\%'o^ 


*'»♦  3  01988^ 
iiEC'D  URL-LO 


'AUG3 


f»!^^nm 


'^ft^/Mo 


MAR 


^-.  ? 


•4 


AUG3  01967 


^     MAY  27  1977 
r(rMAY  1 4  1378 


lilt 


kD-URL    FEB  2  9 


■RENEWAL   MAR  15 


Form  L9-25m-9,'47(A5618)444 


KCD  LD'URl 

JUN  1  8  197S 
SEP  20  191^ 


*fc 


^to 


iS6 


958 


loi^ej 


% 


®(9^ 


crn9/  1987 


^^t^-i 


l9BtC 


yt  \^'^ 


4ix^^ 


-^A 


llllliilllMi  lilll 

3   1158  00097  3^ 


UC  SOUTHERN  REGIONAL  LIBRARY  FACILITY 


AA    001  178  492    3 


J 


