SOURCE HEADER | URL: https://archive.org/download/williambyrdshist00byrd/williambyrdshist00byrd_djvu.txt | Edition: William Byrd's Histories of the Dividing Line betwixt Virginia and North Carolina, ed. William K. Boyd, Raleigh 1929 | Fetched: 2026-09-14 (UTC) by worker B | Raw OCR/plain text, unedited
----

PUBLICATIONS 

OF  THE 

NORTH  CAROLINA  HISTORICAL  COMMISSION 


WILLIAM  BYRD'S  DIVIDING  LINE  HISTORIES 


Digitized  by  the  Internet  Archive 

in  2011  with  funding  from 
State  Library  of  North  Carolina 


http://www.archive.org/details/williambyrdshistOObyrd 


William  Byrd's 

HISTORIES  OF  THE  DIVIDING  LINE 

BETWIXT 

VIRGINIA  AND  NORTH  CAROLINA 


WITH  INTRODUCTION  AND  NOTES 

BY 

William  K.  Boyd,  Ph.D. 

Professor  of  History,  Duke  University 


^P  North  Carolina  State  Library 

0^^  Raleigh 


RALEIGH 

THE  NORTH  CAROLINA  HISTORICAL  COMMISSION 

1929 


G'3 


THE  NORTH  CAROLINA  HISTORICAL  COMMISSION 

Thomas  M.  Pittman,  Chairman 

M.  C.  S.  Noble  Ben  Dixon  MacNeill 

Heriot  Clarkson  Mrs.  Thomas  O'Berry 

A.  R.  Newsome,  Secretary,  Raleigh 


PRESSES    OF 

Eowxnss  &  BnouGHTON  Company 
Raleigh 


To 

M.  E.  B. 


CONTENTS 

Page 

Introduction xi 

Boundaries  of  the  Carolina  Charters xvii 

The  Histories 1 

First  Pages  of  the  Dividing  Line  Manuscripts 1 

Byrd's  Lands  of  the  Carouna  Frontier  ("Land  of  Eden") 268 

Surveyor's  Map  of  the  Dividing  Line 321 

Appendix  to  The  History  of  the  Dividing  Line 332 


INTRODUCTION 
I 

William  Byrd's  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  betwixt  Virginia 
and  North  Carolina  has  long  been  regarded  as  a  classic  of  the 
colonial  period  of  American  literature,  an  invaluable  source  for 
the  social  history  of  that  time,  and  a  comprehensive  and  depend- 
able account  of  the  first  successful  effort  to  establish  the  boundary 
between  North  Carolina  and  Virginia.  This  estimate,  however, 
must  be  revised.  Only  the  literary  merits  of  the  work  can  with- 
stand criticism.  Undoubtedly  Byrd  was  a  cosmopolitan  "writer 
of  quality,"  worthy  of  a  place  among  the  wits  of  the  eighteenth 
century  coffee  houses.  In  all  other  respects,  the  History  of  the 
Dividing  Line  must  be  accepted  with  reservations.  As  a  descrip- 
tion of  the  frontier  region  along  the  Virginia-Carolina  border  its 
general  tone  is  true  to  nature;  but  certain  details  leave  on  the  mind 
of  the  reader  misconceptions  regarding  conditions  and  policies  in 
North  Carolina.  Moreover,  as  an  account  of  the  survey  of  the 
boundary  line,  it  omits  certain  factors  that  were  vital  in  shaping 
the  results. 

An  important  reason  for  such  a  revision  of  judgment  is  the  fact 
that  Byrd  wrote  another  account  of  the  survey  which  he  called 
The*Secret  History  of  the  Line,  hitherto  unpublished,  which  gives 
a  different  impression  concerning  the  work  of  the  boundary  com- 
mission than  the  History  of  the  Dividing  Line.  A  comparison  of 
the  two  works  reveals  the  following  divergencies. 

First  of  all,  the  principal  characters  appear  in  the  Secret  History 
under  the  guise  of  fictitious  names.  Thus  Byrd  himself  is 
"Steddy,"  his  fellow-commissioners  of  Virginia,  William  Dand- 
ridge  and  Richard  Fitz- William,  are  "Meanwell"  and  "Firebrand," 
and  the  Virginia  surveyors,  Alexander  Irvine  and  William  Mayo, 
are  "Orion"  and  "Astrolabe";  likewise  the  North  Carolina  com- 
missioners, Chief  Justice  Gale,  Edward  Moseley,  John  Lovick  and 
William  Little,  are  respectively  "Judge  Jumble,"  "Plausible," 
"Shoebrush"  and  "Puzzlecause,"  while  Samuel  Swann,  the  North 
Carolina  surveyor,  is  denominated  "Bo-otes."  The  chaplain.  Rev. 
Peter  Fountain  (Fontaine)  is  "Dr.  Humdrum."    The  use  of  these 


xii  .  William  Byrd's  Histories 

fictitious  names  gives  to  the  Secret  History  a  certain  air  of  mystery 
and  makes  easy  the  expression  of  opinions  regarding  its  leading 
personalities.  It  is  not  surprising,  therefore,  that  the  Secret  His- 
tory contains  considerable  information  regarding  the  expedition 
which  is  not  contained  in  the  History  of  the  Dividing  Line. 

This  new  information  centers  mainly  around  two  personalities, 
Richard  Fitz-William  and  Alexander  Irvine.  The  former  was  a 
royal  official,  being  Surveyor-General  of  Customs  for  the  Southern 
Colonies,  and  between  him  and  Byrd  there  was  a  strong  antipathy. 
Fitz-William  was  tardy  in  joining  the  expedition,  for  which  he 
made  no  apology,  and  he  soon  found  cause  to  encourage  dissension 
which  had  its  origin  in  the  personality  and  labors  of  Irvine,  the 
Virginia  surveyor,  who  was  also  professor  of  Mathematics  at  Wil- 
liam and  Mary.  Irvine  seems  to  have  been  a  man  with  a  certain 
literalness  of  mind,  without  a  sense  of  humor  or  that  spirit  of 
comradeship  so  valuable  when  men  confront  the  wilds  of  nature. 
Byrd  certainly  had  little  respect  for  his  ability.  In  the  very  begin- 
ning of  the  survey,  he  aroused  Byrd's  distrust  by  relying  more  on 
the  North  Carolina  surveyors  than  his  Virginia  colleague,  William 
Mayo,  in  correcting  the  readings  of  his  instruments.  This  placed 
the  Virginia  surveyors  at  odds,  and  Fitz-William  supported 
Irvine;  in  the  language  of  Byrd,  "Firebrand  took  all  occasion  to 
set  Orion  above  Astrolabe."  A  definite  breach  was  not  long  in 
developing.  On  March  22,  the  surveyors  emerged  from  the  Dismal 
Swamp  and  Byrd  sent  forward  the  horse  of  William  Mayo  in 
order  that  Mayo  might  ride  into  camp.  At  the  same  time  Fitz- 
William  ordered  a  Virginian  member  of  the  party  to  send  a  horse 
for  Irvine.  To  this  there  was  a  point-blank  refusal,  whereupon 
Fitz-William  easily  persuaded  one  of  the  North  Carolinians  to 
lend  a  horse  for  the  purpose.  The  climax  came  some  days  later 
when  Irvine  resented  what  he  believed  to  be  insubordination  by 
one  of  the  Virginia  party;  and  when  Fitz-William  urged  Byrd  to 
discipline  the  man,  he  refused.  "After  this  misfortune,"  says 
Byrd,  "to  be  formally  civil  was  as  much  as  we  could  afford  to  be 
to  one  another."  A  week  later,  on  April  1,  there  was  a  stormy 
interview  because  Fitz-William  objected  to  the  presence  among  the 
surveyors  of  Joseph  Mayo,  a  brother  of  William  Mayo,  and  again 
complained  of  the  rudeness  shown  to  Irvine;  but  Byrd  was  ob- 
durate.   Fitz-William  then  went  visiting  with  John  Lovick,  one  of 


Introduction  xiii 

the  North  Carolina  commissioners;  "and,"  adds  Byrd,  "his  going 
off  was  not  less  pleasing  to  us  than  the  going  off  of  a  fever." 

In  all  this  a  likely  contributing  factor  was  that  Fitz-William,  as 
a  royal  official  of  the  customs,  had  been  admitted  to  the  Executive 
Council  of  North  Carolina  and  was  probably  in  sympathy  with  the 
North  Carolina  contention  regarding  the  boundary.  Certainly  he 
was  not  in  sympathy  with  Virginia's  policy  of  excluding  North 
Carolina  tobacco  from  her  ports.  Alexander  Irvine,  also,  because 
he  was  a  professor  in  William  and  Mary,  was  a  protege  of  Com- 
missary James  Blair,  for  whom  Byrd  had  little  fondness.  Fitz- 
William,  on  the  other  hand,  seems  to  have  been  on  good  terms  with 
both  Irvine  and  Blair;  according  to  Byrd  it  was  through  Irvine's 
efforts  that  Fitz-William  was  appointed  one  of  the  boundary  com- 
missioners. 

When  Byrd  called  on  Governor  Gooch  during  the  suspension 
of  the  survey  in  the  summer  of  1728,  he  found  that  Fitz-William 
and  Irvine  had  complained  to  the  Governor  concerning  his  attitude 
toward  Irvine,  and  had  criticised  the  ability  of  William  Mayo 
as  a  surveyor.  In  this  they  were  supported  by  the  North  Carolina 
commissioners,  who  had  sent  to  Gooch  letters  commending  Fitz- 
William  and  Irvine.  Fitz-William  also  refused  to  sign  Byrd's  re- 
port of  the  survey  until  he  learned  that  it  was  to  be  sent  to  England. 
He  secretly  supported  a  demand  of  the  Carolina  commissioners 
that  the  date  for  the  resumption  of  the  survey  be  September  10, 
instead  of  September  20. 

Thus  in  the  summer  of  1728  there  was  a  well-defined  cleavage 
among  the  Virginia  commissioners;  Byrd,  William  Dandridge, 
and  Surveyor  Mayo  composing  one  faction,  Fitz-William  and 
Irvine  the  other.  According  to  the  Secret  History,  Governor  Gooch 
was  easily  persuaded  to  support  the  former.  Certainly,  when 
preparations  were  made  to  resume  the  survey,  a  decision  favor- 
able to  Byrd  was  reached.  Fitz-William  objected  to  the  employ- 
ment of  as  many  men  for  the  expedition  as  Byrd  desired;  where- 
upon Byrd  definitely  asked  to  be  relived  of  further  participa- 
tion in  the  survey  and  consented  to  continue  in  the  work  only  when 
he  was  made  official  head  of  the  Virginia  commission  with  the 
full  quota  of  men  he  had  recommended.  With  Byrd  thus  exercising 
definite  authority,  there  was  less  friction  in  the  last  than  the  earlier 
stage  of  the  survey.     Fitz-William,  however,  consorted  with  the 


xiv  William  Byrd's  Histories 

North  Carolina  members  of  the  expedition,  and  when  on  October 
5,  they  proposed  to  Byrd  a  suspension  of  the  survey,  Fitz- William 
became  their  advocate.  Indeed,  a  discussion  of  the  proposal  on 
the  part  of  Byrd,  Fitz- William,  and  Dandridge  almost  resulted  in 
a  broil.  Finally,  when  the  North  Carolina  members  left  the  ex- 
pedition, Fitz-William  returned  to  Williamsburg.  The  North 
Carolina  commissioners,  in  recognition  of  his  sympathy  with 
their  contentions,  named  on  their  map  of  the  survey  that  tributary 
of  the  Dan  now  known  as  the  Banister,  Fitz-William  River,  while 
the  Virginia  commissioners,  strange  to  say,  left  no  tracing  of  the 
stream  on  their  map,  which  was  prepared  by  Surveyor  Mayo. 

The  Secret  History  also  relates  a  number  of  incidents  not  men- 
tioned in  the  History  of  the  Dividing  Line.  Notable  are  those 
which  illustrate  the  attitude  of  the  men  of  the  expedition  toward 
the  women  of  the  frontier.  Byrd  himself  had  an  eye  for  feminine 
charms,  but  he  also  had  the  restraint  proper  in  one  of  his  station. 
This  was  not  true  of  certain  others,  including  some  of  the  com- 
missioners. Six  times  insult  or  violence  to  women  occurred.  Such 
conduct  Byrd  always  took  pains  to  prevent  and  always  he  con- 
demned it.  These  incidents  of  violence  illustrate  a  lack  of  dis- 
cipline and  control  due,  no  doubt,  to  the  cleavage  between  Byrd 
and  Fitz-William.  All  accounts  of  them  are  omitted  in  the  His- 
tory of  the  Dividing  Line. 

Finally,  in  the  Secret  History  are  included  a  number  of  letters, 
addresses,  and  other  documents  which  are  missing  in  the  text  of 
the  History  of  the  Dividing  Line.  These  consist  of  three  letters 
exchanged  by  the  North  Carolina  and  Virginia  commissioners  (two 
drafted  by  the  former  and  one  by  tlie  latter),  five  speeches  of 
Byrd  (four  delivered  to  the  men  of  the  expedition  and  one  to  the 
Virginia  Council),  the  protest  of  the  North  Carolina  commis- 
sioners against  a  continuance  of  the  survey  and  the  reply  of  Byrd 
(which  are  in  the  appendix  of  the  History  of  the  Dividing  Line), 
and  a  detailed  schedule  indicating  the  distances  from  place  to  place 
in  the  territory  traversed  by  the  commissioners. 

So  much  for  the  Secret  History;  in  contrast  is  the  History  of 
the  Dividing  Line,  of  twice  the  length.  It  contains  much  informa- 
tion not  included  in  the  Secret  History.  This  consists  mainly  of 
a  sketch  of  English  colonization  in  America,  descriptions  of  the 
region  traversed  by  the  surveying  expedition,  including  its  fauna 


Introduction  xv 

and  flora,  the  customs  of  the  Indians  and  the  life  of  the  pioneers, 
and  characterizations  of  North  Carolina  and  its  people.  Of  these 
contrasts  between  the  two  works,  none  is  more  impressive  than  their 
respective  attitudes  toward  North  Carolina.  The  Secret  History 
contains  but  one  unfavorable  criticism  of  the  people  of  the  colony, 
while  such  reflections  are  so  numerous  and  so  piquant  in  the  History 
of  the  Dividing  Line  as  to  be  one  of  its  principal  characteristics.  The 
indolence  of  the  North  Carolinians,  their  lack  of  religion,  their  dis- 
respect for  government,  and  their  poverty — ^these  traits  so  freely 
described  in  the  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  are  not  mentioned 
in  the  Secret  History.  Likewise  Edenton,  a  place  which  comes  in 
for  satirical  remarks  in  the  History  of  the  Dividing  Line,  is  barely 
mentioned  in  the  Secret  History,  and  apparently  Byrd  never 
visited  the  town.  In  fact,  the  single  unfavorable  reflection  on 
North  Carolina  common  to  both  documents  is  that  the  people  eat 
so  much  swine's  flesh  as  to  injure  their  dispositions. 

These  contrasts  of  the  two  works  raise  questions  of  origins  and 
literary  history.  Concerning  the  former  the  evidence  is  mainly 
internal.  A  comparison  of  manuscripts  reveals  a  common  pen- 
manship, but  not  that  of  William  Byrd  himself;  and  on  the  first 
page  of  the  Secret  History  is  written  the  name  Nancy  Byrd,  who 
was  probably  Byrd's  daughter,  Anne  (1725-1757).^  As  the 
History  of  the  Dividing  Line  is  twice  the  length  of  The  Secret  His- 
tory, it  is  logical  to  believe  that  the  latter  was  the  first  to  be  com- 
posed and  that  as  the  title  indicates,  it  was  intended  only  for  a 
select  few,  and  that  the  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  was  written  at 
a  later  date  for  a  wider  audience.  Supporting  such  a  conclusion 
are  letters  of  Byrd  written  in  1736  and  1737.  Peter  Collison, 
then  in  England,  heard  of  Byrd's  journal  of  the  survey  and  wrote 
him  asking  for  a  copy.^  Byrd  in  his  reply  stated  that  he  was  at 
work  on  a  complete  history  of  the  expedition.  Mark  Catesby  saw 
a  copy  of  the  journal  and  wrote  Byrd  a  complimentary  note;  Byrd 
replied  in  1737  that  he  had  not  finished  the  history,  but  according 
to  another  letter  to  Collison  in  July  1737,  he  expected  to  com- 
plete it  the  following  winter;  and  as  he  intended  to  describe  some 
of  the  wild  animals  of  the  frontier,  he  requested  Collison  to  make 


^  Nancy  is  a  vulgarized  form  of  Anne. 

"  Byrd's  journal  and  survey  notes   (transcribed  from  the  records  of  the  Board  of 
Trade)  are  published  in  the  Colonial  Records  of  North  Carolina,  vol.  II,  pp.  750,  799. 


xvi  William  Byrd's  Histories 

arrangements  for  some  plates.^  From  these  facts  it  is  probable 
that  Byrd  finished  the  work  mentioned  early  in  1738  and  evidently 
he  intended  publication.  As  the  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  con- 
tains much  information  regarding  the  state  of  civilization  on  the 
frontier  and  none  regarding  the  dissension  between  Byrd  and  Fitz- 
William,  it  is  very  probable  that  it  is  the  work  referred  to  in  the 
correspondence  with  Collison  and  Catesby. 

The  preservation  of  the  two  manuscripts  harmonizes  with  their 
literary  divergences.  The  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  passed 
into  the  hands  of  Mrs.  Mary  Willing  Byrd,  William  Byrd's  daugh- 
ter-in-law, who  gave  it  to  her  grandson,  George  Harrison,  of  Bran- 
don. At  Brandon  it  remained  until  recently  and  at  this  writing  it 
is  in  the  custody  of  a  New  York  trust  company.  It  was  first  pub- 
lished in  1841;"*  a  second  edition  appeared  in  1866;"  and  a  third 
in  1901.^  Meanwhile,  at  some  time  and  by  some  process  unknown, 
the  Secret  History  of  the  Line  was  transferred  to  Philadelphia  and 
was  there  deposited  with  the  American  Philosophical  Society. 
Although  Lyman  C.  Draper  called  attention  to  the  existence  of  the 
Secret  History  in  1851,^^  it  has  not  hitherto  been  published; 
through  the  courtesy  of  the  Philosophical  Society  it  is  now  given 
publicity.  In  this  connection  it  is  pertinent  to  recall  that  Byrd's 
library  was  sold  in  Philadelphia  in  1778  and  that  Mrs.  Mary 
Willing  Byrd,  his  daughter-in-law,  was  a  native  of  Philadelphia; 
either  by  sale  or  by  act  of  Mary  Willing  Byrd,  the  manuscript 
probably  reached  that  city. 

II 

The  boundary  controversy  which  it  was  the  duty  of  Byrd  and 
his  associates  to  settle,  had  long  been  a  source  of  irritation  to  the 


^  Regarding  this  correspondence,  see  the  Introduction  to  Bassett's  Writings  of 
Colonel  William  Byrd,  Ixxix. 

*The  Westover  Manuscripts;  containing  the  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  betudxt 
Virginia  and  North  Carolina,  etc.  Petersburg,  1841.  Edmund  Ruffin  disclosed  the 
manuscripts  and  was  the  publisher. 

^History  of  the  Dividing  Line  and  other  notes,  from  the  papers  of  Wm.  Byrd,  of 
Westover,  in  Virginia,  Esquire,  2  vols.  Richmond,  1866.  Thomas  H.  Wynne  was  the 
editor. 

'  The  Writings  of  "Colonel  William  Byrd  in  Virginia,  Esq."  Edited  by  John 
Spencer  Bassett.     New  York,  1901. 

'  See  "The  Westover  Library,"  by  Charles  Campbell  ( Virginia  Historical  Register, 
vol.  IV,  p.  87)  in  which  a  communication  from  Draper  regarding  the  Westover  Manu- 
scripts is  quoted. 


Introduction  xvii 

governments  of  North  Carolina  and  Virginia.  Its  origin  is  found 
in  the  terms  of  the  Carolina  charters.  That  of  1663  declared 
the  northern  boundary  of  the  colony  to  be  36°,  but  by  the  second 
charter  the  boundary  was  declared  to  run  "from  the  north  end 
of  Currituck  river  or  inlet  upon  a  strait  westerly  line  to  Weya- 
noke  Creek  which  lies  within  or  about  the  degrees  of  36  and 
thirty  minutes  northern  latitude ;  and  as  far  west,  in  the  direct  line, 
as  far  as  the  south  seas."  Thus  a  strip  of  land  approximately 
thirty  miles  wide  was  added  to  Carolina.  Living  therein  were 
people  holding  land  grants  from  Virginia;  in  fact  the  region  in- 
cluded all  of  the  Albemarle  section  of  Carolina.  Until  the  bound- 
ary was  officially  established  in  accordance  with  the  provisions  of 
the  second  charter,  a  conflict  of  jurisdiction  between  North  Caro- 
lina and  Virginia  was  inevitable.  That  conflict  began  in  1680 
when  certain  people  on  the  border  lands  refused  any  longer  to 
pay  the  Virginia  quit  rents,  although  their  titles  were  from  the  Vir- 
ginia land  office;  thereupon  the  Sheriff"  of  Lower  Norfolk  County 
was  ordered  by  the  Virginia  Council  to  collect  the  rents.  The 
matter  came  to  the  attention  of  the  Lords  Proprietors  and  in  1681 
they  petitioned  the  Committee  for  Trade  and  Plantations  that 
Virginia  be  instructed  to  appoint  a  commission  to  act  with  repre- 
sentatives of  North  Carolina  in  establishing  the  boundary  as 
described  in  the  charter  of  1665.  To  this  petition  no  reply  is  ex- 
tant. Doubtless  none  was  made,  for  at  that  time  the  question  of 
vacating  all  the  proprietary  charters  was  under  serious  consider- 
ation by  the  British  authorities. 

In  1688  there  is  again  evidence  of  conflicting  jurisdiction.  The 
people  around  Currituck  Inlet  complained  to  the  Virginia  au- 
thorities that  North  Carolina  officials  were  distraining  on  their 
property  for  taxes.  Thereupon  the  Virginia  Council  informed  His 
Majesty's  Government  that  North  Carolina  was  extending  its  juris- 
diction beyond  the  line  36°,  the  boundary  named  in  the  first 
charter,  so  manifesting  ignorance  regarding  the  boundary  des- 
cribed in  the  second  charter.  Again  there  is  no  record  of  any 
action  by  the  British  authorities,  and  conflicts  over  jurisdiction 
continued.  In  1697  the  Lords  Proprietors  sent  to  Deputy  Gov- 
ernor Harvey  a  copy  of  the  charter  of  1665,  which  they  hoped 
would  enable  him  to  convince  the  Virginia  authorities  of  the 
legality  of  North  Carolina's  jurisdiction  over  the  area  in  dispute. 


xviii  William  Byrd's  Histories 

Two  years  later  Harvey  received  from  His  Majesty's  Govern- 
ment an  order  in  council  that  a  commission  be  appointed  to  survey 
and  establish  the  Virginia  boundary.  Thereupon  Harvey  ap- 
pointed Daniel  Akehurst  and  Henderson  Walker  as  commissioners 
on  the  part  of  North  Carolina.  They,  in  due  time,  journeyed  to 
Williamsburg  and  laid  before  the  Virginia  Council  their  instruc- 
tions. But  that  body  proved  to  be  recalcitrant;  it  refused  to  co- 
operate on  the  ground  that  Harvey  was  not  legally  Governor,  be- 
cause his  appoinment  to  office  had  not  been  approved  by  the  Crown, 
which  approval  was  required  under  act  of  Parliament  of  1696, 
and  therefore  any  findings  or  decisions  reached  by  a  commission 
appointed  by  him  would  not  be  conclusive;  and  this  view  of  the 
Virginia  Council  was  approved  by  the  Lords  of  Trade.  The  real 
motive  behind  the  Virginia  policy  was  perhaps  a  hope  that  the 
Crown  might  purchase  Carolina  and  so  restore  the  territory  that 
had  been  lost.  Such  a  policy  was  recommended  to  the  Lords  of 
Trade  by  Governor  Nicholson  in  1701. 

Thus  far  Virginia  had  ignored  the  claims  of  North  Carolina  and 
sought  means  to  avoid  any  survey  or  settlement  of  the  dispute. 
But  in  1705  this  policy  was  reversed.  In  that  year  the  House  of 
Burgesses  adopted  resolutions  that  some  provision  should  be  made 
to  establish  the  line  between  the  two  colonies  and  that  a  commis- 
sion be  appointed  to  cooperate  with  North  Carolina  to  that  end. 
This  was  agreed  to  by  the  Virginia  Council,  but  that  body  also 
decided  that  a  secret  survey  should  be  made  before  negotiations 
were  opened  with  North  Carolina  in  order  to  estimate  how  much 
territory  might  be  lost  and  to  secure  the  affidavits  of  old  residents 
regarding  the  location  of  Weyanoke  Creek,  the  final  point  named 
in  the  Carolina  charter  of  1665  from  which  the  boundary  was 
to  extend  westward.  The  North  Carolina  authorities  doubtless 
heard  of  this  action,  for  soon  it  was  reported  in  Virginia  that  North 
Carolina  surveyors  were  running  a  boundary  line  and  taking  dep- 
ositions. The  Virginia  Council  also  made  representations  to  the 
Lords  of  Trade  regarding  the  encroachments  of  North  Carolina  land 
grants  on  grants  issued  by  the  Virginia  land  office.  In  1709  the  Lords 
recommended  that  a  joint  commission  representing  Virginia  and 
North  Carolina  be  appointed  to  survey  and  establish  the  boundary. 
This  recommendation  was  favorably  received;  Edward  Moseley 
and  John  Lawson  were  duly  appointed  by  the  North  Carolina 


Introduction  xix 

authorities  and  Nathaniel  Harrison  and  Philip  Ludwell  by  the 
Virginia  Council.  This  commission  undertook  the  task  assigned 
in  1710,  but  the  results  were  unsatisfactory.  This  was  due  to 
the  obstructionary  tactics  of  the  North  Carolina  commissioners. 
It  was  hard  for  the  Virginia  commissioners  to  arrange  a  meet- 
ing with  them;  they  quibbled  over  the  official  instructions,  sought 
to  confuse  old  residents  of  the  territory  in  question  who  were 
called  upon  to  make  depositions,  found  fault  with  the  readings 
of  the  instruments  of  the  Virginia  commissioners;  and  so  prevented 
any  definite  conclusion  of  the  survey.  Such  tactics  were  attributed 
by  the  Virginia  Commissioners  to  the  fact  that  Moseley  was 
secretly  taking  out  land  grants  in  the  disputed  region;  but  a  better 
explanation  is  found  in  the  central  contention  of  the  surveyors, 
the  location  of  Weyanoke  Creek,  from  which  the  boundary  was 
to  extend  westward.  This  stream  had  lost  its  original  name,  and 
consequently  there  was  difficulty  in  locating  it.  The  Virginia  com- 
missioners claimed  that  it  was  identical  with  Wicocon  Creek,  a 
tributary  of  the  Chowan  River,  in  the  lower  part  of  Hertford 
County;  the  North  Carolinians,  that  it  was  the  Nottoway  River.  The 
instruments  of  the  Virginia  surveyors — the  only  instruments  used 
by  the  Commissioners — gave  a  reading  of  36°  40'  on  Wicocon 
Creek  and  one  of  37°  at  Nottoway  River.  These  readings  gave 
support  to  the  Virginia  contention,  but  it  is  interesting  to  find  that 
Byrd  in  1728  confessed  that  the  instruments  used  in  1710  were 
defective.  However,  it  was  not  merely  the  additional  land  that 
would  be  secured  by  starting  the  line  at  Nottoway  River  which  in- 
terested the  North  Carolina  Commissioners;  there  was  also  the 
question  of  tobacco  and  commerce.  As  early  as  1679  Virginia 
had  prohibited  the  importation  of  North  Carolina  tobacco,  a  con- 
dition which  greatly  retarded  the  economic  development  of  the 
northeastern  part  of  the  province,  where  the  soil  was  well  adapted 
to  tobacco  culture.  If  the  boundary  ran  through  Nottoway  River, 
the  North  Carolina  tobacco  could  be  shipped  down  that  and  other 
streams  to  Albemarle  Sound  and  thence  to  points  without  the 
colony.  Indeed,  the  possibility  of  North  Carolina  tobacco  being 
exported  without  the  payment  of  export  duties  was  pointed  out 
to  the  Crown  by  the  Virginia  authorities  in  1688  as  an  argument 
for  holding  the  boundary  at  the  line  36°,  and  when  in  1728  the 
line  was  finally  established  as  running  by  way  of  Nottoway  River, 


XX  William  Byrd's  Histories 

the  North  Carolina  commissioners  expressed  one  regret — a  regret 
that  it  did  not  rmi  a  little  further  northward,  across  Nansemond 
River,  which  would  have  given  the  colony  water  transportation  to 
Chesapeake  Bay,  and  thereby  Virginia  would  not  have  been  able 
to  enforce  her  laws  against  the  importation  of  North  Carolina 
tobacco. 

The  year  1714  marked  the  beginning  of  the  last  phase  of  the 
controversy.  Governor  Spotswood  of  Virginia,  claiming  that 
North  Carolina  continued  to  grant  lands  in  the  disputed  region, 
and  that  "loose  and  disorderly  people  daily  flock  there,"  proposed 
that  Virginia  survey  a  line  through  Nottoway  River  and  North 
Carolina  one  through  Wicocon  Creek,  and  that  all  settlers  between 
these  lines  be  removed.  Indeed,  he  went  so  far  as  to  lay  off  a 
line  through  Nottoway  River  and,  when  North  Carolina  did  not 
establish  one  through  Wicocon  he  threatened  to  do  so  and  to 
remove  the  intervening  settlers.  At  this  juncture  a  new  governor 
appeared  in  North  Carolina,  Charles  Eden.  In  1715  he  reached 
an  agreement  with  Spotswood,  a  compromise  by  which  the  bound- 
ary was  to  be  established  as  follows:  Beginning  on  the  North 
shore  of  the  mouth  of  Currituck  River  or  Inlet,  it  should  run  due 
west;  if  it  happened  to  cross  Chowan  River  between  the  mouth  of 
tlie  Nottoway  and  Wicocon  Creek,  that  course  should  be  continued 
westward  to  the  mountains;  or  if  it  cut  the  Chowan  south  of  Wico- 
con it  should  be  diverted  up  the  Chowan  to  Wicocon  and  thence 
westward;  on  the  other  hand,  if  it  reached  Blackwater  River,  a 
stream  north  of  the  Nottoway,  it  should  be  diverted  down  that 
stream  to  the  middle  entrance  of  the  Nottoway  and  thence  on  to  the 
mountains.  This  proposal  was  referred  to  the  Lords  Proprietors 
and  to  the  Crown  for  their  consideration.  News  of  its  approval  by 
the  Lords  Proprietors  reached  North  Carolina  in  1724  and  a  com- 
mission of  four  was  promptly  appointed  to  make  the  survey.  But 
there  was  delay  in  approval  by  the  crown  officials,  for  reasons  un- 
known; not  until  March,  1727,  did  the  Privy  Council  sanction  the 
compromise.  Consequently,  in  1728  a  new  commission  was  ap- 
pointed by  Governor  Everard  of  North  Carolina,  consisting  of 
Christopher  Gale,  Edward  Moseley,  William  Little,  and  John 
Lovick.  The  Virginia  authorities  appointed  William  Byrd,  Wil- 
liam Dandridge,  and  Richard  Fitz- William.  To  act  with  these 
commissioners  were  the  surveyors,  Alexander  Irvine  and  William 


Introduction  xxi 

Mayo  for  the  Virginians,  and  Samuel  Swann  and  Edward  Moseley 
(also  a  Commissioner)  for  those  of  North  Carolina.^ 

The  preparations  of  the  commissioners  for  the  survey  were  in 
keeping  with  the  temper  of  the  people  and  the  governments  they 
represented.     The  Virginians  undertook  their  task  in  a  true  gala 
spirit,  full  of  pride,  and  assuming  to  set  standards  for  the  expedi- 
tion.    "It  is  very  proper  to  acquaint  you  in  what  manner  we 
intend  to  come  provided,"  they  wrote  to  the  North  Carolina  Com- 
missioners, "that  so  you.  Gentlemen,  who  are  appointed  in  this 
same  station,  may  if  you  please  do  the  same  honor  to  Your  gov- 
ernment.    We  shall  have  a  Tent  with  us  and  a  Marquis  for  the 
convenience  of  ourselves  and  our  Servants.    We  shall  be  provided 
with  as  much  Wine  and  Rum  as  will  enable  us  and  our  men  to 
drink  every  Night  to  the  Success  of  the  following  Day,  and  be- 
cause we  understand  there  are  many  Gentiles  on  your  frontier 
who  never  had  an  opportunity  of  being  Baptised  we  shall  have  a 
Chaplain  to  make  them  Christians.     For  this  Purpose  we  intend 
to  rest  in  our  Camp  every  Sunday  that  there  may  be  leisure  for  so 
good  a  work.     And  whoever  of  your  Province  shall  be  desirous 
of  novelty  may  report  on  Sundays  to  our  Tent  and  hear  a  Sermon. 
Of  this  you  may  please  give  Public  notice  that  the  Charitable  In- 
tentions of  this  Government  may  meet  with  the  happier  Success."^ 
To  this  patronizing  information  the  North  Carolina  Commis- 
sioners aptly  replied:  "we  are  at  a  Loss  Gentlemen  whether  to 
thank  you  for  the  particulars  you  give  us  of  your  Tent  Stores  and 
the  manner  you  design  to  meet  us.     Had  you  been  Silent  about  it 
we  had  not  wanted  an  Excuse  for  not  meeting  you  in  the  same 
manner  but  now  you  force  us  to  expose  the  nakedness  of  our 
Country  and  to  tell  you  we  can't  possibly  meet  you  in  the  manner 
our  great  respect  to  you  would  make  us  glad  to  do  whom  we  are 
not  Emulous  of  outdoing  unless  in  Care  and  Diligence  in  the  affair 
we  come  to  meet  you  about.     So  all  we  can  answer  to  that  article 
is  that  we  will  endeavor  to  provide  as  well  as  Circumstances  of 
things  will  permit" ;  and  then  they  added,  with  irony  barely  veiled, 
"What  we  may  want  in  necessaries  we  hope  will  be  made  up  in 


®  The  documents  and  ofl5cial  records  relating  to  this  boundary  controversy  may  be 
found  in  the  Colonial  Records  of  North  Carolina  (vols.  I-III)  and  the  Executive 
Journal  of  the  Council  of  Colonial  Virginia  (vols.  I,  II) . 

"  Secret  History,  p.  21 ;  Colonial  Records  of  North  Carolina  II,  p.  735. 


xxii  William  Byrd's  Histories 

Spiritual  Comfort  we  expect  from  Your  Chaplain  of  whom  we 
shall  give  notice  as  you  desire  to  all  lovers  of  novelty  and  doubt 
not  of  a  great  many  Boundary  Christians."^" 

After  the  preliminary  correspondence  the  Commissioners  met  at 
Currituck  Inlet  on  March  5,  1728,  which  they  found  to  be  in 
Latitude  36  degrees,  31  minutes.  Quite  naturally  the  work  began 
with  a  dispute.  The  official  instructions  of  the  Virginia  Com- 
missioners empowered  them  to  carry  the  survey  to  a  conclusion 
in  case  the  North  Carolina  Commissioners  should  delay  or  refuse 
their  cooperation.  To  the  North  Carolina  Commissioners  this 
seemed  "too  lordly  and  Positive";  there  was  no  intimation  of  such 
power  in  their  instructions  and  it  seemed  to  give  the  Virginians  the 
whip  hand.  The  bluff  reply  to  their  criticism  was  that  the  Virginia 
Boundary  Commission  of  1710  had  been  required  to  do  its  work 
in  conjunction  with  the  North  Carolina  Commission,  which  had, 
by  obstructive  tactics,  prevented  any  definite  results,  and  that  this 
should  not  happen  again. 

Then  arose  the  question  of  the  points  from  which  the  line  should 
start.  The  Virginians  claimed  that  it  should  be  the  Spit  of  Sand 
on  the  North  Shore  of  Currituck  Inlet,  the  North  Carolinians  a 
point  of  high  ground  200  yards  beyond;  in  the  end  the  Virginians 
yielded,  after  they  learned  that  the  Spit  of  Sand  had  advanced  in 
recent  years  toward  the  Inlet.  A  cedar  post  was  then  erected  and 
from  it  a  course  due  westward  was  taken.  Across  rivers  and  is- 
lands, over  creeks  and  marshes,  through  wild  lands  and  some 
settled  areas,  the  party  proceeded  until  on  March  14  the  Dismal 
Swamp  was  reached.  Here  was  the  supreme  challenge  of  the 
survey.  No  one  knew  of  the  extent  of  the  Dismal,  none  had  pene- 
trated its  vast  recesses.  The  surveyors  and  twelve  assistants  under- 
took its  exploration,  the  commissioners  and  the  remaining  mem- 
bers of  the  expedition  finding  their  way  around  it.  By  the  four- 
teenth day  thereafter,  on  March  28,  the  Dismal  had  been  crossed 
and  the  two  sections  of  the  party  were  again  united.  Eight  days 
later,  due  to  fatigue  from  six  weeks  in  the  wilderness  and  because 
spring  was  well  advanced,  the  survey  was  suspended  until  autumn. 
The  Line  had  been  carried  as  far  west  as  the  Meherrin  River,  a 


^°  The  phrase  "to  all  Lovers  of  Novelty"  is  in  the  letter  as  printed  in  the  Colonial 
Records  of  North  Carolina  II,  737,  but  is  omitted  in  the  version  given  in  the  Secret 
History. 


Introduction  xxiii 

distance  of  73  miles,  and  the  claims  of  North  Carolina  had  been 
vindicated,  for  on  April  2  the  surveyors  reached  the  Blackwater 
River,  half  a  mile  above  the  mouth  of  the  Nottoway,  and  following 
the  compromise  agreement  of  Governors  Eden  and  Spotswood, 
the  Line  was  then  run  from  the  mouth  of  the  Nottoway. 

On  September  20  the  Commissioners  resumed  their  work  and 
soon  reached  the  Roanoke,  whose  rich  bottom  lands  so  impressed 
Byrd  that  he  eventually  made  large  purchases  and  named  the 
region  "the  Land  of  Eden."  On  October  4  the  North  Carolina 
Commissioners  proposed  a  termination  of  the  survey.  They 
claimed  that  the  important  question  in  the  boundary  controversy, 
whether  Nottoway  River  or  Wicocon  Creek  corresponded  to  the 
mythical  Weyanoke,  had  been  settled,  and  the  most  difficult  labor 
of  the  survey  performed  in  the  penetration  of  Dismal  Swamp; 
that  the  region  of  unsettled  lands  had  been  reached,  and  that 
the  line  could  be  completed  through  this,  when  necessity  de- 
manded, by  two  or  three  surveyors  instead  of  the  large  and  expen- 
sive party  then  employed.  To  this  the  Virginia  Commissioners 
answered  that  their  instructions  were  to  complete  the  Line;  that 
settlers  would  soon  push  forward  into  the  fertile  lands  of  the 
Roanoke;  and  that  expense  should  not  be  considered  when  the 
public  interest  was  at  stake.  But  the  North  Carolina  Commis- 
sioners were  obdurate  and  so  turned  back.  The  Line  was  then 
continued  by  the  Virginia  Commissioners  as  far  as  Peter's  Creek, 
on  the  present  borders  of  Stokes  County,  when  they,  too,  because 
of  the  advanced  season  and  the  challenge  of  the  Appalachians, 
relinquished  the  work.  In  1749  the  Line  was  extended  by  a  joint 
commission  for  a  distance  of  ninety  miles  to  Steep  Rock  Creek, 
which  is  near  the  northwestern  comer  of  North  Carolina;  and  in 
1779  further  survey  was  made  to  a  point  near  Bristol,  Tennessee. 
Thus  the  controversy  over  the  boundary  was  settled  and  its 
location  was  established.  But  in  later  years  there  was  dissatis- 
faction over  the  results.  The  line  was  marked  only  on  trees  and 
in  time  disappeared  or  became  vague;  moreover  surveys  of  the 
United  States  Coast  and  Geodetic  Survey  showed  that  the  eastern 
beginning  of  the  line  at  Currituck  is  not  36°  30'  (or  as  determined 
by  the  Commission  of  1728,  36°  31')  but  36°  33'  15",  and  that  the 
western  end  near  Bristol,  Tennessee,  is  36°  34'  25.5".  Relocation 
was  therefore  necessary,  but  progress  in  the  work  was  slow.     In 


xxiv  William  Byrd's  Histories 

1858  commissioners  were  appointed  to  resurvey  the  line  from  the 
end  of  the  Byrd  survey  westward,  but  for  reasons  unknown  nothing 
was  done,  and  efforts  to  the  same  end  in  1870  and  1871  brought 
no  results.  In  1887,  however,  the  line  was  re-located  from  Curri- 
tuck to  the  Nottoway  River,  and  in  1896  from  the  Nottoway  west- 
ward for  a  distance  of  sixty-two  miles,  to  the  eastern  comer  of 
Mecklenburg  County,  Virginia. 

Ill 

Concerning  William  Byrd,  his  personality  and  activities,  ex- 
tensive comment  is  unnecessary,  but  it  is  well  to  recall  certain 
characteristics  of  the  man  and  certain  phases  of  his  life.^^ 

He  belonged  to  the  aristocracy  of  Virginia,  an  aristocracy  not 
of  inherited  blood,  but  of  achievement.  His  grandfather  was  a 
London  goldsmith,  John  Bird,  whose  son  William  came  to  Virginia 
about  1670,  signed  his  name  Byrd,  and  inherited  from  an  uncle, 
Thomas  Stegg,  1,800  acres  of  land  at  the  falls  of  the  James  and 
a  business  of  merchandising  and  trade.  This  property  increased 
until  at  the  time  of  his  death  in  1704  he  was  a  very  wealthy  man. 
He  also  acquired  political  distinction,  rising  from  the  office 
of  militia  captain  to  membership  in  the  House  of  Burgesses  and 
the  Executive  Council.  He  was  also  Auditor  of  Virginia  and  Re- 
ceiver General  of  Quit  Rents,  offices  which  enabled  him  to  increase 
his  worldly  estate.  Marriage  also  brought  him  valuable  contacts, 
for  his  wife,  Mary  Horsemanden,  was  a  daughter  of  a  kinsman  or 
close  friend  of  that  Dame  Frances  who  married  three  colonial 
governors:  first,  Samuel  Stephens  of  Albemarle;  second,  William 
Berkeley  of  Virginia;  and  third,  Philip  LudweU  of  Virginia. 
Ambitious  for  his  children,  he  sent  those  who  survived  infancy  to 
England  for  their  education.  Of  these  one  daughter,  Susan,  mar- 
ried in  England  and  remained  there;  the  other,  Ursula,  returned 
to  Virginia  and  married  Robert  Beverly,  the  historian.  The  son, 
William  Byrd  H,  bom  in  1674  and  author  of  the  Dividing  Line 
histories,  proved  himself  well  worthy  of  his  opportunities.  His 
guide  and  mentor  in  England  was  Sir  Robert  Southwell.  He  did 
not  attend  Oxford  or  Cambridge,  but  was  under  the  instruction  of 


"  For  an  exhaustive  account  of  Byrd  and  his  family,  see  the  admirable  Introduction 
to  Professor  Bassett's  Workings  of  Colonel  William  Byrd. 


Introduction  xxv 

tutors,  spending  some  time  on  the  Continent;  he  then  studied  law  at 
the  Middle  Temple,  and  returned  to  Virginia  in  1696  after  twelve 
years'  absence. 

At  once  he  assumed  the  position  in  Colonial  life  prepared  for 
him  by  the  prestige  of  his  father.  In  the  year  of  his  return  he 
became  Auditor  of  Virginia,  a  position  exchanged  for  the  Re- 
ceiver-Generalship of  Quit  Rents  a  little  later  when  those  offices 
were  divorced,  and  in  1708  he  became  a  member  of  the  Executive 
Council,  in  which  he  continued  to  have  a  seat  until  his  death  in 
1744.  His  record  in  public  office  indicates  virility  and  an  in- 
dependent spirit.  He  was  involved  in  numerous  controversies 
with  Governor  Spotswood  and  carried  his  opposition  to  the  highest 
authorities  in  England,  where  he  resided  from  1697  to  1705  and 
from  1715  to  1726,  part  of  the  time  being  agent  of  the  colony. 
In  Byrd  Spotswood  met  an  able  opponent;  in  some  controversies 
the  Governor  won,  in  others  he  lost ;  the  climax  was  reached  when 
he  tried  to  have  Byrd  removed  from  the  Council  but  failed.  Yet 
their  controversies  created  no  personal  hostility;  each  respected 
the  other  and  when  they  met  in  1732  they  extended  greetings 
worthy  of  friendship. 

Byrd's  aggressiveness  in  politics  was  well  matched  by  his  ac- 
quisition of  property.  As  the  years  passed  a  veritable  hunger  for 
land  possessed  him.  By  the  time  of  his  departure  for  England  in 
1715  he  had  added  to  his  patrimony  5,523  acres.  The  survey  of 
the  boundary  quickened  his  speculative  spirit;  the  sight  of  thou- 
sands of  acres  of  unoccupied  lands  was  a  temptation  not  to  be 
resisted.  So  he  purchased  from  the  North  Carolina  Commis- 
sioners 20,000  acres  at  the  junction  of  the  Dan  and  Irvine  Rivers. 
To  this  were  added  6,000  acres  adjacent,  patented  from  North 
Carolina  in  1743.  But  the  Land  of  Eden,  as  he  called  this  region, 
was  far  removed  from  Westover,  the  seat  of  his  inherited  posses- 
sions, and  so  he  dreamed  of  intervening  plantations.  Therefore 
between  1730  and  1738  he  patented  5,211  acres  in  the  region 
where  the  Dan  and  Staunton  unite  to  form  the  Roanoke;  then  in 
1742  all  previous  records  were  surpassed  by  patenting  105,000 
acres  between  the  junction  of  the  Hico  with  the  Dan  and  the  North 
Carolina  line.  Soon  thereafter  he  bought  a  small  plantation  of 
2,429  acres  on  the  Meherrin  River,  as  a  stopping  place  between 
Westover  and  his  large  possessions  on  the  frontier.    To  these  pur- 


xxvi  William  Byrd's  Histories 

chases  must  be  added  9^710  acres  acquired  in  the  settlement  of  an 
estate  and  1,336  from  a  legacy.  All  told  he  increased  the  Byrd 
possessions  from  26,231  acres  to  179,440.  And,  more  than  this, 
he  had  a  desire  for  the  Dismal  Swamp.  He  believed  that  vast 
wilderness  could  be  drained  and  redeemed  for  agriculture,  espe- 
cially the  production  of  hemp.  To  that  end  he  proposed  the  organi- 
zation of  a  oampany  which  should  secure  a  grant  of  the  Dismal 
from  the  Crown,  with  exemption  from  quit  rents  for  fifty  years 
and  from  taxes  for  ten.^^ 

In  his  acquisition  of  land  and  his  long  service  in  public  office 
Byrd  was  typical  of  the  ruling  class  of  Virginia.  Another  trait 
was  also  characteristic  of  that  class — his  devotion  to  Virginia.  He 
spent  many  years  in  England,  but  that  did  not  impair  his  love 
for  his  native  heath.  After  his  arrival  in  London  in  1715  he 
wrote  that  he  had  found  the  charms  of  the  place  tasteless,  and  soon 
after  his  second  marriage,  which  occurred  in  England  about  1725, 
he  hastened  to  return  to  Virginia.  To  him  there  was  in  the  vast 
open  spaces,  the  rugged  and  unconquered  wilderness  and  the  na- 
tural beauty  of  the  New  World,  something  vastly  more  appealing 
than  European  civilization.  And  the  inner  shrine  of  Virginia  was 
Westover,  the  lordly  estate  on  the  James  which  he  inherited  and 
improved.  There  he  watched  the  turn  of  the  seasons  and  marveled 
at  the  revelations  of  nature.  He  experimented  in  fruit-growing, 
studied  wild  herbs,  and  prescribed  remedies  for  his  sick  friends. 
"A  library,  a  garden,  a  grove  and  a  purling  stream  are  the  In- 
nocent scenes  that  divert  our  Leisure,"  he  wrote.  To  this  might 
have  been  added  the  companionship  of  friends,  for  the  hospitality 
of  Westover  was  known  far  and  wide,  and  Byrd  was  the  idol  of  a 
large  family  connection.  This  love  of  home  interlocked  with  his 
political  views;  for  as  a  member  of  the  Council  he  was  always 
the  defender  of  Virginia's  rights  versus  the  prerogative  of  the 
British  Government  or  the  interests  of  the  Empire. 

Besides  his  acquisition  of  property,  his  devotion  to  the  public 
service,  and  his  love  of  Virginia,  Byrd  had  another  quality — one 
that  links  him  with  men  of  all  climes  and  all  ages — a  taste  for 


"Byrd  left  in  manuscript  a  description  of  the  Dismal  with  a  plan  for  its  exploration 
which  was  published  by  Edmund  RufiSn  in  the  Farmer's  Register  (vol.  II,  pp.  521-524) 
and  was  reprinted  in  1922  in  Heartman's  Historical  Series,  No.  38,  by  Earl  G.  Swem 
(Description  of  the  Dismal  Swamp  and  a  Proposal  to  Drain  the  Swamp  by  William 
Byrd  of  Westover) . 


Introduction  xxvii 

letters  and  things  of  the  mind.  He  was  a  constant  inquirer,  and 
was  never  satisfied  with  knowledge  at  hand.  He  therefore  made 
a  collection  of  books  which  was  the  largest  library  in  all  the 
colonies,  numbering  4,000  volumes.  He  loved  art,  and  was  known 
as  the  Black  Swan  by  his  many  kinsmen.  The  walls  of  Westover 
mansion  were  adorned  with  paintings,  among  them  portraits  of 
Lord  Orrery,  Sir  Wilfred  Lawson,  the  Marquis  of  Halifax,  Sir 
Robert  Southwell,  Lord  Egmont,  William  Blathwayt,  and  the  Duke 
of  Argyle.  With  such  worthies  and  others  he  had  correspondence ; 
he  was  also  a  member  of  the  Royal  Society.^^  He  wielded  a  gifted 
pen,  his  letters  being  sprightly,  humorous,  and  considerate.  His 
activity  in  public  affairs  and  his  business^terests  were  such  that 
he  attempted  no  formal  literary  work  until? late  in  life;  then  be- 
tween 1732  and  1740  he  wrote  the  Progress  to  the  Mines, 
Journey  to  the  Land  of  Eden,  and  the  histories  of  the  Dividing 
Line.  Each  was  inspired  by  his  love  of  the  frontier,  and  all  were 
based  on  diaries  or  journals  of  his  expeditions.  These  works  re- 
veal his  view  of  life.  All  things,  men  and  women  too,  are  a  revela- 
tion of  nature  and  its  wonders,  and  an  understanding  of  nature 
brings  a  philosophical  cheer  which  enables  the  individual  to  carry 
on  and  act  well  his  part.  He  was  critical  of  his  fellow-men,  quick 
to  see  frailties,  full  of  irony  and  sarcasm,  but  he  also  knew  how 
to  be  generous.  Of  social  institutions  he  was  also  critical;  slavery 
he  regarded  as  a  liability^^  and  for  the  Indian  he  had  respect. 
Cosmopolitan,  intellectual,  and  devoted  to  the  public  service,  he 
is  the  best  type  of  Virginia  gentleman  of  the  Eighteenth  Century; 
few,  if  any,  were  his  equal  in  personality  and  wealth  of  ideas 
until  the  days  of  the  Revolution. 


^He  contributed  to  the  Transactions  of  the  Society  one  paper,  "An  account  of  a 
Negro  Boy  that  is  dappled  in  several  places  of  his  Body  with  White  Spots,"  which  was 
published  in  the  issue  of  December,  1697. 

"  Byrd  to  Lord  Egmont,  in  "Colonel  William  Byrd  on  Slavery  and  Indentured 
Servants,"   {American  Historical  Review,  vol.  I,  p.  88) . 


If 

V 


^  A'  ^ 


"s 

^ 


*1 

\    ^\ 


\ 


^ 


'^ 


?; 


'4 


I    ''^''    ^v'/.    y --><>*<»  ^  H-    (  €-^*rt  r4  <'\// y^  r</.^.- /'^  ^^-r  y^  ^''*** 


^ 


.4.. 


■  '  A  /  ■  '   '7 


a' 


First   Page   of   the   Secret   Hi>n 


HISTORY  OF  THE  DIVIDING  LINE 

RUN  IN  THE  YEAR  1728* 

Before  I  enter  upon  the  Journal  of  the  Line  between  Virginia  and 
North  Carolina,  it  will  be  necessary  to  clear  the  way  to  it,  by  shewing 
how  the  other  British  Colonies  on  the  Main  have,  one  after  the  other, 
been  carved  out  of  Virginia,  by  Grants  from  his  Majesty's  Royal  Predeces- 
sors. All  that  part  of  the  Northern  American  Continent  now  under  the 
Dominion  of  the  King  of  Great  Britain,  and  Stretching  quite  as  far  as 
the  Cape  of  Florida,  went  at  first  under  the  General  Name  of  Virginia. 

The  only  Distinction,  in  those  early  Days,  was,  that  all  the  Coast  to 
the  Southward  of  Chesapeake  Bay  was  called  South  Virginia,  and  all  to 
the  Northward  of  it.  North  Virginia. 

The  first  Settlement  of  this  fine  Country  was  owing  to  that  great  Orna- 
ment of  the  British  Nation,  Sir  Walter  Raleigh,  who  obtained  a  Grant 
thereof  from  Queen  Elizabeth  of  ever-glorious  Memory,  by  Letters  Patent, 
dated  March  the  25th,  1584. 

But  whether  that  Gentleman  ever  made  a  Voyage  thither  himself  is 
uncertain;  because  those  who  have  favour'd  the  Public  with  an  Account 
of  His  Life  mention  nothing  of  it.  However,  thus  much  may  be  depended 
on,  that  Sir  Walter  invited  sundry  persons  of  Distinction  to  Share  in  his 
Charter,  and  join  their  Purses  with  his  in  the  laudable  project  of  fitting 
out  a  Colony  to  Virginia. 

Accordingly,  2  Ships  were  Sent  away  that  very  Year,  under  the  Com- 
mand of  his  good  Friends  Amidas  and  Barlow,  to  take  possession  of  the 
Country  in  the  Name  of  his  Roial  Mistress,  the  Queen  of  England. 

These  worthy  Commanders,  for  the  advantage  of  the  Trade  Winds, 
shaped  their  Course  first  to  the  Charibbe  Islands,  thence  stretching  away 
by  the  Gulph  of  Florida,  drop  Anchor  not  far  from  Roanoak  Inlet. 
They  ventured  ashoar  near  that  place  upon  an  Island  now  called  Colleton 
island,  where  they  set  up  the  Arms  of  England,  and  Claimed  the  Adjacent 
Country  in  Right  of  their  Sovereign  Lady,  the  Queen;  and  this  Ceremony 
being  duly  performed,  they  kindly  invited  the  neighbouring  Indians  to  traf- 
fick  with  them. 

These  poor  people  at  first  approacht  the  English  with  great  Caution, 
having  heard  much  of  the  Treachery  of  the  Spaniards,  and  not  knowing 
but  these  Strangers  might  be  as  treacherous  as  they.  But,  at  length,  dis- 
covering a  kind  of  good  nature  in  their  looks,  they  ventured  to  draw  near, 
and  barter  their  Skins  and  Furs,  for  the  Bawbles  and  Trinkets  of  the 
English. 


*  This  is  Byrd's  long  known  version  of  the  boundary  question.  The  hitherto  un- 
known and  unpublished  Secret  History  begins  on  page  13  and  continues  on  the 
odd-numbered  pages  to  the  conclusion. 


2  History  of  the  Dividing  Line 

These  first  Adventurers  made  a  very  profitable  Voyage,  raising  at  least 
a  Thousand  per  cent,  upon  their  Cargo.  Amongst  other  Indian  Commodi- 
ties, they  brought  over  Some  of  the  bewitching  Vegetable,  Tobacco.  And 
this  being  the  first  that  ever  came  to  England,  Sir  Walter  thought  he 
could  do  no  less  than  make  a  present  of  Some  of  the  brightest  of  it  to 
His  Roial  Mistress,  for  her  own  Smoaking. 

The  Queen  graciously  accepted  of  it,  but  finding  her  Stomach  sicken 
after  two  or  three  Whiffs,  it  was  presently  whispered  by  the  earl  of 
Leicester's  Faction,  that  Sir  Walter  had  certainly  Poison'd  Her.  But  Her 
Majesty  soon  recovering  her  Disorder,  obliged  the  Countess  of  Notting- 
ham and  all  her  Maids  to  Smoak  a  whole  Pipe  out  amongst  them. 

As  it  happen'd  some  Ages  before  to  be  the  fashion  to  Santer  to  the 
Holy  Land,  and  go  upon  other  Quixot  Adventures,  so  it  was  now  grown 
the  Humour  to  take  a  Trip  to  America.  The  Spaniards  had  lately  dis- 
covered Rich  Mines  in  their  Part  of  the  West  Indies,  which  made  their 
Maritime  Neighbours  eager  to  do  so  too.  This  Modish  Frenzy  being 
still  more  Inflam'd  by  the  Charming  Account  given  of  Virginia,  by  the 
first  Adventurers,  made  many  fond  of  removeing  to  such  a  Paradise. 

Happy  was  he,  and  still  happier  She,  that  cou'd  get  themselves  trans- 
ported, fondly  expecting  their  Coarsest  Utensils,  in  that  happy  place,  would 
be  of  Massy  Silver. 

This  made  it  easy  for  the  Company  to  procure  as  many  Volunteers  as 
they  wanted  for  their  new  Colony;  but,  like  most  other  Undertakers  who 
have  no  Assistance  from  the  Public,  they  Starved  the  Design  by  too  much 
Frugality;  for,  unwilling  to  Launch  out  at  first  into  too  much  Expense, 
they  Ship't  off  but  few  People  at  a  Time,  and  Those  but  Scantily  pro- 
vided. The  Adventurers  were,  besides,  Idle  and  extravagant,  and  ex- 
pected they  might  live  without  work  in  so  plentiful  a  Country. 

These  Wretches  were  set  Ashoar  not  far  from  Roanoak  Inlet,  but  by 
some  fatal  disagreement,  or  Laziness,  were  either  Starved  or  cut  to  Pieces 
by  the  Indians. 

Several  repeated  Misadventures  of  this  kind  did,  for  some  time,  allay 
the  Itch  of  Sailing  to  this  New  World;  but  the  Distemper  broke  out  again 
about  the  Year  1606.  Then  it  happened  that  the  Earl  of  Southampton 
and  several  other  Persons,  eminent  for  their  Quality  and  Estates,  were  in- 
vited into  the  Company,  who  apply'd  themselves  once  more  to  People  the 
then  almost  abandon'd  Colony.  For  this  purpose  they  embarkt  about  an 
Hundred  men,  most  of  them  Riprobates  of  good  Familys,  and  related 
to  some  of  the  company,  who  were  men  of  Quality  and  Fortune. 

The  Ships  that  carried  them  made  a  Shift  to  find  a  more  direct  way  to 
Virginia,  and  ventured  thro  the  Capes  into  the  Bay  of  Chesapeak.  The 
same  Night  they  came  to  an  Anchor  at  the  Mouth  of  Powatan,  the  same  as 
James  River,  where  they  built  a  Small  Fort  at  a  Place  call'd  Point 
Comfort. 

This  Settlement  stood  its  ground  from  that  time  forward  in  spite  of  all 


History  of  the  Dividing  Line  3 

the  Blunders  and  Disagreement  of  the  first  Adventurers,  and  the  many 
Calamitys  that  befel  the  Colony  afterwards. 

The  six  gentlemen  who  were  first  named  of  the  company  by  the  crown, 
and  who  were  empowered  to  choose  an  annual  President  from  among 
themselves,  were  always  engaged  in  Factions  and  Quarrels,  while  the 
rest  detested  Work  more  than  Famine.  At  this  rate  the  Colony  must  have 
come  to  nothing,  had  it  not  been  for  the  vigilance  and  Bravery  of  Capt. 
Smith,  who  struck  a  Terrour  into  all  the  Indians  round  about.  This 
Gentleman  took  some  pains  to  perswade  the  men  to  plant  Indian  com, 
but  they  look  upon  all  Labor  as  a  Curse.  They  chose  rather  to  depend 
upon  the  Musty  Provisions  that  were  sent  from  England:  and  when 
they  fail'd  they  were  forct  to  take  more  pains  to  Seek  for  Wild  Fruits 
in  the  Woods,  than  they  would  have  taken  in  tilling  the  Ground.  Besides, 
this  Exposd  them  to  be  knockt  on  the  head  by  the  Indians,  and  gave  them 
Fluxes  into  the  Bargain,  which  thind  the  Plantation  very  much.  To  Sup- 
ply this  mortality,  they  were  reinforct  the  year  following  with  a  greater 
nimiber  of  People,  amongst  which  were  fewer  Gentlemen  and  more  Labour- 
ers, who,  however,  took  care  not  to  kill  themselves  with  Work.^ 

These  found  the  First  Adventurers  in  a  very  starving  condition,  but  re- 
lieved their  wants  with  the  fresh  Supply  they  brought  with  them.  From 
Kiquotan  they  extended  themselves  as  far  as  James-Town,  where  like  true 
Englishmen,  they  built  a  Church  that  cost  no  more  than  Fifty  Pounds,  and 
a  Tavern  that  cost  Five  hundred.- 

They  had  now  made  peace  with  the  Indians,  but  there  was  one  thing 
wanting  to  make  that  peace  lasting.  The  Natives  coud,  by  no  means, 
perswade  themselves  that  the  English  were  heartily  their  Friends,  so  long 
as  they  disdained  to  intermarry  with  them.  And,  in  earnest,  had  the 
English  consulted  their  own  Security  and  the  good  of  the  Colony — Had  they 
intended  either  to  Civilize  or  Convert  these  Gentiles,  they  would  have 
brought  their  Stomachs  to  embrace  this  prudent  Alliance. 

The  Indians  are  generally  tall  and  well-proportion'd,  which  may  make 
full  Amends  for  the  Darkness  of  their  Complexions.  Add  to  this,  that 
they  are  healthy  &  Strong,  with  Constitutions  untainted  by  Lewdness,  and 
not  enfeebled  by  Luxury.  Besides,  Morals  and  all  considered,  I  cant  think 
the  Indians  were  much  greater  Heathens  than  the  first  Adventurers,  who, 
had  they  been  good  Christians,  would  have  had  the  Charity  to  take  this 
only  method  of  converting  the  Natives  to  Christianity.     For,  after  all  that 


^  This  paragraph  appears  as  a  note  in  the  manuscript  and  the  edition  of  the 
Dividing  Line  by  Ruffin;  Wynne  and  Bassett,  however,  incorporated  it  in  the  text, 
and  I  have  followed  their  precedent. 

According  to  John  Smith,  worship  at  Jamestown  was  first  conducted  under  an 
awning  made  by  stretching  an  old  sail  between  some  trees.  (Advertisements  for  the 
Inexperienced,  Chapter  XIV.)  Soon  a  building  was  erected  which  was  destroyed 
in  1608  but  was  restored  immediately  and  greatly  improved  in  1610.  On  the  other 
hand,  there  is  no  contemporary  account  of  a  tavern  in  early  Jamestown.  Indeed 
the  absence  of  a  tavern  was  one  of  the  charges  against  the  London  Company  in 
1623.     See  Nathaniel  Butler's   Unmasking. 


4  History  of  the  Dividing  Line 

can  be  said,  a  sprightly  Lover  is  the  most  prevailing  Missionary  that 
can  be  sent  amongst  these,  or  any  other  Infidels. 

Besides,  the  poor  Indians  would  have  had  less  reason  to  Complain  that 
the  English  took  away  their  Land,  if  they  had  received  it  by  way  of 
Portion  with  their  Daughters.  Had  such  Affinities  been  contracted  in  the 
Beginning,  how  much  Bloodshed  had  been  prevented,  and  how  populous 
would  the  Country  have  been,  and,  consequently,  how  considerable?  Nor 
wou'd  the  Shade  of  the  Skin  have  been  any  reproach  at  this  day;  for  if  a 
Moor  may  be  washt  white  in  3  Generations,  Surely  an  Indian  might  have 
been  blancht  in  two. 

The  French,  for  their  Parts,  have  not  been  so  Squeamish  in  Canada, 
who  upon  Trial  find  abundance  of  Attraction  in  the  Indians.  Their  late 
Grand  Monarch  thought  it  not  below  even  the  Dignity  of  a  Frenchman  to 
become  one  flesh  with  this  People,  and  therefore  Ordered  100  Livres  for 
any  of  his  Subjects,  Man  or  Woman,  that  would  intermarry  with  a  Native. 

By  this  piece  of  Policy  we  find  the  French  Interest  very  much 
Strengthen'd  amongst  the  Savages,  and  their  Religion,  such  as  it  is, 
propagated  just  as  far  as  their  Love.  And  I  heartily  wish  this  well- 
concerted  Scheme  don't  hereafter  give  the  French  an  Advantage  over 
his  Majesty's  good  Subjects  on  the  Northern  Continent  of  America. 

About  the  same  time  New  England  was  pared  off  from  Virginia  by 
Letters  Patent,  bearing  date  April  the  10th,  1608.^  Several  Gentlemen 
of  the  Town  and  Neighbourhood  of  Plymouth  obtain'd  this  Grant,  with 
the  Ld  Chief  Justice  Popham  at  their  Head. 

Their  Bounds  were  Specified  to  Extend  from  38  to  45  Degrees  of  North- 
ern Latitude,  with  a  Breadth  of  one  Hundred  Miles  from  the  Sea  Shore. 
The  first  14  Years,  this  Company  encounter'd  many  Difficulties,  and  lost 
many  men,  tho'  far  from  being  discouraged,  they  sent  over  Nimierous 
Recruits  of  Presbyterians,  every  year,  who  for  all  that,  had  much  ado  to 
stand  their  Ground,  with  all  their  Fighting  and  Praying. 

But  about  the  year  1620,  a  Large  Swarm  of  Dissenters  fled  thither  from 
the  Severities  of  their  Stepmother,  the  Church.  These  Saints  conceiving 
the  same  Aversion  to  the  Copper  Complexion  of  the  Natives,  with  that 
of  the  first  Adventurers  to  Virginia,  would,  on  no  Terms,  contract  Al- 
liances with  them,  afraid  perhaps,  like  the  Jews  of  Old,  lest  they  might 
be  drawn  into  Idolatry  by  those  Strange  Women. 

Wliatever  disgusted  them  I  cant  say,  but  this  false  delicacy  creating  in 
the  Indians  a  Jealousy  that  the  English  were  ill  affected  towards  them, 
was  the  Cause  that  many  of  them  were  cut  off,  and  the  rest  Exposed  to 
various  Distresses. 

This  Reinforcement  was  landed  not  far  from  Cape  Codd,  where,  for 
their  greater  Security  they  built  a  Fort,  and  near  it  a  Small  Town,  which 
in  Honour  of  the  Proprietors,  was  call'd  New  Plymouth.     But  they  Still 

'The  Plymouth  and  London  Companies  were  incorporated  in  the  same  charter, 
the  so-called  Virginia   Charter  of  April   10,   1606. 


History  of  the  Dividing  Line  5 

had  many  discouragements  to  Struggle  with,  tho'  by  being  well  Supported 
from  Home,  they  by  Degrees  Triumph't  over  them.  all. 

Their  Bretheren,  after  this,  flockt  over  so  fast,  that  in  a  few  Years  they 
extended  the  Settlement  one  hundred  Miles  along  the  Coast,  including 
nhode  Island  and  Martha's  Vineyard. 

Thus  the  Colony  throve  apace,  and  was  throng'd  with  large  Detach- 
ments of  Independents  and  Presbyterians,  who  thought  themselves  persecut- 
ed at  home. 

Tho'  these  People  may  be  ridiculd  for  some  Pharisaical  Particularitys 
in  their  Worship  and  Behaviour,  yet  they  were  very  useful  Subjects,  as 
being  Frugal  and  Industrious,  giving  no  Scandal  or  bad  Example,  at  least 
by  any  Open  and  Public  Vices.  By  which  excellent  Qualities  they  had 
much  the  Advantage  of  the  Southern  Colony,  who  thought  their  being 
Members  of  the  Establish't  Church  sufficient  to  Sanctifie  very  loose  and 
Profligate  Morals.  For  this  Reason  New  England  improved  much  faster 
than  Virginia,  and  in  Seven  or  Eight  Years  New  Plimouth,  like  Switzer- 
land, seemed  too  Narrow  a  Territory  for  its  Inhabitants. 

For  this  Reason,  several  Gentlemen  of  Fortune  purchas'd  of  the  Com- 
pany that  Canton  of  New  England  now  called  Massachuset  colony.  And 
King  James  confirm'd  the  Purchase  by  his  Royal  Charter,  dated  March 
the  4th,  1628.  In  less  than  2  years  after,  above  1000  of  the  Puritanical 
Sect  removed  thither  with  considerable  Eff"ects,  and  these  were  followed 
by  such  Crowds,  that  a  Proclamation  was  issued  in  England,  forbidding 
any  more  of  his  Majesty's  Subjects  to  be  Shipt  off.  But  this  had  the 
usual  Eff"ect  of  things  forbidden,  and  serv'd  only  to  make  the  Wilful 
Independents  flock  over  the  faster.  And  about  this  time  it  was  that 
Messrs.  Hampden  and  Pym,  and  (some  say)  Oliver  Cromwell,  to  show  how 
little  they  valued  the  King's  Authority,  took  a  Trip  to  New  England. 

In  the  Year  1630,  the  famous  City  of  Boston  was  built,  in  a  Com- 
modious Situation  for  Trade  and  Navigation,  the  same  being  on  a 
Peninsula  at  the  Bottom  of  Massachuset  Bay. 

This  Town  is  now  the  most  considerable  of  any  on  the  British  Continent, 
containing  at  least  8,000  houses  and  40,000  Inhabitants.^  The  Trade  it 
drives,  is  very  great  to  Europe,  and  to  every  Part  of  the  West  Indies, 
having  near  1,000  Ships  and  lesser  Vessels  belonging  to  it. 

Altho  the  Extent  of  the  Massachuset  Colony  reach't  near  one  Hundred 
and  Ten  Miles  in  Length,  and  half  as  much  in  Breadth,  yet  many  of  its 
Inhabitants,  thinking  they  wanted  Elbow-room,  quitted  their  Old  Seats 
in  the  Year  1636,  and  formed  2  New  Colonies:  that  of  Connecticut  and 
New  Haven.  These  King  Charles  the  2d  erected  into  one  Government  in 
1664,^   and  gave  them  many  Valuable  Privileges,   and  among  the  rest, 


*  Byrd  overestimates  the  population  of  Boston.     In  1722  it  was  around  17,000  and 
somewhat  less  in  1741.     See  Winsor,  Memorial  History  of  Boston,  II,  496,  570. 
°  Tlie  date  of  the  Connecticut  charter  is  April  23,  1652. 


6  History  of  the  Dividing  Line 

that  of  chusing  their  own  Governors.  The  Extent  of  these  united  Colonies 
may  be  about  Seventy  Miles  long  and  fifty  broad. 

Besides  these  several  Settlements,  there  Sprang  up  still  another,  a 
little  more  Northerly,  called  New  Hampshire.  But  that  consisting  of  no 
more  than  two  Counties,  and  not  being  in  condition  to  Support  the  Charge 
of  a  Distinct  Government,  was  glad  to  be  incorporated  with  that  of  Mas- 
sachuset,  but  upon  Condition,  however,  of  being  Named  in  all  Public  Acts, 
for  fear  of  being  quite  lost  and  forgot  in  the  Coalition. 

In  like  manner  New  Plymouth  joyn'd  itself  to  Massachuset,  except  only 
Rhode  Island,  which,  tho'  of  small  Extent,  got  itself  erected  into  a 
Separate  government  by  a  Charter  from  King  Charles  the  2d,  soon 
after  the  Restoration,  and  continues  so  to  this  day. 

These  Governments  all  continued  in  Possession  of  their  Respective 
Rights  and  Privileges  till  the  Year  1683,'^  when  that  of  Massachuset  was 
made  Void  in  England  by  a  Quo  Warranto. 

In  Consequence  of  which  the  King  was  pleased  to  name  Sir  Edmund 
Andros  His  first  Governor  of  that  Colony.  This  Gentleman,  it  seems, 
ruled  them  with  a  Rod  of  Iron  till  the  Revolution,  when  they  laid  un- 
hallowed Hands  upon  Him,  and  sent  him  Prisoner  to  England. 

This  undutiful  proceeding  met  with  an  easy  forgiveness  at  that  happy 
Juncture.  King  William  and  his  Royal  Consort  were  not  only  pleasd 
to  overlook  this  Indignity  offered  to  their  Governor,  but  being  made 
sensible  how  unfairly  their  Charter  had  been  taken  away,  most  graciously 
granted  them  a  new  one. 

By  this  some  new  Franchises  were  given  them,  as  an  Equivalent  for 
those  of  Coining  Money  and  Electing  a  governour,  which  were  taken  away. 
However,  the  other  Colonies  of  Connecticut  and  Rhode  Island  had  the 
luck  to  remain  in  Possession  of  their  Original  Charters,  which  to  this 
Day  have  never  been  calld  in  Question. 

The  next  Country  dismembered  from  Virginia  was  New  Scotland,'^ 
claimed  by  the  Crown  of  England  in  Virtue  of  the  first  Discovery  by 
Sebastian  Cabot.  By  Colour  of  this  Title,  King  James  the  first  granted  it  lo 
Sir  William  Alexander  by  Patent,  dated  September  the  10th,  1621. 

But  this  Patentee  never  sending  any  Colony  thither,  and  the  French 
believeing  it  very  Convenient  for  them,  obtained  a  Surrender  of  it  from 
their  good  Friend  and  Ally,  king  Charles  the  2d,  by  the  Treaty  of  Breda. 
And,  to  show  their  gratitude,  they  stirred  up  the  Indians  soon  after  lo 
annoy  their  Neighbours  of  New  England.  Murders  happend  continually 
to  his  Majesty's  Subjects  by  their  Means,  till  S""  William  Phipps  took  their 
Town  of  Port  Royal,  in  the  year  1690.  But  as  the  English  are  better  at 
taking  than  keeping  Strong  Places,  the  French  retook  it  soon,  and  re- 


°  Procedure  against  the  Massachusetts  charter  was  begun  in  June  1683,  but 
judgment  was  not  rendered  until  October  23,  1684.  (4  Mass.  Hist.  Coll.  II,  pp. 
262,  267). 

^  Nova  Scotia. 


History  of  the  Dividing  Line  7 

maind  Masters  of  it  till  1710,  when  General  Nicholson  wrested  it,  once 
more,  out  of  their  Hands. 

Afterwards  the  Queen  of  Great  Britain's  Right  to  it  was  recognized  and 
confirmed  by  the  treaty  of  Utrecht. 

Another  Limb  lopt  off  from  Virginia  was  New  York,  which  the  Dutch 
seized  very  unfairly,  on  pretence  of  having  Purchasd  it  from  Captain 
Hudson,  the  first  Discoverer.  Nor  was  their  way  of  taking  Possession  of 
it  a  whit  more  justifiable  than  their  pretended  Title. 

Their  West  India  Company  tamperd  with  some  worthy  English  Skippers 
(who  had  contracted  with  a  Swarm  of  English  Dissenters  to  transport 
them  to  Hudson  river)  by  no  means  to  land  them  there,  but  to  carry  'era 
some  leagues  more  notherly. 

This  Dutch  Finesse  took  Exactly,  and  gave  the  Company  time  soon 
after  to  seize  the  Hudson  River  for  themselves.  But  S"  Samuel  Argall, 
then  governor  of  Virginia,  understanding  how  the  King's  Subjects  had 
been  abused  by  these  Republicans,  marcht  thither  with  a  good  Force, 
and  obliged  them  to  renounce  all  pretensions  to  that  Country.^  The  worst 
of  it  was,  the  Knight  depended  on  their  Parole  to  Ship  themselves 
to  Brasile,  but  took  no  measures  to  make  this  Slippery  People  as  good  as 
their  Word. 

No  sooner  was  the  good  Governor  retired,  but  the  honest  Dutch  began 
to  build  Forts  and  strengthen  themselves  in  their  ill-gotten  Possessions; 
nor  did  any  of  the  King's  Liege  People  take  the  trouble  to  drive  these 
Intruders  thence.  The  Civil  War  in  England,  And  the  Confusions  it 
brought  forth,  allowed  no  Leisure  to  such  distant  Considerations.  Tho 
tis  strange  that  the  Protector,  who  neglected  no  Occasion  to  mortify  the 
Dutch,  did  not  afterwards  call  them  to  Account  for  this  breach  of  Faith. 
However,  after  the  Restoration,  the  King  sent  a  Squadron  of  his  Ships 
of  War,  under  the  Command  of  Sir  Robert  Carr,^  and  reduced  that 
Province  to  his  Obedience. 

Some  time  after.  His  Majesty  was  Pleasd  to  grant  that  Country  to  his 
Royal  Highness,  the  Duke  of  York,  by  Letters  Patent,  dated  March  the 
12th,  1664.  But  to  shew  the  Modesty  of  the  Dutch  to  the  Life,  tho  they 
had  no  Shaddow  of  Right  to  New  York,  yet  they  demanded  Surinam,  a 
more  valuable  Country,  as  an  Equivalent  for  it,  and  our  able  Ministers  at 
that  time  had  the  Generosity  to  give  it  them. 

But  what  wounded  Virginia  deepest  was  the  cutting  off  MARYLAND 
from  it,  by  Charter  from  King  Charles  the  1st,  to  sir  George  Calvert,  after- 
wards Ld  Baltimore,  bearing  the  date  the  20th  of  June,  1632.  The  Truth 
of  it  is,  it  begat  much  Speculation  in  those  days,  how  it  came  about  that  a 


^Reference  is  to  the  reputed  seizure  in  1613,  which,  however,  is  discredited  by 
many  authorities.  See  Paltsits,  "The  Founding  of  New  Amsterdam,"  Proceedings 
of  the  American  Antiquarian  Society,  1924. 

"The  leader  of  the  expedition  was  Colonel  Richard  Nicolls;  Carr  was  one  of  the 
other  four  members. 


8  History  of  the  Dividing  Line 

good  Protestant  King  should  bestow  so  bountiful  a  Grant  upon  a  Zealous 
Roman  catholic.  But  'tis  probable  it  was  one  fatal  Instance  amongst 
many  other  of  his  Majesty's  complaisance  to  the  Queen. 

However  that  happened,  'tis  certain  this  Province  afterwards  provd  a 
Commodious  Retreat  for  Persons  of  that  Communion.  The  Memory  of 
the  Gun-Powder-Treason-Plot  was  Still  fresh  in  every  body's  mind,  and 
made  England  too  hot  for  Papists  to  live  in,  without  danger  of  being  burnt 
with  the  Pope,  every  5th  of  November;  for  which  reason  Legions  of 
them  transplanted  themselves  to  Maryland  in  Order  to  be  Safe,  as  well  from 
the  Insolence  of  the  Populace  as  the  Rigour  of  the  Government. 

Not  only  the  Gim-Powder-Treason,  but  every  other  Plot,  both  pretended 
and  real,  that  has  been  trump't  up  in  England  ever  Since,  has  helpt  to 
People  his  Lordship's  Propriety. 

But  what  has  provd  most  Serviceable  to  it  was  the  Grand  Rebellion 
against  King  Charles  the  1st,  when  every  thing  that  bore  the  least  tokens 
of  Popery  was  sure  to  be  demolisht,  and  every  man  that  Profest  it  was 
in  Jeopardy  of  Suffering  the  same  kind  of  Martyrdom  the  Roman  Priests 
do  in  Sweden.^^ 

Soon  after  the  Reduction  of  New  York,  the  Duke  was  pleasd  to  grant 
out  of  it  all  that  Tract  of  Land  included  between  Hudson  and  Delaware 
Rivers,  to  the  Lord  Berkley  and  Sir  George  Carteret,  by  deed  dated 
June  the  24th,  1664.  And  when  these  Grantees  came  to  make  Partition 
of  this  Territory,  His  Lordp's  Moiety  was  calld  West  Jersey,  and  that  to  Sir 
George,  East  Jersey. 

But  before  the  Date  of  this  Grant,  the  Swedes  began  to  gain  Footing 
in  part  of  that  Country;  tho,  after  they  saw  the  Fate  of  New  York,  they 
were  glad  to  Submit  to  the  King  of  England,  on  the  easy  Terms  of  re- 
maining in  their  Possessions,  and  rendering  a  Moderate  Quit-rent.  Their 
Posterity  continue  there  to  this  Day,  and  think  their  Lot  cast  in  a  much 
fairer  Land  than  Dalicarlia.^^ 

The  Proprietors  of  New  Jersey,  finding  more  Trouble  than  Profit  in 
their  new  Dominions,  made  over  their  Right  to  several  other  Persons, 
who  obtained  a  fresh  Grant  from  his  Royal  Highness,  dated  March 
14th,  1682. 

Several  of  the  Grantees,  being  Quakers  and  Anababtists,  faild  not  to 
encourage  many  of  their  own  Perswasion  to  remove  to  this  Peaceful 
Region.  Amongst  them  were  a  Swarm  of  Scots  Quakers,  who  were  not 
tolerated  to  exercise  the  Gifts  of  the  Spirit  in  their  own  Country. 


^^  In  the  seventeenth  and  eighteenth  centuries  Sweden  was  the  most  intolerant  of 
the  Protestant  States.  In  1593  Lutheranism  definitely  became  the  state  religion, 
no  other  form  of  worship  being  allowed.  In  1604  Catholics  were  subjected  to  banish- 
ment and  confiscation  of  property.  This  policy  was  moderated  in  favor  of  those  who 
migrated  to  Sweden  for  purposes  of  commerce  and  trade,  but  down  to  1854  natives 
were  forbidden  to  enter  Catholic  Churches. 

"  An  ancient  province  of  Sweden  corresponding  to  the  laen  of  Kopparberg  or 
Fahlun. 


History  of  the  Dividing  Line  9 

Besides  the  hopes  of  being  Safe  from  Persecution  in  this  Retreat,  the 
New  Proprietors  inveigled  many  over  by  this  tempting  Account  of  the 
Country:  that  is  was  a  Place  free  from  those  3  great  Scourges  of  Mankind, 
Priests,  Lawyers,  and  Physicians.  Nor  did  they  tell  a  Word  of  a  Lye, 
for  the  People  were  yet  too  poor  to  maintain  these  Learned  Gentlemen, 
who,  every  where,  love  to  be  paid  well  for  what  they  do;  and,  like  the 
Jews,  cant  breathe  in  a  Climate  where  nothing  is  to  be  got. 

The  Jerseys  continued  under  the  Government  of  these  Proprietors  till 
the  Year  1702,  when  they  made  a  formal  Surrender  of  the  Dominion  to 
the  Queen,  reserving  however  the  Property  of  the  Soil  to  themselves. 
So  soon  as  the  Bounds  of  New  Jersey  came  to  be  distinctly  laid  off,  it 
appeared  that  there  was  still  a  Narrow  Slipe  of  Land,  lying  betwixt  that 
Colony  and  Maryland.  Of  this,  William  Penn,  a  Man  of  much  Worldly 
Wisdom,  and  some  Eminence  among  the  Quakers,  got  early  Notice,  and, 
by  the  Credit  he  had  with  the  Duke  of  York,  obtained  a  Patent  for  it. 
Dated  March  the  4th,  I68O.12 

It  was  a  little  Surprising  to  some  People  how  a  Quaker  should  be  so 
much  in  the  good  Graces  of  a  Popish  Prince;  tho,  after  all,  it  may  be 
pretty  well  Accounted  for.  This  Ingenious  Person  had  not  been  bred  a 
Quaker;  but,  in  his  Earlier  days,  had  been  a  Man  of  Pleasure  about  the 
Town.  He  had  a  beautiful  form  and  very  taking  Address,  which  made 
him  Successful  with  the  Ladies,  and  Particularly  with  a  Mistress  of  the 
Duke  of  Monmouth.  By  this  Gentlewoman  he  had  a  Daughter,  who  had 
Beauty  enough  to  raise  her  to  be  a  Dutchess,  and  continued  to  be  a  Toast 
full  30  Years.13 

But  this  Amour  had  like  to  have  brought  our  Fine  Gentleman  in 
Danger  of  a  Duell,  had  he  not  discreetly  sheltered  himself  under  this 
peaceable  Perswasion.  Besides,  his  Father  having  been  a  Flag-Officer  in 
the  Navy,  while  the  Duke  of  York  was  Lord  High  Admiral,  might 
recommend  the  Son  to  his  Favour,  This  piece  of  secret  History  I  thought 
proper  to  mention,  to  wipe  off  the  Suspicion  of  his  having  been  Popishly 
inclind. 

This  Gentleman's  first  Grant  confind  Him  within  pretty  Narrow  Bounds, 
giving  him  only  that  Portion  of  Land  which  contains  Buckingham,  Phila- 
delphia and  Chester  Counties.  But  to  get  these  Bounds  a  little  extended, 
He  pusht  His  Interest  still  further  with  His  Royal  Highness,  and  obtaind 
a  fresh  Grant  of  the  three  Lower  Counties,  called  New-Castle,  Kent  and 
Sussex,  which  still  remaind  within  the  New  York  Patent,  and  had  been 
luckily  left  out  of  the  Grant  of  New  Jersey. 

The  Six  Counties  being  thus  incorporated,  the  Proprietor  dignifyd  the 
whole  with  the  Name  of  Pensilvania. 


"1680-81. 

"  This  is  a  piece  of  gossip  not  found  elsewhere ;  it  calls  to  mind  other  calumnies 
against  Penn  perpetuated  by  Macaulay,  which  are  refuted  in  Dixon's  William  Penn, 
pp.  338-357. 


10  History  of  the  Dividing  Line 

The  Quakers  flockt  over  to  this  Country  in  Shoals,  being  averse  to  go 
to  Heaven  the  same  way  with  the  Bishops.  Amongst  them  were  not  a 
few  of  good  Substance,  who  went  Vigorously  upon  every  kind  of  Im- 
provement; and  thus  much  I  may  truly  say  in  their  Praise,  that  by 
Diligence  and  Frugality,  For  which  this  Harmless  Sect  is  remarkable,  and 
by  haveing  no  Vices  but  such  as  are  Private,  they  have  in  a  few  Years 
made  Pensilvania  a  very  fine  Country. 

The  truth  is,  they  have  observed  exact  Justice  with  all  the  Natives  that 
border  upon  them;  they  have  purchasd  all  their  Lands  from  the  Indians; 
and  tho  they  paid  but  a  Trifle  for  them,  it  has  procured  them  the  Credit 
of  being  more  righteous  than  their  Neighbours.  They  have  likewise  had 
the  Prudence  to  treat  them  kindly  upon  all  Occasions,  which  has  savd 
them  from  many  Wars  and  Massacres  wherein  the  other  Colonies  have 
been  indiscreetly  involved.  The  Truth  of  it  is,  a  People  whose  Principles 
forbid  them  to  draw  the  Carnal  Sword,  were  in  the  Right  to  give  no 
Provocation. 

Both  the  French  and  the  Spaniards  had,  in  the  Name  of  their  Respective 
Monarchs^  long  ago  taken  Possession  of  that  Part  of  the  Northern 
Continent  that  now  goes  by  the  Name  of  Carolina;  but  finding  it  Produced 
neither  Gold  nor  Silver,  as  they  greedily  expected,  and  meeting  such  re- 
turns from  the  Indians  as  their  own  Cruelty  and  Treachery  deserved, 
they  totally  abandond  it.  In  this  deserted  Condition  that  country  lay  for 
the  Space  of  90  Years,  till  King  Charles  the  2d,  finding  it  a  DERELICT, 
granted  it  away  to  the  Earl  of  Clarendon  and  others,  by  His  Royal 
Charter,  dated  March  the  24th,  1663.  The  Boundary  of  that  Grant 
towards  Virginia  was  a  due  West  Line  from  Luck-Island,  (the  same  as 
Colleton  Island),  lying  in  36  degrees  N.  Latitude,  quite  to  the  South 
Sea. 

But  afterwards  Sir  William  Berkeley,  who  was  one  of  the  Grantees  and 
at  that  time  Governour  of  Virginia,  finding  a  Territory  of  31  Miles  in 
Breadth  between  the  Inhabited  Part  of  Virginia  and  the  above-mentioned 
Boundary  of  Carolina,  advisd  the  Lord  Clarendon  of  it.  And  His  Lordp 
had  Intej;est  enough  with  the  King  to  obtain  a  Second  Patent  to  include 
it,  dated  June  the  30th,  1665. 

This  last  Grant  describes  the  Bounds  between  Virginia  and  Carolina 
in  these  words:  "To  run  from  the  North  End  of  Corotuck-Inlet,  due 
West  to  Weyanoke  Creek,  lying^  within  or  about  the  Degree  of  Thirty-Six 
and  Thirty  Minutes  of  Northern  Latitude,  and  from  thence  West,  in  a 
direct  Line,  as  far  as  the  South-Sea."^^  Without  question,  this  Boundary 
was  well  known  at  the  time  the  Charter  was  Granted,  but  in  a  long  Course 
of  years  Weynoke  Creek  lost  its  name,  so  that  it  became  a  Controversy 
where  it  lay.     Some  Ancient  Persons  in  Virginia  affirmd  it  was  the  same 


"This   quotation   is  not   literal  but  is  true   to   the   boundary   as   set  forth   in   the 
charter. 


History  of  the  Dividing  Line  11 

with  Wicocon,  and  others  again  in  Carolina  were  as  Positive  it  was 
Nottoway  River. 

In  the  mean  time,  the  People  on  the  Frontiers  Entered  for  Land,  &  took 
out  Patents  by  Guess,  either  from  the  King  or  the  Lords  Proprietors. 
But  the  Crown  was  like  to  be  the  loser  by  this  Incertainty,  because  the 
Terms  both  of  taking  up  and  seating  Land  were  easier  much  in  Carolina. 
The  Yearly  Taxes  to  the  Public  were  likewise  there  less  burdensom,  which 
laid  Virginia  under  a  Plain  disadvantage. 

This  Consideration  put  that  Government  upon  entering  into  Measures 
with  North  Carolina,  to  terminate  the  Dispute,  and  settle  a  Certain  Boun- 
dary between  the  two  colonies.  All  the  Difficulty  was,  to  find  out  which 
was  truly  Weyanoke  Creek.  The  Difference  was  too  Considerable  to  be 
given  up  by  either  side,  there  being  a  Territory  of  15  Miles  betwixt  the  two 
Streams  in  controversy. 

However,  till  that  Matter  could  be  adjusted,  i^  was  agreed  on  both 
sides,  that  no  Lands  at  all  Should  be  granted  within  the  disputed 
Bounds.^^  Virginia  observed  this  Agreement  punctually,  but  I  am  sorry 
I  cant  sav  the  Same  of  North-Carolina.  The  great  Officers  of  that  Province 
were  loath  to  lose  the  Fees  accrueing  from  the  Grants  of  Land,  and  so 
private  Interest  got  the  better  of  Public  Spirit;  and  I  wish  that  were  the 
only  Place  in  the  World  where  such  politicks  are  fashionable. 

All  the  Steps  that  were  taken  afterwards  in  that  Affair,  will  best  appear 
by  the  Report  of  the  Virginia-Commissioners,  recited  in  the  Order  of 
Council  given  at  St.  James's,  March  the  1st,  1710,  set  down  in  the 
Appendix.^^ 

It  must  be  owned,  the  Report  of  those  Gentlemen  was  Severe  upon  the 
then  commissioners  of  North-Carolina,  and  particularly  upon  Mr. 
Moseley.^^  I  wont  take  upon  me  to  say  with  how  much  Justice  they  said  so 
many  hard  things,  tho  it  had  been  fairer  Play  to  have  given  the  Parties 
accused  a  Copy  of  such  Representations,  that  they  might  have  answered 
what  they  could  for  themselves. 

But  since  that  was  not  done,  I  must  beg  leave  to  say  thus  much  in 
behalf  of  Mr.  Moseley,  that  he  was  not  much  in  the  Wrong  to  find  fault 
with  the  Quadrant  produced  by  the  Surveyors  of  Virginia  because  that 
Instrument  plact  the  Mouth  of  Notoway  River  in  the  Latitude  of  37 
Degrees;  whereas,  by  an  Accurate  Observation  made  Since,  it  Appears  to 
line  in  36°  30'  ^',  so  that  there  was  an  Error  of  near  30  minutes,  either 
in  the  Instrument  or  in  those  who  made  use  of  it. 

Besides,  it  is  evident  the  Mouth  of  Notoway  River  agrees  much  better 
with  the  Latitude,  wherein  the  Carolina  Charter  supposed  Wyanoak  Creek, 
(namely,  in  or  about  36  Degrees  and  30  minutes,)  than  it  does  with 
Wicocon  Creek,  which  is  about  15  Miles  more  Southerly. 


^°  See  Colonial  Records  of  North  Carolina,  Vol.  I,  p.  853. 

^l  See  p.  324. 

"Edward  Moseley.     See  note  13  to  the  Secret  History. 


12  History  of  the  Dividing  Line 

This  being  manifest,  the  Intention  of  the  King's  Grant  will  be  pretty 
exactly  answered,  by  a  due  West  Line  drawn  from  Corotuck  Inlet  to  the 
Mouth  of  Notaway  River,  for  which  reason  tis  probable  that  was  formerly 
calld  Wyanoak-Creek,  and  might  change  its  Name  when  the  Nottoway 
Indians  came  to  live  upon  it,  which  was  since  the  Date  of  the  last 
Carolina  Charter. 

The  Lievt  Governor  of  Virginia,  at  that  time  Colo  Spotswood,  searching 
into  the  Bottom  of  this  Affair,  made  very  Equitable  Proposals  to  Mr. 
Eden,  at  that  time  Governour  of  North  Carolina,  in  Order  to  put  an  End 
to  this  Controversy.  These,  being  formed  into  Preliminaries,  were  Signd 
by  both  Governours,  and  transmitted  to  England,  where  they  had  the 
Honour  to  be  ratifyed  by  his  late  Majesty  and  assented  to  by  the  Lords 
Proprietors  of  Carolina. ^^ 

Accordingly  an  Order  was  sent  by  the  late  King  to  Mr.  Gooch,  after- 
wards Lievt  Governor  of  Virginia,  to  pursue  those  Preliminaries  exactly. 
In  Obedience  thereunto,  he  was  pleased  to  appoint  Three  of  the  Council 
of  that  colony  to  be  Commissioners  on  the  Part  of  Virginia,  who,  in 
Conjunction  with  others  to  be  named  by  the  Governor  of  North  Carolina, 
were  to  settle  the  Boundary  between  the  2  Governments,  upon  the  Plan 
of  the  above-mentioned  Articles. 


'"For  the  agreement  of  Spotswood  and  Eden,  see  Appendix,  p.  328,  or  Colonial 
Records  of  North  Carolina,  Vol.  II  p.  222.  It  was  forwarded  to  the  Lords  of  Trade 
in  February,  1715,  but  did  not  receive  the  approval  of  the  Crown  until  March,  1727. 
In  the  meantime  the  Lords  Proprietors  took  favorable  action  in  1723. 


The  Secret  History  13 


THE  SECRET  HISTORY  OF  THE  LINE 

The  Governor  &  Council  of  Virginia  in  the  Year  1727  receiv'd 
an  Express  Order  from  his  Majesty,  to  appoint  Commissioners, 
who  in  conjunction  with  others  to  be  nam'd  by  the  Government  of 
North  Carolina,  should  run  the  Line  betwixt  the  two  Colonies.  The 
Rule  these  Gentlemen  were  directed  to  go  by,  was  a  paper  of 
Proposals  formerly  agreed  on  between  the  2  Governor's,  at  that 
time  Spotswood,  &  Eden/  It  wou'd  be  a  hard  thing  to  say  of  so 
wise  a  man  as  Mr.  Spotswood  thought  himself,  that  he  was  over 
reach't,  but  it  has  appear'd  upon  Tryal,  that  Mr.  Eden  was  much 
better  inform'd  how  the  Land  lay  than  he.  However  since  the 
King  was  pleased  to  agree  to  these  unequal  Proposals,  the  Govern- 
ment of  Virginia  was  too  Dutifull  to  dispute  them.  They  there- 
fore appointed  Steddy"  &  Merryman,^  Commissioners,  on  the  part 


^  Reference  is  to  the  compromise  agreement  of  1715.     See  page  12,  note  18. 

'  William  Byrd  himself. 

'Nathaniel  Harrison,  (1677-1727)  of  Wakefield,  Surry  County,  member  of  the 
House  of  Burgesses,  (1699-1706),  and  of  the  Council  (1713-1727),  County  Lieutenant 
of  Surry  and  Prince  George  in  1715  and  after,  and  Auditor  of  Virginia  in  1724. 


14  History  of  the  Dividing  Line 

Two  Experienct  Surveyors  were  at  the  same  time  directed  to  wait  upon 
the  Commissioners,  Mr.  Mayo,  who  made  the  Accurate  Mapp  of  Barbadoes, 
and  Mr.  Irvin,  the  Mathematick  Professor  of  William  and  Mary 
Colledge.-^^  And  because  a  good  Number  of  Men  were  to  go  upon  this 
Expedition,  a  Chaplain  was  appointed  to  attend  them,-*'  and  the  rather 
because  the  People  on  the  Frontiers  of  North-Carolina,  who  have  no 
Minister  near  them,  might  have  an  Opportunity  to  get  themselves  and 
their  Children  baptizd. 


^  Mayo  and  Irvin  are  respectively  "Astrolabe"  and  "Orion"  in  the  Secret  History. 
See  Notes  4  and  23  to  that  version.  No  mention  is  made  in  this  version  of  "Capri- 
corn"   (John  Allen)    whom  Irvin  replaced, 

^  Rev.  Peter  Fontaine,  "Dr.  Humdrum"  of  the  Secret  History.  See  note  9  to  that 
version. 


The  Secret  History  15 

of  Virginia  to  Execute  that  Order,  and  Astrolabe^  &  Capricorn^  to 
be  the  Surveyors.  But  Merryman  dying,  Firebrand*'  &  MeanwelF 
made  Interest  to  fill  his  Place.  Most  of  the  Council  enclin'd  to 
favour  the  last,  because  he  had  offered  his  Services  before  he 
knew  that  any  pay  wou'd  belong  to  the  Place.  But  Burly^  one  of 
the  Hon"^'"  Board,  perceiving  his  Friend  Firebrand  wou'd  lose 
it,  if  it  came  to  the  vote,  propos'd  the  Expedient  of  sending  3 
Commissioners,  upon  so  difficult  and  hazardous  an  Expedition. 
To  this  a  majority  agreed,  being  unwilling  to  be  thought  too  frugal 


^  William  Mayo,  a  native  of  Wiltshire,  England,  who  arrived  in  Virginia  about  1723 
from  the  Barbadoes,  whither  he  had  migrated  prior  to  1712.  During  1717-1721  he 
made  a  survey  of  the  Bcirbadoes  and  also  a  map,  preserved  in  the  library  of  King's 
College.  He  was  one  of  the  justices  of  Goochland  County  and  was  very  active  as  a 
surveyor  in  that  county  and  the  colony  at  large,  laying  off  for  Byrd  the  City  of  Rich- 
mond and  aiding  in  establishing  the  boundaries  of  the  Northern  Neck.  He  died  in 
1744.    Mayo's  River  is  named  for  him.    See  Brown's  The  Cabells  and  Their  Kin. 

^John  Allen,  "Gent."  See  "Virginia  Council  Journals,"  Sept.  12,  1727.  (Virginia 
Magazine  of  History  and  Biography,  Vol.  XXXII,  p.  242.)  He  was  probably  that 
John  Allen  of  Surry  County  who  married  Elizabeth  Bassett,  daughter  of  William 
Bassett  of  the  Virginia  Council,  and  sometime  a  student  of  William  and  Mary.  His 
will  was  proved  in  1741.  See  "Allen  Family  of  Surry  County"  in  William  and  Mary 
College  Quarterly,  Vol.  VIII,  p.  110. 

*  Richard  Fitz-WUliam,  a  royal  official  of  whom  little  is  known.  In  1719  he 
was  Collector  of  Customs  for  the  Lower  District  of  James  River.  (Calendar  of 
Treasury  Bodks  and  Papers,  1714-1719,  p.  481.)  On  November  21,  1727,  he  was  ap- 
pointed "Surveyor  General  of  all  the  Duties  and  Importations"  for  the  Carolinas, 
Maryland,  Virginia,  Pennsylvania,  the  Bahama  Islands  and  Jamaica.  (Ibid.,  1729-30, 
p.  470.)  In  1733  he  was  replaced  by  George  Phenny,  whom  he  succeeded  as  Governor- 
in-Chief  of  the  Bahama  Islands.  (Ibid.,  1731-34,  p.  93.)  This  position  he  resigned 
in  1738  but  was  not  relieved  by  his  successor,  John  Tinker,  until  1740.  Fitz-William 
was  more  in  sympathy  with  North  Carolina  than  his  fellow-Commissioners  of  Virginia, 
having  criticised  to  the  British  Government  Virginia's  exclusion  of  North  Carolina 
tobacco  from  its  ports  and,  during  the  survey  of  the  boundary  line,  he  fraternized 
with  the  North  Carolina  Commissioners  and  supported  them  in  vital  matters. 

"'  William  Dandridge,  of  King  William  County.  He  belonged  to  the  Dandridge 
family  of  Worcestershire,  England,  though  the  name  of  his  Viriginia  home,  Elsing 
Green,  is  suggestive  of  Norfolk,  where  a  village  and  parish  of  that  name  were  to  be 
found.  He  migrated  to  Virginia  early  in  the  eighteenth  century.  In  1717  he  was  a 
partner  of  Governor  Spotswood  in  commercial  enterprises  and  in  1740  he  took  part  in 
the  naval  operations  against  the  Spanish  at  St.  Augustine.  In  1728  he  was  a  member 
of  the  Viriginia  Council.     His  death  occurred  in  1743. 

*  Rev.  James  Blair,  Commissary  of  the  Bishop  of  London  in  Virginia  from  1685 
until  his  death  in  1743.  A  veritable  "King  Maker,"  for  he  was  responsible  for  the 
recall  of  three  governors,  Andros,  Nicholson  and  Spotswood.  In  1697  Byrd  repre- 
sented Governor  Andros  before  the  Archbishop  of  Canterbury  and  the  Bishop  of 
London  in  the  controversy  between  Andros  and  Blair,  and  lost  his  case. 


16  History  of  the  Dividing  Line 


Of  these  proceedings  on  our  Part,  immediate  Notice  was  sent  to  Sir 
Richard  Everard,  Governor  of  North  Carolina,  who  was  desired  to  Name 
Commissioners  for  that  Province,  to  meet  those  of  Virginia  at  Corotuck- 
Inlet  the  Spring  following.  Accordingly  he  appointed  Four  Members 
of  the  Comicil  of  that  Province  to  take  Care  of  the  Interests  of  the  Lds 
Proprietors.  Of  these,  Mr.  Moseley-^  was  to  serve  in  a  Double  Capacity, 
both  as  Commissioner  and  Surveyor.  For  that  reason  there  was  but 
one  other   Surveyor  from  thence,  Mr,   Swan.^^     All   the  Persons   being 


^''  "'Plausible"  in  the  Secret  History.     See  note  13  to  that  version. 
^  "Bo-otes"  of   the  Secret  History.     See  note  34  to  that  version. 


Raleigh,  N.  C 

The  Secret  History  17 

of  the  Publick  Money.  Accordingly  they  were  both  joined  with 
Steddy  in  this  commission.  When  this  was  over  Steddy  proposed 
that  a  Chaplain  might  be  allowed  to  attend  the  Commissioners  by 
reason  they  shou'd  have  a  Number  of  Men  with  them  sufficient  for 
a  small  Congregation,  and  were  to  pass  thro'  an  ungodly  Country 
where  they  shou'd  find  neither  Church  nor  Minister.  That  besides 
it  wou'd  be  an  act  of  great  Charity  to  give  the  Gentiles  of  that 
part  of  the  world  an  opportunity  to  christen  both  them  &  their 
children.  This  being  unanimously  consented  to,  Dr.  Humdrum^ 
was  named  upon  Steddy 's  recommendation. 

Of  all  these  proceedings  Notice  was  dispatch'd  to  Sir  Richard 
Everard  Govemour  of  North  Carolina  desiring  him  to  name  Com- 
missioners on  the  part  of  that  Province,  to  meet  those  of  Virginia 
the  Spring  following.  In  consequence  whereof  that  Government 
named  Jumble,"   Shoebmsh,^^   Plausible,^^   and   Puzzle   Cause,^^ 


"Rev.  Peter  Fontaine  (1691-1757),  one  of  the  six  children  of  James  Fontaine,  a 
Huguenot  refugee,  all  of  whom  as  well  as  their  parents  migrated  to  Virginia  in  the 
second  decade  of  the  eighteenth  century.  Peter  was  educated  at  Dublin,  Ireland, 
and  after  officiating  at  Wallingford,  Weyanoke,  Martin's  Brandon,  and  Jame&to^vn, 
became  rector  of  Westover  Parish,  Charles  City  County,  of  which  Byrd  was  a 
parishioner.  A  brother,  John,  was  rector  of  St.  Margaret's.  Parish,  King  William 
County.  See  Meade's  Old  Churches  and  Families  of  Virginia  and  Maury's  Memoirs 
of  a  Huguenot  Family. 

^^  The  last  governor  under  the  Proprietors  (1725-31).  See  Haywood's  "Sir  Richard 
Everard"  {Publications  of  the  Southern  History  Association,  Vol.  II,  No.  4,  or 
North  Carolina  Booklet  X,  No.  1.) 

"■Christopher  Gale,  Chief  Justice,  a  native  of  Yorkshire,  England,  and  eldest  son  of 
Rev.  Miles  Gale,  rector  of  Wighby.  He  came  to  North  Carolina  about  1700,  settling 
at  Edenton.  By  1703  he  was  a  Justice  of  the  General  Court  and  in  1712  was  ap- 
pointed Chief  Justice,  an  office  which  he  held  until  1731,  except  for  an  intermission 
from  1717  to  1722  when  he  was  in  England,  and  a  briefer  one  in  1724-25.  In  1722 
he  was  appointed  Deputy  for  two  Proprietors,  Elizabeth  Blake,  widow  of  Joseph  Blake, 
and  James  Bertie.  He  was  Collector  of  the  Customs  at  Edenton,  an  office  he  held 
at  the  time  of  his  death  in  1734,  and  was  a  vestryman  of  the  West  Parish  of  Pasquo- 
tank County.  In  the  violent  political  controversies  of  his  day  he  took  an  active  part, 
antagonizing  Governors  Burrington  and  Everard.  See  Colonial  Records  of  North 
Carolina,  Vol.  II,  passim. 

^  John  Lovick,  prominent  in  the  turbulent  politics  of  North  Carolina  from  1718  to 
1735,  when  his  death  is  reported.  He  was  a  Deputy  of  the  Proprietors  and  as  such 
was  a  member  of  the  Council  from  1718  to  1731,  being  its  secretary  and  also  Secretary 
of  the  Province  from  1722  to  1730;  he  was  also  a  member  of  the  Council  under  the 
royal  administration  from  1731  to  1734.  In  1731  he  also  appears  as  a  member  of  the 
Assembly  for  Chowan  County.  In  1729  he  was  a  member  of  the  Court  of  Chancery, 
and  in  1732  was  appointed  Surveyor  General.  See  Colonial  Records  of  North  Caro- 
lina, Vols.  II,  III,  passim. 

^^  Edward  Moseley,  also  a  member  of  the  boundary  commission  of  1710,  the  pre- 
eminent political  leader  of  North  Carolina  from  his  appearance  in  public  affairs  in 
1705  until  his  death  in  1749.  Few  men  have  equaled  his  record  as  a  holder  of 
public  office.  He  was  a  member  of  the  Council  under  four  administrations,  being 
President  of  that  body  and  Acting  Governor  in  1725.     He  was     also  a  distinguished 


18  History  of  the  Dividing  Line 


thus  agreed  upon  they  settled  the  time  of  Meeting  to  be  at  Corotuck, 
March  the  5th,  1728. 


The  Secret  History  19 

being  the  Flower  &  Cream  of  the  Council  of  that  Province.  The 
next  Step  necessary  to  be  taken,  was  for  the  Commissioners  on 
both  Sides  to  agree  upon  a  day  of  Meeting  at  Coratuck  Inlet,  in 
order  to  proceed  on  this  Business,  &  the  5th  of  March  was  thought 
a  proper  time,  because  then  Mercury  &  the  Moon  were  to  be  in 
Conjunction. 

It  was  desired  by  Sir  Richard,  that  the  Commissioners  might 
meet  on  the  Frontiers  sometime  in  January  to  settle  Preliminarys, 
and  particularly  that  it  might  be  previously  agreed,  that  the  pres- 
ent Possessors  of  Land  in  either  Government,  shou'd  be  con- 
firm'd  in  their  Possession,  tho'  it  shou'd  not  happen  to  fall  within 
the  Government  that  granted  it.  This  the  Governor  of  Virginia 
disagreed  to,  not  thinking  it  just,  that  either  the  King  or  the  Lords 
Proprietors,  shou'd  grant  away  Land  that  did  not  belong  to  them. 
Nor  was  this  proposal  made  on  the  part  of  Carolina  purely  out  of 
good  Nature,  but  some  of  the  Council  of  that  Province  found 
dieir  own  Interest  concem'd,  and  particularly  the  Surveyor  or  Gen- 
eral must  in  Justice  have  retum'd  some  of  his  Fees,  in  case  the 
People  shou'd  lose  the  Land  he  survey'd  for  them  as  belonging 
to  the  Proprietors,  when  in  truth  it  belong'd  to  the  King. 


member  of  the  Assembly,  holding  the  speakership  in  1708,  and  continuously  from 
1715  to  1723,  and  again  in  1731,  1733,  and  1734.  From  1715  to  1740  he  was  Treasurer 
of  the  entire  colony  and  from  1740  to  1749  Treasurer  of  the  Southern  District;  in 
1743  he  was  also  appointed  Chief  Baron  of  the  Exchequer.  In  1724  he  was  made 
Judge  of  the  Admiralty  Court,  which  office  he  resigned,  but  was  reappointed  in  1725. 
He  was  one  of  the  commissioners  chosen  in  1709  to  establish  the  boundary,  and  in 
1723  he  was  made  Surveyor  General.  Later  he  was  one  of  the  commissioners  to  es- 
tablish the  South  Carolina  boundary  and  also  the  boundary  of  the  Granville  District. 
In  1733  he  prepared  "a  New  and  Correct  Map  of  the  Province  of  North  Carolina," 
a  copy  of  which  is  in  the  possession  of  the  United  States  War  Department.  He  was  a 
defender  of  the  rights  of  the  Assembly  against  prerogative,  either  proprietary  or  royal, 
a  friend  of  religious  liberty,  a  patron  of  learning,  a  lawyer  of  no  mean  ability.  His 
antecedents  are  unknown,  but  he  was  probably  a  kinsman  of  the  Moseley  family  of 
Princess  Anne  County,  Virginia.  He  acquired  an  extensive  estate,  bequeathing  25,000 
acres  of  land,  nearly  100  slaves,  and  much  personal  property.  Originally  a  resident  of 
Chowan  County,  he  removed  to  New  Hanover  about  1730.  See  Shinn,  "Edward 
Moseley"   (Pablications  of  the  Southern  History  Association,  Vol.  I,  No.  1.) 

^*  William  Little  (1692-1733),  a  native  of  Massachusetts  and  a  graduate  of  Harvard, 
class  of  1710.  While  visiting  in  England  he  met  Chief  Justice  Gale  and  was  persuaded 
by  him  to  move  to  North  Carolina.  He  settled  at  Edenton  and  in  1726  married 
Justice  Gale's  daughter,  Penelope.  In  1725  he  was  appointed  Attorney  General  and 
in  1726  Receiver  General  of  Quit  Rents.  He  was  also  Clerk  of  the  General  Court  and 
in  1732  became  Chief  Justice,  an  office  he  held  for  one  year.  See  Haywood's 
"Christopher  Gale."     (Biographical  History  of  North  Carolina,  Vol.  II,  p.  28.) 


20  History  of  the  Dividing  Line 


[Continued  on  page  28] 


The  Secret  History  21 

Soon  after  the  Commissioners  for  Virginia,  wrote  the  following 
Letter  to  the  worthy  Commissioners  of  N.  Carolina/^ 

Geiulemen: 

We  are  Sorry  we  can't  have  the  Pleasure  of  meeting  you  in 
January  next  as  is  desired  by  Your  Govemour.  The  Season  of  the 
Year  in  which  that  is  proposed  to  be  done,  &  the  distance  of  our 
Habitation  from  your  Frontier,  we  hope  will  make  our  Excuse 
reasonable.  Besides  his  Majesty's  Order  marks  out  our  Business 
so  plainly,  that  we  are  perswaded  that  there  can  be  no  difficulty 
in  the  Construction  of  it.  After  this,  what  imaginable  Dispute 
can  arise  amongst  Gentlemen  who  meet  together  with  minds 
averse  to  Chicane,  and  Inclinations  to  do  equal  Justice  both  to  his 
Majesty  and  the  Lords  Proprietors,  in  which  disposition  we  make 
no  doubt  the  Commissioners  on  both  Sides  will  find  each  other. 

We  shall  have  full  powers  to  agree  at  our  first  meeting  on  what 
Preliminarys  shall  be  thought  necessary,  which  we  hope  you  will 
likewise  be,  that  an  affair  of  so  great  Consequence  may  have  no 
Delay  or  Disappointment. 

It  is  very  proper  to  acquaint  You  in  what  manner  we  intend  to 
come  provided,  that  so  you.  Gentlemen  who  are  appointed  in  the 
same  Station,  may  if  you  please  do  the  same  Honour  to  Your 
Government.  We  shall  bring  with  us  about  20  men  fumish't  with 
Provisions  for  40  days.  We  shall  have  a  Tent  with  us  &  a  Mar- 
quis^^  for  the  convenience  of  ourselves  &  Servants.  We  shall  be 
provided  with  much  Wine  &  Rum  as  just  enable  us,  and  our  men 
to  drink  every  Night  to  the  Success  of  the  following  Day,  and  be- 
cause we  understand  there  are  many  Gentiles  on  your  Frontier, 
who  never  had  an  opportunity  of  being  Baptized,  we  shall  have 
a  chaplain  with  us  to  make  them  Christians.  For  this  Purpose  we 
intend  to  rest  in  our  Camp  every  Sunday  that  there  may  be  leizure 
for  so  good  a  work.  And  whoever  of  your  Province  shall  be 
desirous  of  novelty  may  repair  on  Sundays  to  our  Camp,  &  hear 
a  Sermon.  Of  this  you  may  please  to  give  publick  notice  that  the 
Charitable  Intentions  of  this  Government  may  meet  with  the  hap- 
pier Success. 


^^  This  document  is  also  in  the  Colonial  Records  of  North  Carolina,  Vol.  II,  p.  735. 
^''  Corruption  of  marquee,  a  tent  or  awning  for  special  purposes,  as  banquets  and 
dinners. 


22  History  of  the  Dividing  Line 


[Continued  on  page  28] 


The  Secret  History  23 

Thus  much  Gentlemen  we  thought  it  necessary  to  acquaint  you 
with  and  to  make  use  of  this  first  Opportunity  of  Signifying  with 
how  much  Satisfaction  we  receiv'd  the  News  that  such  able  Com- 
missioners are  appointed  for  the  Government,  with  whom  we 
promise  our  selves  we  shall  converse  with  prodigious  Pleasure,  & 
Execute  our  Commissions  to  the  full  content  of  those  by  whom 
we  have  the  Honour  to  be  employ'd,  We  are 

Gentlemen         Your  most  humble 
Servants 


Firebrand.  Steddy 

Meanwell. 


Williamsburgh 
the  16th  of  Decem' 
1727 


To  this  Letter  the  Commissioners  of  Virginia  the  latter  End  of 
January  receiv'd  the  following  answer.^'^ 

Gentlemen 

We  have  the  Honour  of  your  Favour  from  Williamsburgh 
dated  the  16*^  of  December,  in  which  you  Signify,  that  the  pro- 
posals already  agreed  on  are  so  plain,  that  you  are  perswaded 
there  can  no  difficulty  arise  about  the  Construction  of  them.  We 
think  so  too,  but  if  no  dispute  should  arise  in  construing  them, 
yet  the  Manner  of  our  proceeding  in  the  Execution,  we  thought 
had  better  be  previously  concerted,  and  the  End  of  the  Meeting 
we  prospos'd  was  to  remove  every  thing  that  might  ly  in  the  way 
to  retard  the  Work,  which  we  all  seem  equally  desirous  to  have 
amicably  concluded.  We  assure  you  Gentlemen  we  shall  meet  you 
with  a  hearty  disposition  of  doing  equall  Justice  to  either  Govern- 
ment, and  as  you  acquaint  us  you  shall  come  fully  empowered 
to  agree  at  our  first  Meeting,  to  settle  all  necessary  Preliminarys, 


"  This  letter  is  also  in  the  Colonial  Records,  Vol.  II,  p.  737. 


24  History  of  the  Dividing  Line 


[Continued  on  page  28] 


The  Secret  History  25 

we  shall  endeavour  to  have  our  Instructions  as  large.  Your  Gov- 
ernor in  his  last  Letter  to  ours,  was  pleas'd  to  mention  our  con- 
fering  with  You  by  Letters,  about  any  matters  previously  to  be 
adjusted.  We  therefore  take  leave  to  desire  by  this  Messenger, 
You  will  let  us  know,  after  what  Manner  you  purpose  to  run  the 
Line,  whether  you  think  to  go  thro'  the  Great  Swamp,  which  is 
near  30  miles  thro',  &  thought  not  passable,  or  by  taking  the 
Latitude  at  the  first  Station  to  run  a  due  West  Line  to  the  Swamp, 
&  then  to  find  the  said  Latitude  on  the  West  Side  the  Swamp,  & 
continue  thence  a  due  West  Line  to  Chowan  River.  Or  to  make 
the  2d  Observation  upon  Chowan  River  and  run  an  East  Line  to 
the  Great  Swamp.  We  shall  also  be  glad  to  know  what  Instruments 
you  intend  to  use  to  observe  the  Latitude,  &  find  the  Variation  with, 
in  Order  to  fijc  a  due  West  Line.  For  we  are  told  the  last  time 
the  Commissioners  met,  their  Instruments  vary'd  Several  Minutes, 
which  we  hope  will  not  happen  again,  nor  any  other  Difficulty 
that  may  occasion  any  delay  or  disappointment,  after  we  have 
been  at  the  trouble  of  meeting  in  so  remote  a  place,  and  with  such 
a  Hendrance  &  Equipage  as  you  intend  on  your  part.  We  are  at 
a  loss,  Gentlemen,  whether  to  thank  you  for  the  Particulars  you 
give  us  of  your  Tent,  Stores,  &  the  Manner  you  design  to  meet  us. 
Had  you  been  Silent,  we  had  not  wanted  an  Excuse  for  not  meet- 
ing you  in  the  same  Manner,  but  now  you  force  us  to  expose  the 
nakedness  of  our  country,  &  tell  You,  we  can't  possibly  meet  you 
in  the  Manner  our  great  respect  to  you,  wou'd  make  us  glad  to  do, 
whom  we  are  not  emulous  of  out  doing,  unless  in  Care  &  Diligence 
in  the  Affair  we  came  about.  So  all  we  can  answer  to  that  Article, 
is,  that  we  will  endeavour  to  provide  as  well  as  the  Circumstances 
of  things  will  admit;  And  what  we  want  in  Necessarys,  we  hope 
will  be  made  up  in  Spritual  Comfort  we  expect  from  Your  Chap- 
lain, of  whom  we  shall  give  notice  as  you  desire;  &  doubt  not  of 
making  a  great  many  Boundary  Christians.  To  conclude,  we 
promise,  to  make  ourselves  as  agreeable  to  you  as  possibly  we  can; 
&  we  beg  Leave  to  assure  you  that  it  is  a  Singular  Pleasure  to  Us, 
that  You  Gentlemen  are  nam'd  on  that  Part,  to  see  this  business  of 
so  great  concern  &  consequence  to  both  Governments  determin'd 
which  makes  it  to  be  undertaken  on  our  parts  more  cheerfully. 


26  History  of  the  Dividing  Line 


[Continued  on  page  28] 


The  Secret  History  27 

being  assured  your  Characters  are  above  any  artifice  or  design. 
We  are 

Your  most  obedient  humble  Servants 
Plausible  Jumble 

PUZZLECAUSE  ShOEBRUSH 

This  Letter  was  without  date  they  having  no  Ahnanacks  in  North 
Carolina,  but  it  came  about  the  beginning  of  January.  However 
the  Virginia  Commissioners  did  not  return  an  Answer  to  it,  til 
they  had  consulted  their  Surveyor  honest  Astrolabe,  as  to  the 
Mathematical  Part.  When  that  was  done  they  reply'd  in  the  fol- 
lowing Terms. 

Gentlemen 

We  shou'd  have  retum'd  an  Answer  sooner,  had  not  the  Cold 
Weather,  &  our  remote  Situation  from  one  another  prevented  our 
Meeting.  However  we  hope  'tis  now  time  enough  to  thank  you  for 
that  favour,  &  to  assure  You,  that  tho'  we  are  appointed  Commis- 
sioners for  this  Government,  we  encline  to  be  very  just  to  Yours. 
And  as  the  fixing  fair  Boundarys  between  Us,  will  be  of  equal 
advantage  to  both.  You  shall  have  no  reason  to  reproach  us  with 
making  any  step  either  to  delay  or  disappoint  so  usefull  a  Work. 
If  the  Great  Swamp  you  mention  shou'd  be  absolutely  impassable, 
we  then  propose  to  run  a  due  West  Line  from  Our  first  Station 
thither  &  then  Survey  around  the  same  til  we  shall  come  on  our 
due  West  course  on  the  other  Side,  &  so  proceed  til  we  shall  be 
again  interrupted.  But  if  you  shall  think  of  a  more  proper  Ex- 
pedient, we  shall  not  be  fond  of  our  own  Opinion.  And  tho'  we 
can't  conceive  that  taking  the  Latitude  will  be  of  any  use  in  run- 
ning this  Line,  yet  we  shall  be  provided  to  do  it  with  the  greatest 
exactness.  In  performing  which  we  shall  on  our  part  use  no  gra- 
duated Instrument:  but  our  Accurate  Surveyor  Astrolabe  tells  us 
he  will  use  a  Method  that  will  come  nearer  the  Truth.^^  He  likewise 
proposes  to  discover  as  near  as  possible  the  just  variation  of  the 
Compass,  by  means  of  a  true  Meridian  to  be  found  by  the  North 
Star.  We  shall  bring  with  us  2  or  3  very  good  compasses,  which 
we  hope  will  not  differ  much  from  Yours,  tho'  if  there  shou'd  be 


"The  "graduated  instrument"  was  doubtless  the  surveyor's  pole,  16%  feet  long. 
By  sighting  the  north  star  with  this,  latitude  could  be  crudely  calculated.  The 
"better  method"  referred  to  was  perhaps  the  astrolabe. 


28  History  of  the  Dividing  Line 


In  the  Mean  time,  the  requisite  Preparations  were  made  for  so  long 
and  tiresome  a  Journey;  and  because  there  was  much  work  to  be  done 
and  some  Danger  from  the  Indians,  in  the  uninhabited  Part  of  the 
Country,  it  was  necessary  to  provide  a  Competent  Number  of  Men.  Ac- 
cordingly, Seventeen  able  Hands  were  listed  on  the  Part  of  Virginia,  who 
were  most  of  them  Indian  Traders  and  expert  Woodsmen. 

27.  These  good  Men  were  ordered  to  come  armed  with  a  Musquet 
and  a  Tomahack,  or  large  Hatchet,  and  provided  with  a  Sufficient  Quantity 
of  Ammunition. 

They  likewise  brought  Provisions  of  their  own  for  ten  days,  after  which 
time  they  were  to  be  furnisht  by  the  Government.  Their  March  was  ap- 
pointed to  be  on  the  27th  of  February,  on  which  day  one  of  the  Commis- 
sioners met  them  at  their  Rendezvous,  and  proceeded  with  them  as  far 


The  Secret  History  29 

some  little  variance,  'twill  be  easily  reconciled  by  two  such  Skil- 
ful Mathematicians  as  Astrolabe  and  Plausible. 

In  short  Gentlemen  we  are  so  conscious  of  our  own  disposition 
to  do  right  to  both  Colonys,  &  at  the  same  time  so  verily  perswaded 
of  Yours,  that  we  promise  to  our  selves  an  intire  harmony  &  good 
Agreement.  This  can  hardly  fail,  when  Justice  and  Reason  are 
laid  down  on  both  Sides,  as  the  Rule  &  Foundation  of  our  Proceed- 
ing. We  hope  the  Season  will  prove  favourable  to  us,  but  be  that 
as  it  will  we  intend  to  preserve  fair  Weather  in  our  Honour,  be- 
lieving that  even  the  Dismal  may  be  very  tolerable  in  good  Com- 
pany, We  are  without  the  least  Artifice  or  design. 

Gentlemen,  Your  most  humble  Servants 

S.  F.  M. 

It  was  afterwards  agreed  by  the  Commissioners  on  both  Sides, 
to  meet  on  the  North  Shoar  of  Coratuck  Inlet,  on  the  S'""  day  of 
the  following  March  in  Order  to  run  the  Dividing  Line.  In  the 
mean  time  those  on  the  Part  of  Virginia  divided  the  trouble  of 
making  the  necessary  preparations.  It  fell  to  Steddy's  Share  to 
provide  the  Men  that  were  to  attend  the  Surveyors.  For  this  pur- 
pose Mr.  Mumford  recommended  to  him  15  able  Woodsmen,  most 
of  which  had  been  Indian  Traders.  These  were  order'd  to  meet 
him  at  Warren's  Mill,  arm'd  with  a  Gun  &  Tomahawk,  on  the  27th 
of  February,  &  furnisht  with  Provisions  for  ten  days.  Astrolabe 
came  on  the  26*^  in  Order  to  attend  Steddy  to  the  Place  of 
Rendezvous.  The  next  day  they  crost  the  River,  having  first  rec- 
ommended all  they  left  behind  to  the  Divine  Protection.  Steddy 
carry'd  with  him  2  Servants,  &  a  Sumpter  Horse'^  for  his  Baggage. 
About  12  a  Clock  he  met  the  Men  at  the  New  Church  near  War- 
ren's Mill.  He  drew  them  out  to  the  number  of  15,  &  finding  their 
Arms  in  good  Order,  He  caus'd  them  to  be  muster'd  by  their 
Names  as  follows. 

Peter  Jones  Tho.  Jones  John  Ellis 

James  Petillo  Charles  Kimball        John  Evans 

Tho:  Short  Geo:  Hamilton  Robert  Hix 

Tho:  Wilson  Steven  Evans  Tho:  Jones  Jun' 

George  Tilman  Robert  Allen  John  Ellis  Jun' 

^  Pack  horse. 


30 


History  of  the  Diyiding  Line 


as  Colo  Allen's.23     This  Gentleman  is  a  great  oeconomist,  and  Skilld 
m  all  the  Arts  of  living  well  at  any  easy  expense. 


"  John  Allen  of  Surry  County.    See  Secret  History,  Notes  5  and  20. 


The  Secret  History  31 

Here  after  drawing  out  this  small  Troop,  Steddy  made  them 
the  following  Speech. 

Friends  &  Fellow  Travellers. 

It  is  a  pleasure  to  me  to  see  that  we  are  like  to  be  so  well  at- 
tended in  this  long  &  painfull  Journey.  And  what  may  we  not 
hope  from  Men  who  list  themselves  not  so  much  for  pay,  as  from 
an  Ambition  to  serve  their  Country.  We  have  a  great  distance  to 
go,  &  much  Work  to  perform,  but  I  observe  too  much  Spirit  in  your 
Countenances  to  flinch  at  either.  As  no  care  shall  be  wanting  on 
my  part  to  do  every  One  of  You  Justice  so  I  promise  myself  that 
on  Yours,  You  will  set  the  Carolina  Men,  whom  we  are  to  meet 
at  Coratuck,  a  constant  Pattern  of  Order,  Industry  &  Obedience. 

Then  he  march'd  his  Men  in  good  Order  to  Capricorn's  Elegant 
Seat,'"  according  to  the  Route  before  projected,  but  found  him 
in  dolefull  Dumps  for  the  illness  of  his  Wife.  She  was  really 
indispos'd,  but  not  so  dangerously  as  to  hinder  a  Vigorous  Man 
from  going  upon  the  Service  of  his  Country.  However  he  seem'd 
in  the  midst  of  his  Concern,  to  discover  a  Secret  Satisfaction,  that 
it  fumish't  him  with  an  Excuse  of  not  going  upon  an  Expedition, 
that  he  fancy'd  wou'd  be  both  dangerous  &  difficult.  Upon  his  re- 
fusing to  go  for  the  reason  abovemention'd,  Steddy  wrote  to  the 
Governor  how  much  he  was  disappointed  at  the  Loss  of  one  of 
the  Surveyors,  &  recommended  Astrolabe's  Brother"^  to  Supply 
his  Place.  At  the  same  time  he  dispatch't  away  an  Express  to 
Young  Astrolabe,  to  let  him  know  he  had  nam'd  to  the  Governor 
for  his  Service.  But  not  knowing  how  it  wou'd  be  determin'd  he 
cou'd  promise  him  nothing,  tho'  if  he  wou'd  come  to  Norfolk  at 
his  own  Risque,  he  shou'd  there  be  able  to  resolve  him.  This  was 
the  best  Expedient  he  cou'd  think  of  for  the  Service  at  that  Plunge 
because  Capricorn  had  in  his  bitterness  of  his  Concern,  taken  no 
care  to  acquaint  the  Governor  that  he  was  prevented  from  going. 
However  D'  Arsmart  who  had  been  to  Visit  M"  Capricorn,  let  the 


"The  home  of  John   Allen,   Surry   County,   Virginia,   probably   "Bacon's   Castle," 
built  by  his  grandfather,  Arthur  Allen. 
"Joseph  Mayo,  of  "Powhatan  Seat,"  on  the  James  River,  below  Richmond. 


32  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [February 


28.  They  proceeded  in  good  Order  through  Surry  County,  as  far  as 
the  Widdow  Allen's-^  who  had  copied  Solomon's  complete  housewife 
exactly.  At  this  Gentlewoman's  House,  the  other  two  Commissioners 
had  appointed  to  join  them,  but  were  detained  by  some  Accident  at 
Williamsburg,  longer  than  their  appointment. 


29.     They  pursued  their  March  thro  the  Isle  of  Wight  and  observed  a 
most   dreadful   Havock  made   by   a   late  Hurricane,   which   happend   in 


See  Secret  History,  Note  24. 


February]  The  Secret  History  33 

Governor  know  that  he  was  too  tender  a  Husband  to  leave  his 
Spouse  to  the  Merch""  of  a  Physician.  Upon  this  Notice,  which 
came  to  the  Governor  before  Steddy's  Letter,  it  was  so  managed 
that  the  learned  Orion"^  was  appointed  to  go  in  his  room.  This 
Gentleman  is  Professor  of  the  Mathematicks  in  the  College  of 
William  &  Mary,  but  has  so  very  few  Scholars,  that  he  might  be 
well  enough  spared  from  his  Post  for  a  short  time.  It  was  urg'd 
by  his  Friends,  that  a  Person  of  his  Fame  for  profound  Learning, 
wou'd  give  a  grace  to  the  Undertaking,  and  be  able  to  Silence  all 
the  Mathematicks  of  Carolina.  These  were  unanswerable  reasons, 
and  so  he  was  appointed.  The  Rev'^  D""  Humdrum  came  time 
enough  to  bless  a  very  plentiful  Supper  at  Capricorns.  He  treated 
his  Company  handsomely,  and  by  the  help  of  a  Bowl  of  Rack 
Punch  his  Grief  disappear'd  so  entirely,  that  if  he  had  not  sent 
for  Arsmart,  it  might  have  been  suspected  his  Lady's  Sickness  was 
all  a  Farce.  However  to  do  him  Justice,  the  Man  wou'd  never 
be  concern'd  in  a  Plot  that  was  like  to  cost  him  5  Pistoles. 

28.  The  Table  was  well  spread  again  for  Breakfast,  but  un- 
fortunately for  the  poor  Horses,  the  Key  of  the  Corn-loft  was  mis- 
laid, at  least  the  Servant  was  instructed  to  say  as  much.  We 
march't  from  hence  in  good  Order  to  the  Widdow  Allen's,  which 
was  22  Miles.^^  She  entertain'd  us  elegantly,  &  seem'd  to  pattern 
Solomon's  Housewife  if  one  may  Judge  by  the  neatness  of  her 
House,  &  the  good  Order  of  her  Family.  Here  Firebrand  &  Mean- 
well,  had  appointed  to  meet  Steddy  but  fail'd;  however  the  Tent 
was  sent  hither  under  the  care  of  John  Rice,  of  the  Kingdom  of 
Ireland,  who  did  not  arrive  till  12  a  Clock  at  Night.  This  disorder 
at  first  setting  out,  gave  us  but  an  indifferent  Opinion  of  Fire- 
brand's Management. 

29.     From  hence  Steddy  sent  a  Letter  to  the  Governor,  with 
an  account  of  his  March  to  that  Place,  &  of  the  Steps  he  had  taken 


^^  Old  English  for  marrow,  indicating  "goodness"  as  well  as  substance  within  the 
bones.     I  have  not  been  able  to  identify  "Dr.  Arsmart." 

^Alexander  Irvine,   who   held   the   professorship   of   Mathematics   at   William    and 
Mary  from  1729  to  his  death  in  1732. 

^*  The  maiden  name  of  this  hospitable  lady  was  Bray.    She  was  thrice  married;  first 

to  Arthur  Allen,  second  to  Arthur  Smith,  finally  to Stith.    In  1753  she  donated 

£125  for  a  free  school  in  the  upper  part  of  Isle  of  Wight  County  and  her  will  revealed 
a  bequest  of  £120,  the  interest  from  which  was  to  be  used  for  the  education  of  "any 
six  poor  children."    See  William  and  Mary  College  Quarterly,  Vol.  VI,  pp.  77-78. 
3 


34  History  of  the  Dividlng  Line  [March 

August,  J.  726.  The  Violence  of  it  had  not  reachd  above  a  Quarter  of  a 
Mile  in  Breadth,  but  within  that  Compass  had  levelld  all  before  it.  Both 
Trees  and  Houses  were  laid  flat  on  the  Ground,  and  several  things  hurld 
to  an  incredible  distance.  Tis  happy  such  violent  Gusts  are  confined  to 
so  narrow  a  Channel,  because  they  carry  desolation  wherever  they  go. 
In  the  Evening  they  reacht  Mr.  Godwin's,  on  the  South  Branch  of  Nanse- 
mond  River,  where  they  were  treated  with  abundance  of  Primitive  Hospi- 
tality. 


March  1.  This  Gentleman  was  so  kind  as  to  shorten  their  Journey, 
by  setting  them  over  the  river.  They  coasted  the  N  E  Side  of  the  Dismal 
for  several  miles  together,  and  found  all  the  Grounds  bordering  upon  it 
very  full  of  Sloughs.  The  Trees  that  grew  near  it  lookt  very  Reverend, 
with  the  long  Moss  that  hung  dangling  from  their  Branches.  Both  cattle 
and  Horses  eat  this  Moss  greedily  in  Winter  when  other  Provender  is 
Scarce,  tho  it  is  apt  to  scowr  them  at  first.  In  that  moist  Soil  too 
grew  abundance  of  that  kind  of  Myrtle  which  bears  the  Candle-Berries. 
There  was  likewise,  here  and  there,  a  Gall-bush,  which  is  a  beautiful  Ever 
green,  and  may  be  cut  into  any  Shape.  It  derives  its  Name  from  its  Ber- 
ries turning  Water  black,  like  the  Galls  of  an  oak. 

When  this  Shrub  is  transplanted  into  Gardens,  it  will  not  thrive 
without  frequent  watering. 

The  two  other  commissioners  came  up  with  them  just  at  their  Journey's 
end,  and  that  evening  they  arrived  all  together  at  Mr.  Craford's,-^  who 
lives    on    the   South   Branch    of    Elizabeth-River,    over   against    Norfolk. 


See  Secret  History,  Note  26. 


March]  The  Secret  History  35 

about  Astrolabe's  Brother.  At  Ten  in  the  Morning  he  thank't  the 
clean  Widdow  for  all  her  Civilitys,  &  march't  under  the  Pilotage 
of  M'"  Baker,  to  Col"  Thomas  Goddings."^  By  the  way  Steddy 
was  oblig'd  to  be  at  the  Expence  of  a  few  Curses  upon  John  Rice, 
who  was  so  very  thirsty  that  he  call'd  at  every  house  he  past  by. 
The  Cavalcade  arrived  at  CoP.  Goddings  about  4  a  Clock  after  a 
pleasant  Journey  of  30  Miles.  But  Steddy  found  himself  exceed- 
ingly fatigued  with  the  March.  In  passing  thro'  the  upper  part 
of  the  Isle  of  Wight,  M""  Baker  remarkt  the  Dismal  Footsteps  made 
by  the  Hurricane  which  happen'd  in  August  1626.  The  violence 
of  it  did  not  extend  in  Breadth  above  a  Quarter  of  a  Mile,  but  in 
that  Compass  levell'd  all  before  it.  M"^  Baker's  House  was  so 
unlucky  as  to  stand  in  its  way,  which  it  laid  flat  to  the  Ground  and 
blew  some  of  his  Goods  above  2  Miles.  CoP  Godding  was  very 
hospitable  both  to  Man  &  Beast,  But  the  poor  Man  had  the  Mis- 
fortune to  be  deaf,  which  hinder'd  him  from  hearing  any  parts 
of  the  acknowledgments  that  were  made  to  him;  He  prest  every 
Body  very  kindly  to  eat,  entreating  'em  not  to  be  bashful,  which 
might  be  a  great  Inconvenience  to  Travellors.  The  Son  &  Heir  of 
the  Family  off^er'd  himself  as  a  Volunteer  the  over  Night,  but 
dreamt  so  much  of  Danger  &  Difficulties,  that  he  declar'd  off  in  the 
Morning. 

March 

1.  About  About  9  in  the  Morning  the  Col"  was  so  kind  as  to  set 
all  his  Guests  over  the  South  Branch  of  Nansimond  River,  which 
shorten'd  their  Journey  7  or  8  Miles,  •&  from  thence  his  Son  con- 
ducted them  into  the  great  Road.  Then  they  past  for  several 
Miles  together  by  the  North  Side  of  the  Great  Dismal,  and  after  a 
Journey  of  25  Miles,  arriv'd  in  good  Order  at  Maj""  Crawford's^^ 
over  against  Norfolk  Town.  Just  before  they  got  hither,  the  Lag 
Commissioners  over  took  them,  and  all  the  Men  were  drawn  up 


^  The  Baker  family  was  prominent  in  Isle  of  Wight  County,  Lawrence  Baker, 
being  a  vestryman  of  New  Port  Parish  from  1724  to  1737  and  James  Baker,  Clerk 
of  the  County  Court,  1732-1734.  Colonel  Thomas  Godding  was  Colonel  Thomas 
Godwin  of  Nansemond  County. 

^  Major  William  Crawford,  a  member  of  the  County  Court  of  Norfolk  in  1728.  See 
Lower  Norfolk  County,  Virginia,  Antiquary,  Vol.  I,  p.  80. 


36  History  of  the  Dividi.ng  Line  [March 

Here  the  Commissioners  left  the  Men  with  all  the  Horses  and  heavy  Bag- 
gage, and  crosst  the  River  with  their  Servants  only,  for  fear  of  making 
a  Famine  in  the  Town. 

Norfolk  has  most  the  ayr  of  a  Town  of  any  in  Virginia.  There  were 
then  near  20  Brigantines  and  Sloops  riding  at  the  Wharves,  and  often- 
times they  have  more.  It  has  all  the  advantages  of  Situation  requisite  for 
Trade  and  Navigation.  There  is  a  Secure  Harbour  for  a  good  Number 
of  Ships  of  any  Burthen.  Their  River  divides  itself  into  3  Several 
Branches,  which  are  all  Navigable.  The  Town  is  so  near  the  sea,  that  its 
Vessels  may  Sail  in  and  out  in  a  few  Hours.  Their  Trade  is  Chiefly  to 
the  West-Indies,  whither  they  export  abundance  of  Beef,  Pork,  Flour  and 
Lumber.^  The  worst  of  it  is,  they  contribute  much  towards  debauching 
the  Country  by  importing  abundance  of  Rum,  which,  like  Ginn  in  Great 
Britain,  breaks  the  Constitution,  Vitiates  the  Morals,  and  ruins  the  In- 
dustry of  most  of  the  Poor  people  of  this  Country. 

This  Place  is  the  Mart  for  most  of  the  Commodities  produced  in  the 
Adjacent  Parts  of  North  Carolina.  They  have  a  pretty  deal  of  Lumber 
from  the  Borderers  on  the  Dismal,  who  make  bold  with  the  King's  Land 
there  abouts,  without  the  least  Ceremony.  They  not  only  maintain  their 
Stocks  u£on  it,  but  get  Boards,  Shingles  and  other  Lumber  out  of  it  in 
great  Abundance. 

The  Town  is  built  on  a  level  Spot  of  Ground  upon  Elizabeth  River, 
the  Banks  whereof  are  neither  so  high  as  to  make  the  landing  of  Goods 
troublesome,  or  so  low  as  to  be  in  Danger  of  over-flowing.  The  Streets 
are  Straight,  and  adorned  with  several  Good  Houses,  which  Encrease  every 
Day.  It  is  not  a  Town  of  Ordinarys  and  Publick  Houses,  like  most  others 
in  this  Country,  but  the  Inhabitants  consist  of  Merchants,  Ship-Carpenters 
and  other  useful  Artisans,  with  Sailors  enough  to  manage  their  Navigation. 
With  all  these  Conveniences,  it  lies  under  the  two  great  disadvantages  that 
most  of  the  Towns  in  Holland  do,  by  having  neither  good  Air  nor  good 
Water.  The  two  Cardinal  Vertues  that  make  a  Place  thrive.  Industry 
and  Frugality,  are  seen  here  in  Perfection;  and  so  long  as  they  can  banish 
Luxury  and  Idleness,  the  Town  will  remain  in  a  happy  and  flourishing 
Condition. 

The  Method  of  building  Wharff"s  here  is  after  the  following  Manner. 
They  lay  down  long  Pine  Logs,  that  reach  from  the  Shore  to  the  Edge  of 
the  Channel.  These  are  bound  fast  together  by  Cross-Pieces  notcht 
into  them,  according  to  the  Architecture  of  the  Log-Houses  in  North 
Carolina.  A  wharff"  built  thus  will  stand  Several  Years,  in  spight  of  the 
Worm,  which  bites  here  very  much,  but  may  be  soon  repaired  in  a  Place 
where  so  many  Pines  grow  in  the  Neighbourhood. 


March]  The  Secret  History  37 

to  receive  them.  Meanwell  was  so  Civil  as  to  Excuse  his  not  meet- 
ing Steddy  at  M""  Aliens  as  had  been  agreed;  but  Firebrand  was 
too  big  for  Apology.  It  was  agreed  to  leave  the  Men  &  the  heavy 
Baggage  at  Maj'.  Crawfords  (having  made  the  necessary  Provision 
for  it)  &  pass  over  to  Norfolk  only  with  the  Servants  &  Port- 
mantles,  that  the  Town's  Men  might  not  be  frighten'd  from  en- 
tertaining them.  Here  they  divided  their  Quarters  that  as  little 
trouble  might  be  given,  as  possible,  and  it  was  Steddy's  fortune, 
after  some  apprehensions  of  going  to  the  Ordinary  to  be  invited 
by  CoP  Newton."^  To  shew  his  regard  to  the  Church  he  took  the 
Chaplain  along  with  him.  M"^*  Newton  provided  a  clean  Supper 
without  any  Luxury  about  8  a  Clock,  and  appear'd  to  be  one  of 
the  fine  Ladys  of  the  Town,  and  like  a  true  fine  Lady  to  have  a 
great  deal  of  Contempt  for  her  Husband. 

2.  This  Morning  Old  CoF  Boush,"^  made  Steddy  a  visit  with  the 
tender  of  his  Service.  There  was  no  Soul  in  the  Town  knew  how 
the  Land  lay  betwixt  this  Place  &  Coratuck  Inlet,  til  at  last  M"" 
William  Williams  that  lives  upon  the  Borders  drew  a  rough  Sketch 
that  gave  a  general  Notion  of  it.  The  light  given  by  this  Draught 
determin'd  the  Commissioners  to  march  to  the  Landing  of  North- 
west River,  and  there  embark  in  a  Periauga  in  Order  to  meet  the 
Commissioners  of  Carolina  at  Coratuck.  It  was  really  a  pleasure 
to  see  12  or  14  Sea  Vessels,  riding  in  the  Harbour  of  this  City, 
&  several  Wharfs  built  out  into  the  River  to  land  goods  upon.  The 
Wharfs  were  built  with  Pine  Logs  let  into  each  other  at  the  End, 
by  which  those  underneath  are  made  firm  by  those  which  lye 
over  them.  Here  the  Commissioners  were  supply'd  with  2  Caggs 
of  Wine,  &  2  of  Rum,  173'''  of  Bread,  &  several  other  Con- 
veniencys.  Our  good  Landlord  entertain'd  Steddy,  and  the  Chap- 
lain at  Dinner,  but  Firebrand  refused,  because  he  was  not  sent  to 
in  due  form.  In  the  Evening  the  Commissioners  were  invited  to 
an  Oyster  and  a  Bowl  by  M'  Sam  Smith  a  plain  Man  worth  20000 
Pounds.     He  produc'd  his  2  Nieces,  whose  charms  were  all  in- 


^  George  Newton,  Lieutenant-Colonel  of  Militia  in  Norfolk  County,  one  of  the 
trustees  of  the  Town  of  Norfolk  in  the  transfer  of  land  owned  by  the  town  to  Norfolk 
Academy.  In  1744  he  was  a  member  of  the  County  Court  of  Norfolk.  {Lower  Norfolk 
County,   Virginia,  Antiquary,  Vol.  I,  pp.  78-81,  117.) 

^  Samuel  Boush,  member  of  the  County  Court  of  Norfolk  in  1728.  Today  there 
is  a  Boush  Avenue  in  Norfolk. 


38  History  of  the  Dividi-ng  Line  [March 


The  Commissioners  endeavourd,  in  this  Town,  to  list  Three  more  men 
to  serve  as  Guides  in  that  dirty  Part  of  the  Country,  but  found  that  these 
People  knew  just  enough  of  that  frightful  Place  to  avoid  it. 

They  had  been  told  that  those  Netherlands  were  full  of  Bogs,  of  Marshes 
and  Swamps,  not  fit  for  Human  Creatures  to  engage  in,  and  this  was 
Reason  enough  for  them  not  to  hazard  their  Persons.  So  they  told  us,  flat 
and  plain,  that  we  might  een  daggle  thro  the  mire  by  Our-Selves  for 
them. 

The  worst  of  it  was,  we  coud  not  learn  from  any  body  in  this  Town, 
what  Rout  to  take  to  Coratuck  Inlet;  till  at  least  we  had  the  fortune  to 
meet  with  a  Borderer  upon  North  Carolina,  who  made  a  rough  Sketch 
of  that  Part  of  the  Country.  Thus,  upon  seeing  how  the  Land  lay,  we 
determind  to  march  directly  to  Prescot  Landing  upon  N  W  River,  and 
proceed  from  thence  by  Water  to  the  Place  where  our  Line  was  to  begin. 


4.  In  Pursuance  of  this  Resolution  we  crosst  the  River  this  Morning 
to  Powder-Point,-''  where  we  all  took  Horse;  and  the  Grandees  of  the 
Town,  with  great  Courtesy,  conducted  us  Ten  Miles  on  our  way,  as  far 
as  the  long  Bridge  built  over  the  S  Branch  of  the  River,  The  Parson 
of  the  Parish,  Mr.  Marston,-^  a  painful  Apostle  from  the  Society,  made 
one  in  this  Ceremonious  Cavalcade. 

At  the  Bridge,  these  Gentlemen  wishing  us  a  good  Deliverance,  returnd, 
and  then  a  Troop  of  Light  Horse  escorted  us  as  far  as  Prescot-Landing, 
upon  N  W  River.    Care  had  been  taken  beforehand  to  provide  2  Periaugas 


'  Today  a  suburb  of  Norfolk,  known  as  Berkeley. 
Rev.  Richard  Marsden,  Lynnhaven  Parish,  Princess  Anne  County. 


March]  The  Secret  History  39 

visible.  These  Damsals  seem'd  discontented  that  their  Uncle 
Shew'd  more  distinction  to  his  Housekeeper  than  to  them.  We 
endeavour'd  to  hire  2  or  3  Men,  here  to  go  a  long  with  Us:  but 
might  for  the  same  price  have  hired  them  to  make  a  Trip  to  the 
Other  World.  They  look't  upon  us,  as  Men  devoted,  like  Codrus 
&  the  2  Decii,  to  certain  destruction  for  the  Service  of  our  Country. 
The  Parson  &  I  retum'd  to  our  Quarters  in  good  time  &  good 
Order,  but  my  Man  Tom  broke  the  Rules  of  Hospitality  by  getting 
extreamly  drunk  in  a  Civil  house. 

3d.  This  being  Sunday  we  were  edify 'd  at  Church  by  M'  Mars- 
ton"  with  a  good  Sermon.  People  cou'd  not  attend  their  Devotion 
for  Staring  at  us,  just  as  if  we  had  come  from  China  or  Japan. 
In  the  Mean  time  Firebrand  and  Astrolabe  not  having  quite  so 
much  regard  for  the  Sabbath,  went  to  the  N.  W.  Landing  to  prepare 
Vessels  for  our  Transportation  to  Coratuck.  I  wrote  to  the  Gov- 
ernor an  account  of  our  Progress  thus  far,  with  a  Billet-doux  to 
my  Wife.  The  Wind  blew  very  hard  at  S.W.  all  day:  However 
in  the  Evening  Steddy  order'd  the  Men  &  Horses  to  be  set  over 
the  South  Branch  to  save  time  in  the  Morning.  My  Landlady 
gave  us  Tea,  &  sweeten'd  it  with  the  best  of  her  Smiles.  At  Night 
we  spent  an  hour  with  Col"  Boush  who  stir'd  his  Old  Bones  very 
cheerfully  in  our  Service.  Poor  Orion's  Horse  &  Furniture  were 
much  disorder'd  with  the  Journey  hither.  His  Instrument  wou'd 
not  traverse,  nor  his  Ball  rest  in  the  Socket.  In  short  all  his  Tackle 
had  the  air  of  Distress.  Over  against  the  Town  is  Powder  Point^" 
where  a  Ship  of  any  Burden  may  lye  close  to,  and  the  Men  of 
War  are  us'd  to  Careen. 

4.  About  8  a  Clock  in  the  Morning  we  crost  the  River  to  Powder 
Point,  where  we  found  our  Men  ready  to  take  Horse.  Several  of 
the  Grandees  of  the  Town,  and  the  Parson  among  the  rest,  did 
us  the  Honour  to  attend  Us  as  far  as  the  great  Bridge  over  South 
River,  Here  we  were  met  by  a  Troop  under  the  command  of 
Captain  Wilson^^  who  escorted  us  as  far  as  his  Father's  Castle 
near  the  Dismal.     We  halted  about  a  quarter  of  an  Hour,  and 


™  Rev.  Richard  Marsden,  of  Lynnhaven  Parish,  Princess  Anne  County. 

^  Today  a  suburb  of  Norfolk,  known  as  Berkeley. 

"'  Probably  that  Captain  Willis  Wilson,  Jr.,  who  was  in  1744  a  member  of  the 
County  Court  of  Norfolk.  See  Lower  Norfolk  County,  Virginia,  Antiquary,  Vol.  I, 
p.  117. 


40  History  of  the  Dividlng  Line  [March 

to  lie  ready  at  that  Place  to  transport  us  to  Coratauck  Inlet.  Our  Zeal  was 
so  great  to  get  thither  at  the  time  appointed,  that  we  hardly  allowd  our- 
selves leisure  to  eat,  which  in  truth  we  had  the  less  Stomach  to,  by  reason 
the  dinner  was  served  up  by  the  Landlord,  whose  Nose  stood  on  such 
ticklish  Terms  that  it  was  in  Danger  of  falling  into  the  Dish.  We  therefore 
made  our  Repast  very  short,  and  then  embarkt  with  only  the  Surveyors 
and  Nine  chosen  Men,  leaving  the  rest  at  Mr.  W-n's^^  to  take  Care  of  the 
Horses  and  Baggage.  There  we  also  left  our  Chaplain,  with  the  Charitable 
Intent,  that  the  Gentiles  round  about  might  have  time  and  Opportunity, 
if  they  pleasd,  of  getting  themselves  and  their  children  baptizd. 

We  rowd  down  N  W  River  about  18  miles,  as  far  as  the  Mouth  of  it, 
where  it  empties  itself  into  Albemarle  Sound.  It  was  a  really  Delightful 
Sight,  all  the  way,  to  see  the  Banks  of  the  River  adornd  with  Myrtle, 
Laurel  and  Bay-Trees,  which  preserve  their  Verdue  the  Year  round,  tho 
it  must  be  ownd  that  these  beautiful  Plants,  sacred  to  Venus  and  Appollo, 
grow  commonly  in  very  dirty  Soil.  The  River  is,  in  most  Places,  fifty 
or  Sixty  Yards  wide,  without  spreading  much  wider  at  the  Mouth.  Tis 
remarkable  it  was  never  known  to  Ebb  and  flow  till  the  year  1713, 
when  a  Violent  Storm  opend  a  new  Inlet,  about  5  Miles  South  of  the  old 
one;  since  which  Convulsion,  the  Old  Inlet  is  almost  choakd  up  by  the 
Shifting  of  the  Sand,  and  grows  both  Narrower  and  Shoal  ler  every 
day. 

It  was  dark  before  we  could  reach  the  Mouth  of  the  River,  where  our 
wayward  Stars  directed  us  to  a  Miserable  Cottage.  The  Landlord  was 
lately  removed.  Bag  and  Baggage,  from  Maryland,  thro  a  Strong  Antipathy 
he  had  to  work  and  paying  his  Debts.-^  For  want  of  our  Tent,  we  were 
obligd  to  Shelter  our  Selves  in  this  wretched  Hovel,  where  we  were 
almost  devourd  by  Vermin  of  Various  kinds.  However,  we  were  above 
complaining,  being  all  Philosophers  enough  to  improve  such  Slender 
Distresses  into  Mirth  and  good  Humour. 


5.  The  Day  being  now  come,  on  which  we  had  agreed  to  meet  the 
Commissioners  of  North  Carolina,  we  embarkd  very  early,  which  we 
coud  the  easier  do,  having  no  Temptation  to  stay  where  we  were.  We  shapt 
our  Course  along  the  South  End  of  Knot's  Island,  there  being  no  Passage 
open  on  the  North. 

Farther  Still  to  the  Southward  of  us,  we  discoverd  two  Smaller  Islands, 
that  go  by  the  names  of  Bell's  and  Churche's  Isles.  We  also  saw  a  small 
New  England  Sloop  riding  in  the  Sound,  a  little  to  the  South  of  our 
Course.     She  had  come  in  at  the  New-Inlet,  as  all   other  vessels  have 


^Probably  Willis  Wilson.     See  Secret  History,  Note   30. 
^''Andrew  Dukes.     See  Secret  History,  p.  41. 


March]  The  Secret  History  41 

then  proceeded  to  N.W.  Landing.  Here  Firebrand  had  provided 
a  Dinner  for  us,  serv'd  up  by  the  Master  of  the  House,  whose  Nose 
seem'd  to  stand  upon  very  ticklish  Terms.  After  Dinner  we  chose 
Ten  able  Men  &  embarkt  on  board  2  Periaugas  under  the  command 
of  Cap*  Wilkins,^^  which  carry'd  us  to  the  Mouth  of  N.W.  River. 
By  the  way  we  found  the  Banks  of  the  River  Lined  with  Myrtles  & 
Bay-Trees,  which  afforded  a  Beautiful  Prospect.  These  beautifull 
Plants  dedicated  to  Venus  &  Appollo  grow  in  wet  Ground,  &  so 
dos  the  Wild  Lawrell,  which  in  some  Places  is  intermixt  with  the 
rest.  This  River  is  in  most  places  about  100  Yards  over,  &  had  no 
Tide  til  the  Year  1713  when  a  violent  Tempest  open'd  a  Ncav  Inlet 
about  5  miles  to  the  Southward  of  the  old  One,  which  is  now  about 
clos'd  up,  and  too  Shallow  for  any  Vessel  to  pass  over.  But  the 
New  Inlet  is  deep  enough  for  Sloops.  We  were  4  Hours  in  row- 
ing to  the  Mouth  of  the  River,  being  about  13  Miles  from  the 
Landing.  Here  we  took  up  our  Lodging  at  one  Andrew  Dukes, 
who  had  lately  removed,  or  rather  run  away  hither  from  Maryland* 
We  were  forc't  to  ly  in  Bulk  upon  a  very  dirty  Floor,  that  was 
quite  alive  with  Fleas  &  Chinches,  and  made  us  repent  that  we  had 
not  brought  the  Tent  along  with  Us.  We  had  left  that  with  the 
rest  of  the  heavy  Baggage  at  Cap*  Wilson's,  under  the  Guard  of 
7  Men.  There  we  had  also  left  the  Rev"^  D""  Humdrum  with  the 
hopes  that  all  the  Gentiles  in  the  Neighbourhood  wou'd  bring  their 
Children  to  be  Christen'd,  notwithstanding  some  of  them  had  never 
been  Christen'd  themselves.  Firebrand  had  taken  Care  to  Board 
his  Man  Tipperary  with  Cap*  Wilson,  because  by  being  the  Squire 
of  his  Body  he  thought  him  too  much  a  Gentleman  to  diet  with  the 
rest  of  the  Men  we  left  behind.  This  Indignity  sat  not  easy  upon 
their  Stomachs,  who  were  all  honest  house-keepers  in  good  Cir- 
cumstances. 

5.  At  break  of  Day  we  tum'd  out  properly  speaking,  and  blest 
our  Landlord's  Eyes  with  half  a  Pistole.  About  7  we  embark't, 
&  past  by  the  South  End  of  Knot's  Island,  there  being  no  Passage 
on  the  North.  To  the  Southward,  at  some  Distance  we  saw  Bells 
&  Churches  Islands.  About  Noon  we  arrived  at  the  South  Shoar 
of  Old  Coratuck  Inlet,  and  about  2  we  were  join'd  by  Judge  Jumble 
&  Plausible,  2  of  the  Carolina  Commissioners;  the  other  two  Shoe- 


'  Probably  William  Wilkins,  Justice  of  Norfolk  County  in  1728. 


42  History  of  the  Dividlng  Line  [March 

done  since  the  opening  of  it.  This  Navigation  is  a  little  difficult,  and  fit 
only  for  Vessels  that  draw  no  more  than  ten  feet  Water. 

The  Trade  hither  is  engrosst  by  the  Saints  of  New  England,  who  carry 
off  a  great  deal  of  Tobacco,  without  troubling  themselves  with  paying 
that  Impertinent  Duty  of  a  Penny  a  Pound. 

It  was  just  Noon  before  we  arrived  at  Coratuck  Inlet,  which  is  now  so 
shallow  that  the  Breakers  fly  over  it  with  a  horrible  Sound,  and  at  the 
same  time  afford  a  very  wild  Prospect.  On  the  North  side  of  the  Inlet, 
the  High  Land  terminated  in  a  Bluff  Point,  from  which  a  Spit  of  Sand 
extended  itself  towards  the  South-East,  full  half  a  Mile.  The  Inlet  lies 
between  that  Spit  and  another  on  the  South  of  it,  leaving  an  Opening 
of  not  quite  a  Mile,  which  at  this  day  is  not  practicable  for  any  Vessel 
whatsoever.  And  as  shallow  as  it  now  is,  it  continues  to  fill  up  more  and 
more,  both  the  Wind  and  Waves  rolling  in  the  Sands  from  the  Eastern 
Shoals. 

About  two  a  Clock  in  the  Afternoon  we  were  joind  by  two  of  the 
Carolina  Commissioners,  attended  by  Mr.  S — n,  their  Surveyor.  The 
other  two  were  not  quite  so  punctual,  which  was  the  more  unlucky  for  us, 
because  there  could  be  no  sport  till  they  came.  These  Gentlemen,  it 
seems,  had  the  Carolina-Commission  in  their  keeping,  notwithstanding 
which  they  coud  not  forbear  paying  too  much  regard  to  a  Proverb — 
fashionable  in  ther  Country, — not  to  make  more  hast  than  good  Speed. 

However,  that  we  who  were  punctual  might  not  spend  our  precious 
time  unprofitably,  we  took  the  Several  bearings  of  the  Coast.  We  also 
surveyd  part  of  the  Adjacent  High  Land,  which  had  scarcely  any  Trees 
growing  upon  it,  but  Cedars.  Among  the  Shrubs,  we  were  shewed  here 
and  there  a  Bush  of  Carolina-Tea  calld  Japon,  which  is  one  Species  of  the 
Phylarrea.  This  is  an  Evergreen,  the  Leaves  whereof  have  some  resem- 
balance  to  Tea,  but  differ  very  widely  both  in  Tast  and  Flavour.^" 

We  also  found  some  few  Plants  of  the  Spired  Leaf  Silk  grass,  which 
is  likewise  an  Evergreen,  bearing  on  a  lofty  Stemm  a  large  Cluster  of 
Flowers  of  a  Pale  Yellow.  Of  the  Leaves  of  this  Plant  the  People 
thereabouts  twist  very  strong  Cordage. 

A  vertuoso  might  divert  himself  here  very  well,  in  picking  up  Shells 
of  various  Hue  and  Figure,  and  amongst  the  rest,  that  Species  of  Conque 
Shell  which  the  Indian  Peak  is  made  of.  The  Extremities  of  these  Shells 
are  Blue  and  the  rest  white,  so  that  Peak  of  both  these  Colours  are  drilld 
out  of  one  and  the  same  Shell,  Serving  the  Natives  both  for  Ornament 
and  Money,  and  are  esteemd  by  them  far  beyond  Gold  and  Silver. 

The  Cedars  were  of  Singular  use  to  us  in  the  Absence  of  our  Tent,  which 


^°  The  Yapon  or  Yaupon  is  similar  to  the  holly  tree.  From  its  leaves  the  Southern 
Indians  made  an  emetic  black  drink  which  was  used  ceremoniously  as  well  as  a 
medicine. 


March]  The  Secret  History  43 

brush  &  Puzzlecause  lagg'd  behind,  which  was  the  more  unlucky 
because  we  cou'd  enter  on  no  Business,  for  want  of  the  Carolina 
Commission,  which  these  Gentlemen  had  in  their  keeping.  Jumble 
was  Brother  to  the  late  Dean  of  York,^^  and  if  his  Honour  had  not 
formerly  been  a  Pyrate  himself,  he  seem'd  intimately  acquainted 
with  many  of  them.  Plausible  had  been  bred  in  Christ's  Hospital 
and  had  a  Tongue  as  Smooth  as  the  Commissary,  and  was  al- 
together as  well  qualify'd  to  be  of  the  Society  of  Jesus.  These 
worthy  Gentlemen  were  attended  by  Bo-otes,  as  their  Surveyor, 
a  Young  Man  of  much  Industry,  but  no  Experience.^^  We  had 
now  nothing  to  do  but  to  reconnoitre  the  Place.  The  High  Land 
ended  in  a  blouf  Point,  from  which  a  Spit  of  Sand  extended  itself 
to  the  South  East  about  half  a  Mile.  The  Inlet  lys  between  this 
Spit  &  another  on  the  South  Side,  leaving  a  shoal  Passage  for  the 
Sea  not  above  a  Mile  over.     On  the  East  are  Shoals  that  ran  out  2 


^  Here  is  apparently  a  mistake.  Thomas  Gale,  Dean  of  York,  died  in  1702  and  his 
father  was  a  Christopher  Gale.  The  father  of  Chief  Justice  Gale  was  Rev.  Miles 
Gale.      {Colonial  Records  of  North  Carolina,  Vol.  II,  p.  133.) 

^This  was  Samuel  Swann  (1704-1772),  son  of  that  Major  Smauel  Swann  who  re- 
moved from  Virginia  to  North  Carolina  in  1694,  and  grandson  of  William  Swann  of 
Swann's  Point,  opposite  Jamestown,  Virginia,  and  nephew  of  Edward  Moseley.  He 
was  a  member  of  the  North  Carolina  Assembly  from  Perquimans  County  from  1725 
to  1734,  and  also  for  Onslow  from  1734  to  1762,  and  was  Speaker  from  1742  to  1762. 
See  Colonial  Records  of  North  Carolina,  Vol.  IX,  preface. 


44  History  of  the  Dividlng  Line  [March 

we  had  left  with  the  rest  of  the  Baggage  for  fear  of  overloading  the 
Periaugas.  We  made  a  Circular  Hedge  of  the  Branches  of  this  Tree, 
Wrought  so  close  together  as  to  fence  us  againt  the  Cold  Winds.  We 
then  kindled  a  rouseing  fire  in  the  Center  of  it,  and  lay  round  it,  like  so 
many  Knights  Templars.  But,  as  comfortable  as  this  Lodging  was,  the 
Surveyors  turnd  out  about  2  in  the  Morning  to  try  the  Variation  by  a 
Meridian  taken  from  the  North  Star,  and  found  it  to  be  somewhat  less  than 
three  degrees  West. 

The  Commissioners  of  the  Neighbouring  Colony  came  better  provided 
for  the  Belly  than  the  Business.  They  brought  not  above  two  men  along 
with  them  that  would  put  their  Hands  to  any  thing  but  the  Kettle  and 
the  Frying-Pan.  These  spent  so  much  of  their  Industry  that  way,  that 
they  had  as  little  Spirit  as  Inclination  for  Work. 

6.  At  Noon,  having  a  Perfect  Observation,  we  found  the  Latitude  of 
Coratuck  Inlet  to  be  36  Degrees  and  31  Minutes. 

Whilst  we  were  busied  about  these  Necessary  Matters,  our  Skipper 
row'd  to  an  Oyster  Bank  just  by,  and  loaded  his  Periauga  with  Oysters  as 
Savoury  and  well-tasted  as  those  from  Colchester  of  Walfleet,  and  had 
the  advantage  of  them,  too,  by  being  much  larger  and  fatter. 

About  3  in  the  Afternoon  the  two  lagg  Commissioners  arriv'd,  and 
after  a  few  decent  excuses  for  making  us  wait,  told  us  they  were  ready 
to  enter  upon  Business  as  soon  as  we  pleas'd.  The  first  Step  was  to  produce 
our  respective  Powers,  and  the  Commission  from  each  Governor  was 
distinctly  read,  and  Copies  of  them  interchangeably  deliver'd. 

It  was  observ'd  by  our  Carolina  Friends,  that  the  Latter  Part  of  the 
Virginia  Commission  had  something  in  it  a  little  too  lordly  and  Positive. 
In  answer  to  which  we  told  them  twas  necessary  to  make  it  thus  peremp- 
tory, lest  the  present  Commissioners  might  go  upon  as  fruitless  an  Errand 
as  their  Predecessors.  The  former  Commissioners  were  ty'd  down  to  Act 
in  Exact  Conjunction  with  those  of  Carolina,  and  so  could  not  advance  one 
Step  farther,  or  one  Jot  faster,  than  they  were  pleas'd  to  permit  them. 

The  Memory  of  that  disappointment,  therefore,  induc'd  the  Government 
of  Virginia  to  give  fuller  Powers  to  the  present  Commissioners,  by 
Authorizing  them  to  go  on  with  the  Work  by  Themselves,  in  Case  those  of 
Corolina  should  prove  unreasonable,  and  refuse  to  join  with  them  in 
carrying  the  business  to  Execution.  And  all  this  was  done  lest  His 
Majesty's  gracious  Intention  should  be  frustrated  a  Second  time. 

After  both  Commissions  were  considered,  the  first  Question  was,  where 
the  Dividing  Line  was  to  begin.  This  begat  a  Warm  debate;  the  Virginia 
Commissioners  contending,  with  a  great  deal  of  Reason,  to  begin  at  the 
End  of  the  Spitt  of  Sand,  which  was  undoubtedly  the  North  Shore  of 
Corautck  Inlet.    But  those  of  Carolina  insisted  Strenuously,  that  the  Point 


March]  The  Secret  History  45 

or  3  Miles,  over  which  the  Breakers  rise  Mountains  high  with  a 
Terrible  Noise.  I  often  cast  a  longing  Eye  towards  England,  & 
Sigh'd.  This  Night  we  lay  for  the  first  time  in  the  Woods,  and 
being  without  the  Tent,  we  made  a  Bower  of  the  Branches  of 
Cedar,  with  a  large  Fire  in  Front,  to  guard  us  from  the  North- 
Wester,  which  blew  very  smartly.  At  Night  Young  Astrolabe 
came  to  Us,  &  gave  great  Jealousy  to  Orion.  His  Wigg  was  in 
such  Stiff  Buckle,  that  if  he  had  seen  the  Devil  the  Hair  wou'd 
not  have  stood  on  end.  This  Night  we  found  the  variation  to  be 
3°  West,  by  a  due  Meridian  taken  from  the  North  Star. 


6.  We  were  treated  at  Breakfast  by  the  Commissioners  of  Caro- 
lina, who  coming  from  home  by  Water,  were  much  better  provided 
for  the  Belly  than  the  Business.  At  Noon  we  found  the  Latitude 
to  be  36°  31  according  to  Astrolabe,  but  Orion  to  prove  his  Skill 
in  the  Mathematicks,  by  flat  Contradiction  wou'd  needs  have  it  but 
36°  30'.  Cap*  Wilkins  fumish't  us  with  excellent  Oysters,  as 
savory  &  well  tasted  as  those  in  England.  About  3  a  Cloak  Mess''^ 
Shoebrush  &  Puzzlecause  made  a  Shift  to  come  to  Us,  after  call- 
ing at  every  House,  where  they  expected  any  Refreshment;  after 
the  necessary  Complements,  &  a  Thousand  Excuses  for  making 
us  wait  for  them  so  long,  we  began  to  enter  upon  business.  We 
had  a  tough  dispute  where  we  shou'd  begin:  whether  at  the  Point 
of  high  Land,  or  at  the  End  of  the  Spit  of  Sand,  which  we  with 
good  reason  maintain'd  to  be  the  North  Shoar  of  Coratuck  Inlet, 
according  to  the  Express  Words  of  his  Majesty's  Order.  They 
had  no  argument  to  Support  our  beginning  at  the  High-Land,  but 
because  the  former  Commissioners  for  Virginia  submitted  to  it. 
But  if  what  they  did  was  to  be  a  Rule  for  Us,  then  we  ought  to 
allow  no  Variation  of  the  Compass,  because  those  Gentlemen 
allow'd  of  None.  This  Controversy  lasted  til  Night  neither  Side 
receding  from  its  Opinion.  However  by  the  lucky  advice  of  Fire- 
brand, I  took  Plausible  aside  &  let  him  know  the  Government  of 
Virginia  had  look't  upon  him  as  the  Sole  Obstacle  to  tlie  settling 
the  Bounds  formerly,  and  if  we  shou'd  break  off  now  upon  this 
frivolous  Pretence,  he  wou'd  surely  bear  the  Blame  again.    At  the 


46  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [March 

of  High  Land  ought  rather  to  be  the  Place  of  Beginning,  because  that  was 
fixt  and  certain,  whereas  the  Spitt  of  Sand  was  ever  Shifting,  and  did 
actually  run  out  farther  now  than  formerly.  The  Contest  lasted  some 
Hours,  with  great  Vehemence,  neither  Party  receding  from  their  Opinion 

that  Night.    But  next  Morning,  Mr.  M ,    to  convince  us  he  was 

not  that  Obstinate  Person  he  had  been  represented,  yielded  to  our  Reasons, 
and  found  Means  to  bring  over  his  Collegues. 

Here  we  began  already  to  reap  the  Benefit  of  those  Peremptory  Words 
in  our  Commission,  which  in  truth  added  some  Weight  to  our  Reasons. 
Nevertheless,  because  positive  proof  was  made  by  the  Oaths  of  two 
Credible  Witnesses,  that  the  Spitt  of  Sand  had  advanced  200  Yards 
towards  the  Inlet  since  the  Controversy  first  began,  we  were  willing  for 
Peace-sake  to  make  them  that  allowance.  Accordingly  we  fixed  our 
Beginning  about  that  Distance  North  of  the  Inlet,  and  there  Ordered  a 
Cedar-Post  to  be  driven  deep  into  the  Sand  for  our  beginning.  While  we 
continued  here,  we  were  told  that  on  the  South  Shore,  not  far  from  the 
Inlet,  dwelt  a  Marooner,  that  Modestly  call'd  himself  a  Hermit,  tho'  he 
forfeited  that  Name  by  Suffering  a  wanton  Female  to  cohabit  with 
Him. 

His  Habitation  was  a  Bower,  cover'd  with  Bark  after  the  Indian  Fashion, 
which  in  that  mild  Situation  protected  him  pretty  well  from  the  Weather. 
Like  the  Ravens,  he  neither  plow'd  nor  sow'd,  but  Subsisted  chiefly  upon 
Oysters,  which  his  Handmaid  made  a  Shift  to  gather  from  the  Adjacent 
Rocks.  Sometimes,  too,  for  Change  of  Dyet,  he  sent  her  to  drive  up  the 
Neighbour's  Cows,  to  moisten  their  Mouths  with  a  little  Milk.  But  as  for 
raiment,  he  depended  mostly  upon  his  Length  of  Beard,  and  She  upon 
her  Length  of  Hair,  part  of  which  she  brought  decently  forward,  and  the 
rest  dangled  behind  quite  down  to  her  Rump,  like  one  of  Herodotus's 
East  Indian  Pigmies. 

Thus  did  these  Wretches  live  in  a  dirty  State  of  Nature,  and  were  mere 
Adamites,   Innocence   only  excepted. 

7.  This  Morning  the  Surveyors  began  to  run  the  Dividing  line  from  the 
Cedar-Post  we  had  driven  into  the  Sand,  allowing  near  3  Degrees  for  the 
Variation.  Without  making  this  Just  allowance,  we  should  not  have  obeyd 
his  Majesty's  order  in  running  a  Due  West  Line.  It  seems  the  former  Com- 
missioners had  not  been  so  exact,  which  gave  our  Friends  of  Carolina 
but  too  just  an  Exception  to  their  Proceedings. 

The  Line  cut  Dosier's  Island,  consisting  only  of  a  Flat  Sand,  with  here 
and  there  an  humble  Shrub  growing  upon  it.  From  thence  it  crost  over  a 
narrow  Arm  of  the  Sound  into  Knot's  Island,  and  there  Split  a  Plantation 
belonging  to  William  Harding. 


March]  The  Secret  History  47 

same  time  I  show'd  him  a  Representation  made  to  the  late  Queen 
by  Col"  Spotswood,  greatly  to  his  disadvantage.  This  work't  so 
powerfully  upon  his  Politick  that  he  without  loss  of  time  soften'd 
his  Brethren  in  such  a  Manner,  that  they  came  over  to  our  Opinion. 
They  were  the  rather  perswaded  to  this  by  the  Peremptory  Words 
of  our  Commission,  by  which  we  were  directed  to  go  on  with 
the  Business  tho'  the  Carolina  Commissioners  shou'd  refuse  to 
join  with  us  therein.  However  by  reason  of  some  Proof  that  was 
made  to  us  by  the  Oaths  Credible  Persons,  that  the  Spit  of  Sand 
was  advanced  about  200  Yards  to  the  Southward  since  the  Year 
1712  when  the  Proposals  between  the  Govemours  Eden  &  Spots- 
wood  were  agreed  upon,  we  thought  it  reasonable  to  allow  for  so 
much.  And  accordingly  made  our  Beginning  from  thence.  Upon 
the  high-Land  we  found  One  kind  of  Silk  Grass,  and  plenty  of 
Japon,  which  passes  for  Tea  in  North  Carolina,  tho'  nothing  like 
it.  On  the  Sands  we  saw  Conque-Shells  in  great  Number  of  which 
the  Indians  make  both  their  Blue  &  white  Peak,  both  colours  being 
in  different  Parts  of  the  same  Shell. 


7.  We  drove  down  a  Post  at  our  Place  of  beginning,  &  then  crost 
over  to  Dosior's  Island,  which  is  nothing  but  a  flat  Sand  with 
Shrubs  growing  upon  it.  From  thence  we  past  over  to  the  North 
End  of  Knob's  Island,  our  Line  running  thro'  the  Plantation  of  W™ 
Harding.  This  Man  had  a  wife  bom  &  bred  near  Temple  Bar, 
and  stil  talk't  of  the  Walks  in  the  Temple  with  Pleasure.  These 
poor  People  bestow'd  their  Wood  &  their  Water  upon  us  very 
freely.  We  found  Shoebrush  a  merry  good  humor'd  Man,  and 
had  learnt  a  very  decent  behaviour  from  Govemour  Hyde,  to 
whom  he  had  been  Valet  de  Chambre,  of  which  he  still  carry'd 
the  marks  by  having  his  coat,  wast-coat  &  Breeches  of  diff^erent 
Parishes.  Puzzlecause  had  degenerated  from  a  New-England 
Preacher  for  which  his  Godly  Parents  design'd  him,  to  a  very 
wicked,  but  awkward.  Rake.  I  had  almost  forgot  to  mention  a 
Marooner  who  had  the  Confidence  to  call  himself  an  Hermit,  liv- 
ing on  the  South  Shoar  of  Coratuck  near  the  Inlet.  He  has  no 
other  Habitation  but  a  green  Bower  or  Harbour  with  a  Female 
Domestick  as  wild  &  as  dirty  as  himself.     His  Diet  is  chiefly 


48  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [March 

The  Day  being  far  spent,  we  encampt  in  this  Man's  Pasture,  tho'  it  lay 
very  low,  and  the  Season  now  inclin'd  People  to  Aguish  Distempers.  He 
sufFerd  us  to  cut  Cedar-Branches  for  our  Enclosure,  and  other  Wood  for 
Firing,  to  correct  the  moist  Air  and  drive  away  the  Damps.  Our  Landlady, 
in  the  Days  of  her  Youth,  it  seems,  had  been  a  Laundress  in  the  Temple, 
and  talkt  over  her  Adventurers  in  that  Station,  with  as  much  pleasure 
as  an  Old  Soldier  talks  over  his  Battles  and  Distempers,  and  I  believe  with 
as  many  Additions  to  the  Truth. 

The  Soil  is  good  in  many  Places  of  this  Island,  and  the  Extent  of  it 
pretty  large.  It  lyes  in  the  form  of  a  Wedge:  the  South  End  of  it  is 
Several  Miles  over,  but  towards  the  North  it  Sharpens  into  a  Point.  It  is 
a  Plentiful  Place  for  Stock,  by  reason  of  the  wide  Marshes  adjacent  to  it, 
and  because  of  its  warm  Situation.  But  the  Inhabitants  pay  a  little  dear 
for  this  Convenience,  by  losing  as  much  Blood  in  the  Summer  Season  by 
the  infinite  Number  of  Mosquetas,  as  all  their  Beef  and  Pork  can  recruit 
in  the  Winter. 

The  Sheep  are  as  large  as  in  Lincolnshire,  because  they  are  never 
pincht  by  cold  or  Hunger.  The  whole  Island  was  hitherto  reckon'd  to 
lye  in  Virginia,  but  now  our  Line  has  given  the  greater  Part  of  it  to  Caro- 
lina. The  Principal  Freeholder  here  is  Mr.  White,  who  keeps  open  House 
for  all  Travellers,  that  either  Debt  or  Shipwreck  happens  to  cast  in  his 
way. 

8.  By  break  of  Day  we  sent  away  our  Largest  Periauga,  with  the 
Baggage,  round  the  South  end  of  Knot's  Island,  with  Orders  to  the  Men 
to  wait  for  us  in  the  Mouth  of  North  River.  Soon  after,  we  embarkt  our- 
selves on  board  the  smaller  Vessel,  with  Intent,  if  possible,  to  find  a 
Passage  round  the  North  End  of  the   Island. 

We  found  this  Navigation  very  difficult,  by  reason  of  the  Continued 
Shoals,  and  often  stuck  fast  aground;  for  tho'  the  Sound  spreads  many 
miles,  yet  it  is  in  most  places  extremely  Shallow,  and  requires  a  Skilful 
Pilot  to  Steer  even  a  Canoe  safe  over  it.  It  was  almost  as  hard  to  keep 
our  Temper  as  to  keep  the  Channel,  in  this  provoking  Situation.  But 
the  most  impatient  amongst  us  strokt  down  their  Choler  and  swallow'd 
their  curses,  lest,  if  they  suffer'd  them  to  break  out,  they  might  sound  like 
Complaining,  which  was  expressly  forbid,  as  the  first  Step  to  Sedition. 

At  a  distance  we  descry'd  Several  Islands  to  the  Northward  of  us, 
the  largest  of  which  goes  by  the  Name  of  Cedar  Island.  Our  periauga 
stuck  so  often  that  we  had  a  fair  chance  to  be  benighted  in  this  wide 
Water,  which  must  certainly  have  been  our  Fate,  had  we  not  luckily 
spied  a  Canoe  that  was  giving  a  Fortune-teller  a  cast  from  Princess  Anne 
County  over  to  North  Carolina.  But,  as  conjurers  are  Sometimes  mistaken, 
the  Man  mistrusted  we  were  Officers  of  Justice  in  pursuit  of  a  Young 


March]  The  Secret  History  49 

Oysters,  which  he  has  just  Industry  enough  to  gather  from  the 
Neighbouring  Oyster  Banks,  while  his  Concubine  makes  a  Prac- 
tice of  driving  up  the  Neighbour's  Cows  for  the  advantage  of  their 
Milk.  Orion  seem'd  to  be  grievously  puzzled  about  Plotting  off 
his  Surveyor's  Work,  and  chose  rather  to  be  oblig'd  to  the  Carolina 
Commissioners,  than  to  M'^  Mayo,  for  their  Instruction,  which  it 
was  evident  to  every  Body  that  he  wanted.  The  Truth  of  it  is,  he 
had  been  much  more  discreet  to  loiter  on  at  the  College,  &  receive 
his  Sallary  quietly  (which  he  ows  to  his  Relation  to  the  pious 
Commissary)  than  to  undertake  a  Business  which  disco ver'd  he 
knew  very  little  of  the  matter. 


8.  We  quitted  our  Camp  about  7  &  early  dispatch't  away  the 
large  Periauga  with  the  Heavy  Baggage  &  most  of  the  Men  round 
the  South  End  of  Knots  Island.  About  9  we  embark't  ourselves 
on  board  the  Resser  Periauga  under  the  Pilotage  of  Cap*  Wilkins, 
&  steer'd  our  Course  towards  the  North  End  of  the  Island.  This 
Navigation  was  so  difficult  by  reason  of  the  perpetual  Shoals,  that 
we  were  often  fast  aground:  but  Firebrand  swore  us  off  again 
very  soon.  Our  Pilot  wou'd  have  been  a  miserable  Man  if  One 
half  of  that  Gentleman's  Curses  had  taken  effect.  It  was  remark- 
able to  see  how  mild  &  unmov'd  the  poor  man  was  under  so  much 
heavy  displeasure  insomuch  that  the  most  passionate  Expression 
that  escap't  him  was,  0  for  ever  &  after!  which  was  his  form  of 
Swearing.  We  had  been  benighted  in  that  wide  Water,  had  we 
not  met  a  Canoe  that  was  carrying  a  Conjurer  from  Princess  Ann 
to  Carolina.  But  as  all  Conjurors  are  sometimes  mistaken,  he 
took  us  at  first  for  Pyrates,  what  was  worse  for  him,  he  suspected 
afterwards  that  we  were  Officers,  that  were  in  pursuit  of  him  & 
a  Woman  that  past  for  his  Wife.    However  at  last  being  undeceiv'd 


50  History  of  the  Dividlng  Line  [March 

Wench  he  had  carry'd  off  along  with  him.  We  gave  the  Canoe  Chase 
for  more  than  an  Hour  and  when  we  came  up  with  her,  threatend  to  make 
them  all  prisoners  unless  they  would  direct  us  into  the  right  Channel. 

By  the  Pilotage  of  these  People  we  row'd  up  an  Arm  of  the  Sound, 
call'd  the  Back-Bay,  till  we  came  to  the  Head  of  it.  There  we  were 
stoppt  by  a  Miry  Pocoson  full  half  a  Mile  in  Breadth,  thro'  which  we  were 
oblig'd  to  daggle  on  foot,  plungeing  now  and  then,  tho'  we  pickt  our 
Way,  up  to  the  Knees  in  Mud.  At  the  End  of  this  Charming  walk  we 
gain'd  the  Terra  Firma  of  Princess  Anne  County.  In  that  Dirty  Condi- 
tion we  were  afterwards  oblig'd  to  foot  it  two  Miles,  as  far  as  John  Heath's 
Plantation,  where  we  expected  to  meet  the  Surveyors  &  the  men  who 
waited  upon  them. 

While  we  were  performing  this  tedious  Voyage,  they  had  carried  the 
Line  thro'  the  firm  Land  of  Knot's  Island,  where  it  was  no  more  than 
half  a  Mile  wide.  After  that  they  travers'd  a  large  Marsh,  that  was  ex- 
ceeding Miry,  and  extended  to  an  Arm  of  the  Back-Bay.  They  crosst 
that  water  in  a  Canoe,  which  we  had  order'd  round  for  that  Purpose,  and 
then  waded  over  another  Marsh,  that  reacht  quite  to  the  High  Land  of 
Princess  Anne.  Both  these  Marshes  together  make  a  breadth  of  five  Miles, 
in  which  the  Men  frequently  sunk  up  to  the  Middle  without  muttering 
the  least  complaint.  On  the  contrary,  they  turn'd  all  these  Disasters  into 
Merriment. 

It  was  discover'd,  by  this  day's  Work,  that  Knot's  Island  was  improperly 
so  call'd,  being  in  Truth  no  more  than  a  Peninsula.  The  N  W  Side  of  it 
is  only  divided  from  the  Main  by  the  great  Marsh  above-mentioned,  which 
is  seldom  totally  overflow'd.  Instead  of  that,  it  might,  by  the  Labour  of 
a  few  Trenches,  be  drain'd  into  firm  Meadow,  capable  of  grazing  as  many 
cattle  as  Job,  in  his  best  Estate,  was  master  of.  In  the  Miry  Condition 
it  now  lies,  it  feeds  great  Numbers  in  the  Winter,  tho',  when  the  Weather 
grows  warm,  they  are  driven  from  thence  by  the  Mighty  Armies  of 
Mosquetas,  which  are  the  Plague  of  the  lower  Part  of  Carolina,  as  much 
as  the  Flies  were  formerly  of  Egypt,  and  some  Rabbis  think  those  Flies 
were  no  other  than  Mosquetas. 

All  the  People  in  the  Neighbourhood  flockt  to  John  Heath's,  to  behold 
such  Rarities  as  they  fancied  us  to  be.  The  Men  left  their  belov'd  Chimney 
Corners,  the  good  women  their  Spinning  Wheels,  and  some,  of  more 
Curiosity  than  Ordinary,  rose  out  of  their  sick  Beds,  to  come  and  stare  at 
us.  They  lookt  upon  us  as  a  Troop  of  Knight  Errants,  who  were  running 
this  great  Risque  of  our  Lives,  as  they  imagin'd,  for  the  Public  Weal; 
and  some  of  the  gravest  of  them  question'd  much  whether  we  were  not  all 
Criminals,  condemned  to  this  dirty  work  for  Offences  against  the  State. 

What  puzzled  them  most  was,  what  cou'd  make  our  men  so  very  Light- 


March]  The  Secret  History  51 

in  both  these  points,  they  sufFer'd  us  to  Speak  with  them,  &  directed 
us  in  the  Course  we  were  to  Steer.  By  their  Advice  we  row'd  up 
a  Water  call'd  the  Back-Bay,  as  far  as  a  Skirt  of  Pocoson  a  quarter 
of  a  Mile  in  Breadth.  Thro'  this  we  waded  up  to  the  Knees  in 
Mud  &  got  Safe  on  the  firm  Land  of  Princess-Ann  County.  Dur- 
ing this  Voyage  Shoebrush  in  Champing  a  Biscuit,  forc't  out  one 
of  his  Teeth,  which  an  unlucky  Flux  had  left  loose  in  his  Head. 
And  tho'  one  of  his  Feet  was  inflam'd  with  the  Gout,  yet  he  was 
forc't  to  walk  2  Miles  as  well  as  the  rest  of  us  to  John  Heath's 
where  we  took  up  our  Quarters.  Amongst  other  Spectators  came 
2  Girls  to  see  us,  one  of  which  was  very  handsome,  &  the  other 
very  willing.  However  we  only  saluted  them,  &  if  we  committed 
any  Sin  at  all,  it  was  only  in  our  Hearts.  Cap*  White  a  Grandee 
of  Nott's  Island,  &  M""  Moss  a  Grandee  of  Princess-Ann  made  us 
a  visit  &  helpt  to  empty  our  Liquor.^^  The  Surveyors  &  their  at- 
tendants came  to  us  at  Night,  after  wading  thro'  a  Marsh  near  5 
Miles  in  Breadth,  which  stretches  from  the  West  Side  of  Knot's 
Island,  to  the  high-Land  of  Princess-Ann.  In  this  Marsh  several 
of  the  Men  had  plung'd  up  to  the  Middle,  however  they  kept  up 
their  good  Humour,  &  only  made  Sport  of  what  others  wou'd  have 
made  a  Calamity. 


^  Reference  is  doubtless  to  Capt.  Solomon  White  of  Princess  Anne  County.    There 
is  no  record  of  a  Moss  family  in  that  County. 


52  History  of  the  Dividlng  Line  [March 

hearted  under  such  intolerable  Drudgery.  "Ye  have  little  reason  to  be 
merry,  My  Masters,"  said  one  of  them,  with  a  very  solemn  Face,  "I 
fancy  the  Pocoson  you  must  Struggle  with  to-morrow  will  make  you 
change  your  Note,  and  try  what  Metal  you  are  made  of.  Ye  are,  to  be 
sure,  the  first  of  Human  Race  that  ever  had  the  Boldness  to  attempt  it, 
and  I  dare  say  will  be  the  last.  If,  therefore,  you  have  any  Worldly 
Goods  to  dispose  of.  My  Advice  is  that  you  make  your  Wills  this  very 
Night,  for  fear  you  die  Intestate  to-Morrow."  But,  alas!  these  frightfull 
Tales  were  so  far  from  disheartening  the  men  that  they  serv'd  only  to 
whet  their  Resolution. 

9.  The  Surveyors  enter'd  Early  upon  their  Business  this  Morning, 
and  ran  the  Line  thro'  Mr.  Eyland's  Plantation,  as  far  as  the  Banks  of 
North  River.  They  passt  over  it  in  the  Periauga,  and  landed  in  Gibbs' 
Marsh,  which  was  a  mile  in  Breadth,  and  tolerably  firm.  They  trudg'd 
thro'  this  Marsh  without  much  difficulty  as  far  as  the  High  Land,  which 
promis'd  more  Fertility  than  any  they  had  seen  in  these  Parts.  But  this 
firm  Land  lasted  not  long  before  they  came  upon  the  dreadful  Pocoson 
they  had  been  threaten'd  with.  Nor  did  they  find  it  one  Jot  better  than  it 
had  been  painted  to  them.  The  Beavers  and  Otters  had  render'd  it  quite 
impassable  for  any  Creature  but  themselves. 

Our  poor  Fellows  had  much  ado  to  drag  their  Legs  after  them  in  this 
Quagmire,  but  disdaining  to  be  baulkt,  they  cou'd  hardly  be  persuaded 
from  pressing  forward  by  the  Surveyors,  who  found  it  absolutely  Neces- 
sary to  make  a  Traverse  in  the  Deepest  Place,  to  prevent  their  Sticking 
fast  in  the  Mire,  and  becoming  a  Certain  Prey  to  the  Turkey-Buzzards. 

This  Horrible  Day's  Work  Ended  two  Miles  to  the  Northward  of  Mr. 
Merchant's  Plantation,  divided  from  N  W  River  by  a  Narrow  Swamp, 
which  is  causway'd  over.  We  took  up  our  Quarters  in  the  open  Field, 
not  far  from  the  House,  correcting,  by  a  Fire  as  large  as  a  Roman- 
Funeral-Pile,  the  Aguish  Exhalations  arising  from  the  Sunken  Grounds 
that  Surrounded  us. 

The  Neck  of  Land  included  betwixt  N  River  and  N-West  River,  with  the 
adjacent  Marsh,  belong'd  formerly  to  Governor  Gibbs,^^  but  since  his 
Decease  to  Colonel  Bladen,^-  in  right  of  his  first  Lady,  who  was  Mr.  Gibbs' 
Daughter.  It  would  be  a  Valuable  Tract  of  Land  in  any  Country  but 
North  Carolina,  where,  for  want  of  Navigation  and  Commerce,  the  best 
Estate  affords  little  more  than  a  coarse  Subsistence. 


^^  John  Gibbs,  of  the  Currituck  region,  who,  in  1690,  claimed  to  be  Governor  of 
North  Carolina  and  resisted  the  authority  of  Philip  Ludwell,  the  appointee  of  the 
Proprietors.  His  claim  was  probably  due  to  an  election  by  the  Council  after  the 
expulsion  of  Seth  Sothel  by  the  Assembly.  Ludwell  appealed  to  Governor  Nicholson 
of  Virginia  for  intervention  and  Nicholson  reported  to  the  Crown  that  he  had  quieted 
the  controversy.  Ludwell  and  Gibbs  both  went  to  England  to  lay  their  case  before 
the  proper  authorities,   Ludwell  winning. 

*^  Martin  Bladen  (1680-1746),  Whig  politician,  and  member  of  the  Board  of  Trade 
from  1717  to  his  death.     His  wife  was  Mary  Gibbs. 


March]  The  Secret  History  53 


9.  In  the  Morning  we  walk't  with  the  Surveyors  to  the  Line,  which 
cut  thro'  Eyland's  Plantation,  &  came  to  the  Banks  of  North  River. 
Hither  the  Girls  above  mention'd  attended  us,  but  an  Old  Woman 
came  along  with  them  for  the  Security  of  their  Vertue.  Others  rose 
out  of  their  Sick  Beds  to  see  such  Raritys  as  we  were.  One  of 
our  Periaugas  sat  the  Surveyors  &  5  Men  over  North  River.  They 
landed  in  a  miry  Marsh,  which  led  to  a  very  deep  Pocoson.  Here 
they  met  with  Bever  Dams  &  Otter  holes,  which  it  was  not  prac- 
ticable to  pass  in  a  direct  Line,  tho'  the  Men  offer'd  to  do  it  with 
great  Alacrity:  But  the  Surveyors  were  contented  to  make  a  Tra- 
verse. While  they  were  struggling  with  these  difficultys,  we  Com- 
missioners went  in  State  in  the  other  Periauga  to  N.  W.  River,  and 
row'd  up  as  high  as  M'^  Merchants.^*^  He  lives  near  half  a  mile 
from  the  River  having  a  Causway  leading  thro'  a  filthy  Swamp 
to  his  Plantation.  I  encampt  in  his  Pasture  with  the  Men,  tho' 
the  other  Commissioners  endulg'd  themselves  so  far  as  to  ly  in 
the  House.  But  it  seems  they  broke  the  Rules  of  Hospitality,  by 
several  gross  Freedoms  they  offer'd  to  take  with  our  Landlord's 
Sister.  She  was  indeed  a  pretty  Girl,  and  therefore  it  was  prudent 
to  send  her  out  of  harm's  Way.  I  was  the  more  concem'd  at  this 
unhandsome  Behaviour,  because  the  People  were  extremely  Civil 
to  us,  &  deserv'd  a  better  Treatment.  The  Surveyors  came  to  us 
at  Night,  very  much  Jaded  with  their  dirty  work,  and  Orion  Slept 
so  Sound  that  he  had  been  buni't  in  his  Blanket,  if  the  Gentry  had 
not  been  kinder  to  him  than  he  deserv'd. 


^  There  was  a  Willoughby  Merchant,  justice  of  Princess  Anne,  at  this  time;   at 
the  close  of  eighteenth  century  his  descendants  lived  in  Norfolk  County. 


54  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [March 

10.  The  Sabbath  happen'd  very  opportunely  to  give  some  ease  to  our 
jaded  People,  who  rested  religiously  from  every  work,  but  that  of  cooking 
the  Kettle.  We  observed  very  few  corn-fields  in  our  Walks,  and  those 
very  small,  which  sem'd  the  Stranger,  to  us,  because  we  could  see  no 
other  Tokens  of  Husbandry  or  Improvement.  But,  upon  further  Inquiry, 
we  were  given  to  understand  People  only  made  Corn  for  themselves  and 
not  for  their  Stocks,  which  know  very  well  how  to  get  their  own  Living. 

Both  Cattle  and  Hogs  ramble  in  the  Neighbouring  Marshes  and  Swamps, 
where  they  maintain  themselves  the  whole  Winter  long,  and  are  not 
fetch'd  home  till  the  Spring.  Thus  these  Indolent  Wretches,  during  one 
half  of  the  Year,  lose  the  Advantage  of  the  Milk  of  their  cattle,  as  well  as 
their  Dung,  and  many  of  the  poor  Creatures  perish  in  the  Mire,  into  the 
Bargain,  by  this  ill  Management. 

Some,  who  pique  themselves  more  upon  Industry  than  their  Neighbours, 
will,  now  and  then,  in  compliment  to  their  Cattle,  cut  down  a  Tree  whose 
Limbs  are  loaden  with  the  Moss  aforemention'd.  The  trouble  wou'd  be 
too  great  to  Climb  the  Tree  in  order  to  gather  this  Provender,  but  the 
Shortest  way  (which  in  this  Country  is  always  counted  the  best)  is  to 
fell  it,  just  like  the  Lazy  Indians,  who  do  the  same  by  such  Trees  as  bear 
fruit,  and  so  make  one  Harvest  for  all.  By  this  bad  Husbandry  Milk  is 
so  Scarce,  in  the  Winter  Season,  that  were  a  Big-belly'd  Woman  to  long 
for  it.  She  would  lose  her  Longing.  And,  in  truth,  I  believe  this  is  often 
the  Case,  and  at  the  same  time  a  very  good  reason  why  so  many  People 
in  this  Province  are  markt  with  a  Custard  Complexion. 

The  only  Business  here  is  raising  of  Hogs,  which  is  manag'd  with  the 
least  Trouble,  and  affords  the  Diet  they  are  most  fond  of.  The  Truth 
of  it  is  the  Inhabitants  of  N  Carolina  devour  so  much  Swine's  flesh,  that 
it  fills  them  full  of  gross  Humours.  For  want  too  of  a  constant  Supply 
of  Salt,  they  are  commonly  obliged  to  eat  it  Fresh,  and  that  begets 
the  highest  taint  of  Scurvy.  Thus,  whenever  a  Severe  Cold  happens  to 
Constitutions  thus  Vitiated,  tis  apt  to  improve  into  the  Yaws,  called  there 
very  justly  the  country-Distemper.  This  has  all  the  Symptoms  of 
the  Pox,  with  this  Aggravation,  that  no  Preparation  of  Mercury  will  touch 
it.  First  it  seizes  the  Throat,  next  the  Palate,  and  lastly  shews  its  spite 
to  the  poor  Nose,  of  which  tis  apt  in  a  small  time  treacherously  to  under- 
mine the  Foundation. 

This  Calamity  is  so  common  and  familiar  here,  that  it  ceases  to  be  a 
Scandal,  and  in  the  disputes  that  happen  about  Beauty,  the  Noses  have 
in  some  Companies  much  ado  to  carry  it.  Nay,  tis  said  that  once,  after 
three  good  Pork  years,  a  Motion  had  like  to  have  been  made  in  the  House 
of  Burgesses,  that  a  Man  with  a  Nose  shou'd  be  incapable  of  holding 
any  Place  of  Profit  in  the  Province;  which  Extraordinary  Motion  could 
never  have  been  intended  without  Some  Hopes  of  a  Majority. 


March]  The  Secret  History  55 

10.  This  being  Sunday  we  rested  the  Men  &  Surveyors,  tho'  we 
cou'd  not  celebrate  the  Sabbath  as  we  ought  for  want  of  our 
Chaplain.  I  had  a  Letter  from  him  informing  me  that  all  was 
well,  both  Soul  &  Body,  under  his  Care.  Cap*  Wilkins  went  home 
to  make  his  wife  a  Visit,  and  brought  me  a  Bottle  of  Milk,  which 
was  better  than  a  Bottle  of  Tokay.  Firebrand  took  all  Occasions 
to  set  Orion  above  Astrolabe,  which  there  was  no  reason  for,  but 
because  he  had  the  Honour  to  be  recommended  by  him.  I  hahed 
as  bad  as  old  Jacob,  without  having  wrestled  with  any  thing  like 
an  Angel. 

The  Men  were  concern'd  at  it,  and  had  observ'd  so  much  of 
Firebrand's  sweet  Temper,  that  they  swore  they  wou'd  make  the 
best  of  their  way  home  if  it  pleas'd  God  to  disable  me  from  pro- 
ceeding on  the  Business.  But  I  walk't  about  as  much  as  I  cou'd, 
&  thereby  made  my  Hips  very  pliable.  We  found  Cap*  Willis 
Wilson  here,  whose  Errand  was  to  buy  Pork,  which  is  the  Staple 
Commodity  of  North  Carolina,  &  which  with  Pitch  &  Tar  makes  up 
the  whole  of  their  Traffick.  The  Truth  of  it  is,  these  People  live 
so  much  upon  Swine's  flesh,  that  it  don't  only  encline  them  to  the 
Yaws,  &  consequently  to  the  do^vnfall  of  their  Noses,  but  makes 
them  likewise  extremely  hoggish  in  their  Temper,  &  many  of  them 
seem  to  Grunt  rather  than  Speak  in  their  ordinary  conversation. 


56  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [March 

Thus,  considering  the  foul  and  pernicious  Effects  of  Eating  Swine's 
Flesh  in  a  hot  Country,  it  was  wisely  forbidden  and  made  an  Abomination 
to  the  Jews,  who  liv'd  much  in  the  same  Latitude  with  Carolina. 

11.  We  ordered  the  Surveyors  early  to  their  Business,  who  were  blesst 
with  pretty  dry  Grounds  for  three  Miles  together.  But  they  paid  dear  for 
it  in  the  next  two,  consisting  of  one  continued  frightful!  Pocoson,^^  which 
no  Creatures  but  those  of  the  amphibious  kind  ever  had  ventur'd  into 
before. 

This  filthy  Quagmire  did  in  earnest  put  the  Men's  Courage  to  a 
Tryal,  and  tho'  I  can't  say  it  made  them  lose  their  Patience,  yet  they  lost 
their  Humour  for  Joking.  They  kept  their  Gravity  like  so  many  Spaniards, 
so  that  a  Man  might  then  have  taken  his  Opportunity  to  plunge  up  to  the 
Chin,  without  Danger  of  being  laught  at.  However,  this  unusual  com- 
posure of  countenance  could  not  fairly  be  call'd  complaining. 

Their  Day's-Work  ended  at  the  Mouth  of  Northern's  Creek,  which 
empties  itself  into  N  W  River;  tho'  we  chose  to  Quarter  a  little  higher 
up  the  River,  near  Mossy  Point.  This  we  did  for  the  Convenience  of  an 
Old  house  to  Shelter  our  Persons  and  Baggage  from  the  rain,  which 
threaten'd  us  hard.  We  judg'd  the  thing  right,  for  there  fell  an  heavy 
shower  in  the  Night,  that  drove  the  most  hardy  of  us  into  the  House. 
Tho'  indeed,  our  case  was  not  much  mended  by  retreating  thither,  because 
that  Tenement  having  not  long  before  been  us'd  as  a  Pork-Store,  the  Mois- 
ture of  the  Air  dissolv'd  the  Salt  that  lay  Scatter'd  on  the  Floor,  and  made 
it  as  wet  within  Doors  as  without.  However,  the  Swamps  and  Marshes 
we  were  lately  accustom'd  to  had  made  such  Beavers  and  Otters  of  us 
that  Nobody  caught  the  least  cold. 

We  had  encampt  so  early,  that  we  found  time  in  the  Evening  to  walk 
near  half  a  Mile  into  the  Woods.  There  we  came  upon  a  Family  ot 
Mulattoes,  that  call'd  themselvs  free,  tho'  by  the  Shyness  of  the  Master 
of  the  House,  who  took  care  to  keep  least  in  Sight,  their  Freedom  seem'd 
a  little  Doubtful.  It  is  certain  many  Slaves  Shelter  themselves  in  this 
Obscure  Part  of  the  World,  nor  will  any  of  their  righteous  Neighbours 
discover  them.  On  the  Contrary,  they  find  their  Account  in  Settling  such 
Fugitives  on  some  out-of-the-way-corner  of  their  Land,  to  raise  Stocks 
for  a  mean  and  inconsiderable  Share,  well  knowing  their  Condition  makes 
it  necessary  for  them  to  Submit  to  any  Terms. 


^  A  corruption  of  poquosin,  Indian  word  of  Algonquian  origin,  denoting  low,  wooded 
ground,  often  covered  with  water. 


March]  The  Secret  History  57 


11.  We  order'd  the  Surveyors  early  to  their  Business  with  5  of 
the  Men  to  attend  them.  They  had  a  tiresome  day's  work  of  it, 
wading  thro'  a  deep  Pocoson  near  2  Miles  over,  in  which  they  fre- 
quently plung'd  up  to  the  Middle.  In  the  mean  time  we  Com- 
missioners row'd  up  the  River  in  our  Periauga  much  more  at  our 
ease,  &  drop't  Anchor  at  Mossy-Point  near  a  deserted  Pork-Store 
belonging  to  Cap*  Willis  Wilson.  After  the  Men  had  swept  out  a 
Cart  load  of  Dirt,  we  put  our  Baggage  into  it  for  fear  of  Rain. 
Then  we  sent  our  Periauga  in  quest  of  the  Surveyors,  &  Firebrand 
believing  nothing  cou'd  be  well  done  without  him,  went  in  it  him- 
self attended  by  Puzzlecause,  tho'  he  did  no  other  good  but  favour 
us  with  his  Room  instead  of  his  Company.  In  the  mean  while 
Shoebrush  &  I  took  a  walk  into  the  Woods,  and  call'd  at  a  Cottage 
where  a  Dark  Angel  surpriz'd  us  with  her  Charms.  Her  Com- 
plexion was  a  deep  Copper,  so  that  her  fine  Shape  &  regular  Fea- 
tures made  her  appear  like  a  Statue  en  Bronze  done  by  a  masterly 
hand.  Shoebrush  was  smitten  at  the  first  Glance,  and  examined 
all  her  neat  Proportions  with  a  critical  Exactness.  She  struggled 
just  enough  to  make  her  Admirer  more  eager,  so  that  if  I  had 
not  been  there,  he  wou'd  have  been  in  Danger  of  carrying  his 
Joke  a  little  too  far. 

The  Surveyors  found  us  out  in  the  Evening  very  much  fatigued, 
&  the  men  were  more  off  their  mettle  than  ever  they  had  been  in 
the  whole  Journey,  tho'  without  the  least  Complaint,  I  took  up 
my  Lodging  in  the  Camp,  but  was  driven  into  the  House  about 
Midnight  without  my  Breeches,  like  Mons'"  Broylio  by  a  smart 
Shower  of  Rain.  Here  we  all  lay  in  Bulk  the  rest  of  the  Night 
upon  a  dirty  &  wet  Floor  without  taking  cold. 


58  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [March 

Nor  were  these  worthy  Borderers  content  to  Shelter  Runaway  Slaves, 
but  Debtors  and  Criminals  have  often  met  with  the  like  Indulgence.  But  if 
the  Government  of  North  Carolina  has  encourag'd  this  unneighbourly 
Policy  in  order  to  increase  their  People,  it  is  no  more  than  what  Ancient 
Rome  did  before  them,  which  was  made  a  City  of  Refuge  for  all  Debtors 
and  Fugitives,  and  from  that  wretched  Beginning  grew  up  in  time  to  be 
Mistress  of  a  great  Part  of  the  World.^^  And,  considering  how  Fortune 
delights  in  bringing  great  things  out  of  Small,  who  knows  but  Carolina 
may,  one  time  or  other,  come  to  be  the  Seat  of  some  other  great  Empire? 

12,  Every  thing  had  been  to  soakt  with  the  Rain,  that  we  were  oblig'd 
to  lie  by  a  good  Part  of  the  Morning  and  dry  them.  However,  that  time 
was  not  lost,  because  it  gave  the  Surveyors  an  Opportunity  of  Platting 
off  their  Work,  and  taking  the  Course  of  the  River.  It  likewise  helpt  to 
recruit  the  Spirits  of  the  Men,  who  had  been  a  little  harass'd  with  Yester- 
day's March.  Notwithstanding  all  this,  we  crosst  the  River  before  Noon, 
and  advanc'd  our  Line  3  Miles.  It  was  not  possible  to  make  more  of  it, 
by  reason  good  Part  of  the  way  was  either  Marsh  or  Pocoson.  The 
Line  cut  two  or  three  Plantations,  leaving  Part  of  them  in  Virginia,  and 
part  of  them  in  Carolina.  This  was  a  Case  that  happen'd  frequently,  to 
the  great  Inconvenience  of  the  Owners,  who  were  therefore  oblig'd  to 
take  out  two  Patents  and  Pay  for  a  new  Survey  in  each  Government. 

In  the  Evening  we  took  up  our  Quarters  in  Mr.  Ballance's  Pasture,  a 
little  above  the  Bridge  built  over  N  W  River.  There  we  discharg'd  the 
two  Periaugas,  which  in  truth  had  been  very  Servicable  in  transporting 
us  over  the  Many  Waters  in  that  Dirty  and  Difficult  Part  of  our  Business. 

Our  Landlord  had  a  tolerable  good  House  and  Clean  Furniture,  and 
yet  we  cou'd  not  be  tempted  to  lodge  in  it.  We  chose  rather  to  lye  in  the 
open  Field,  for  fear  of  growing  too  tender.  A  clear  Sky,  spangled  with 
Stars,  was  our  Canopy,  which  being  the  last  thing  we  saw  before  we  fell 
asleep  gave  us  Magnificent  Dreams.  The  Truth  of  it  is,  we  took  so  much 
pleasure  in  that  natural  kind  of  Lodging,  that  I  think  at  the  foot  of  the 
Account  Mankind  are  great  Losers  by  the  Luxury  of  Feather-Beds  and 
warm  apartments. 

The  curiosity  of  beholding  so  new  and  withal  so  Sweet  a  Method  of 


^*  Reference  is  to  the  Carolina  law  of  1669  which  prohibited  suits  for  the  recovery 
of  debts  already  contracted  against  those  who  came  into  the  colony  until  five  years  after 
their  arrival.  (Colonial  Records  of  North  Carolina.  Vol.  I,  p.  183).  Virginia  had 
adopted  a  similar  law  in  1643,  which  was  re-affirmed  in  1663  and  again  in  1683.  In 
1717  it  was  the  subject  of  complaint  by  British  merchants  and  in  1718  it  was  disal- 
lowed. The  North  Carolina  statute  was  also  a  subject  of  complaint  as  early  as  1707, 
when  the  Board  of  trade  brought  it  to  the  attention  of  the  Privy  Council,  and  it  was 
disallowed  (Colonial  Records,  Vol.  I,  p.  717).  Another  North  Carolina  statute  giving 
priority  to  local  over  foreign  creditors  in  suits  for  the  collection  of  debts,  enacted  in 
1715,  was  disallowed  in  1747;  and  in  1767  a  third  statute  exempting  the  property  of 
debtors  from  execution  unless  action  was  brought  within  five  years  from  the  passage 
of  the  law,  was  declared  void.  See  Russell's  Review  of  American  Colonial  Legislation 
by  the  King  in  Council,  passim. 


March]  The  Secret  History  59 


12.  Complaint  was  made  to  Me  this  Morning,  that  the  Men  be- 
longing to  the  Periauga,  had  stole  our  People's  Meat  while  they 
Slept.  This  provoked  me  to  treat  them  a  la  Dragon,  that  is  to 
swear  at  them  furiously;  &  by  the  good  Grace  of  my  Oaths,  I 
might  have  past  for  an  Officer  in  his  Majesty's  Guards.  I  was  the 
more  out  of  Humour,  because  it  disappointed  us  in  our  early 
March,  it  being  a  standing  Order  to  boil  the  Pot  over  Night,  that 
we  might  not  be  hinder'd  in  the  Morning.  This  Accident,  & 
Necessity  of  drying  our  Bed-Cloaths  kept  us  from  decamping  til 
near  12  a  Clock.  By  this  delay  the  Surveyors  found  time  to  plot 
off  their  Work,  and  to  observe  the  Course  of  the  River.  Then 
they  past  it  over  against  Northern's  Creek,  the  Mouth  of  which 
was  very  near  our  Line.  But  the  Commissioners  made  the  best 
of  their  way  to  the  Bridge,  and  going  ashoar  walkt  to  M"^  Ballance's 
Plantation.  I  retir'd  early  to  our  Camp  at  some  distance  from 
the  House,  while  my  CoUegues  tarry'd  within  Doors,  &  refresh't 
themselves  with  a  Cheerful  Bowl.  In  the  Gaiety  of  their  Hearts, 
they  invited  a  Tallow-faced  Wench  that  had  sprain'd  her  Wrist  to 
drink  with  them,  and  when  they  had  rais'd  her  in  good  Humour, 
they  examined  all  her  hidden  Charms,  and  play'd  a  great  many 
gay  Pranks.  While  Firebrand  who  had  the  most  Curiosity,  was 
ranging  over  her  sweet  Person,  he  pick't  off  several  Scabs  as  big 
as  Nipples,  the  Consequence  of  eating  too  much  Pork.  The  poor 
Damsel  was  disabled  from  making  any  resistance  by  the  Lameness 
of  her  Hand ;  all  she  cou'd  do,  was,  to  sit  stil,  &  make  the  Fashion- 
able Exclamation  of  the  Country,  Flesh  a  live  &  tear  it,  &  by  what 
I  can  understand  she  never  spake  so  properly  in  her  Life.  One 
of  the  Representatives  of  N.  Carolina  made  a  Midnight  Visit  to 


60  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [March 

encamping,  brought  one  of  the  Senators  of  N  Carolina  to  make  us  a  Mid- 
night Visit.  But  he  was  so  very  Clamorous  in  his  Commendations  of  it, 
that  the  Centinel,  not  seeing  his  Quality,  either  thro'  his  habit  or  Be- 
haviour, had  like  to  have  treated  him  roughly. 

After  excusing  the  Unseasonableness  of  his  Visit,  and  letting  us  know 
he  was  a  Parliament  Man,  he  swore  he  was  so  taken  with  our  Lodging, 
that  he  would  set  Fire  to  his  House  as  soon  as  he  got  Home,  and  teach 
his  Wife  and  Children  to  lie,  like  us,  in  the  open  field. 

13.  Early  this  Morning  our  Chaplain  repair'd  to  us  with  the  Men  we 
had  left  at  Mr.  Wilson's.  We  had  sent  for  them  the  Evening  before  to 
relieve  those  who  had  the  Labour-Oar  from  Corotuck-Inlet.  But  to  our 
great  surprise,  they  petition 'd  not  to  be  reliev'd,  hoping  to  gain  immortal 
Reputation  by  being  the  first  of  Mankind  that  Ventur'd  thro'  the  great 
Dismal.  But  the  rest  being  equally  Ambitious  of  the  same  Honour,  it  was 
but  fair  to  decide  their  Pretensions  by  Lot.  After  Fortune  had  declar'd 
herself,  those  which  she  had  excluded  offer'd  Money  to  the  Happy  Persons 
to  go  in  their  Stead.  But  Hercules  would  have  as  soon  sold  the  Glory 
of  Cleansing  the  Augean  Stables,  which  was  pretty  near  the  same  Sort  of 
Work. 

No  sooner  was  the  Controversy  at  an  end,  but  we  sent  them  unfortunate 
Fellows  back  to  their  Quarters,  whom  Chance  had  Condemn'd  to  remain 
upon  Firm  Land  and  Sleep  in  a  whole  Skin.  In  the  mean  while  the 
Surveyors  carry'd  the  Line  3  Miles,  which  was  no  Contemptible  day's 
work,  considering  how  cruelly  they  were  entangled  with  Bryars  and  Gall 
Bushes.  The  Leaf  of  this  last  Shrub  bespeaks  it  to  be  of  the  Alaternus 
Family. 

Our  Work  ended  within  a  Quarter  of  a  Mile  of  the  Dismal  above- 
mention'd,  where  the  Ground  began  to  be  already  full  of  Sunken  Holes  and 
Slashes,  which  had,  here  and  there,  some  few  Reeds  growing  in  them. 

Tis  hardly  credible  how  little  the  Bordering  inhabitants  were  acquainted 
with  this  mighty  Swamp,  nothwithstanding  they  had  liv'd  their  whole  lives 
within  Smell  of  it.  Yet,  as  great  Strangers  as  they  were  to  it,  they 
pretended  to  be  very  exact  in  their  Account  of  its  Dimensions,  and  were 
positive  it  could  not  be  above  7  or  8  Miles  wide,  but  knew  no  more  of 
the  Matter  than  Star-gazers  know  of  the  Distance  of  the  Fixt  Stars.  At 
the  Same  time,  they  were  Simple  enough  to  amuse  our  Men  with  Idle 
Stories  of  the  Lyons,  Panthers  and  Alligators,  they  were  like  to  encounter 
in  that  dreadful  Place. 

In  short,  we  saw  plainly  there  was  no  Intelligence  of  this  Terra  Incognita 
to  be  got,  but  from  our  own  Experience.  For  that  Reason  it  was  resolv'd 
to  make  the  requisite  Dispositions  to  enter  it  next  Morning.  We  allotted 
every  one  of  the  Surveyors  for  this  painful  Enterprise,  with  12  Men  to 
attend  them.  Fewer  than  that  cou'd  not  be  employ'd  in  clearing  the  way, 
carrying  the  Chain,  marking  the  Trees,  and  bearing  the  necessary  Bedding 
and  Provisions.     Nor  wou'd  the  Commissioners  themselves  have  Spared 


March]  The  Secret  History  61 

our  Camp,  &  his  Curiosity  was  so  very  clamorous  that  it  waked 
Me,  for  which  I  wish't  his  Nose  as  flat  as  any  of  his  Porcivorous 
Countrymen. 


13.  In  the  Morning  our  Chaplain  came  to  us,  &  with  him  some 
Men  we  had  sent  for,  to  relieve  those  who  had  waded  thro'  the 
Mire  from  Coratuck.  But  they  beg'd  they  might  not  be  reliev'd, 
believing  they  shou'd  gain  immortal  Honour  by  going  thro'  the 
Dismal.  Only  Patillo  desired  to  be  excus'd,  on  the  Account  of  his 
Eyes.  Old  Ellis  Petition'd  to  go  in  the  Room  of  his  Son,  and 
Kimball  was  depriv'd  from  that  favour  by  Lot.  That  griev'd  him 
so,  that  he  offer'd  a  Crown  to  Hambleton  to  let  him  go  in  his 
room,  which  the  other  wou'd  not  Listen  to  for  ten  times  the  Money. 
When  this  great  affair  was  settled,  we  dismist  all  the  Men  to  their 
Quarters  at  Cap*  Wilson's,  except  the  Nine  Dismalites.  Of  these 
we  sent  5  with  the  Surveyors  who  ran  the  Line  to  the  Skirts  of 
the  Dismal,  which  began  first  with  Dwarf  Reeds,  &  moist  uneven 
Grounds.  We  discharged  our  Periaugas  and  about  Noon  our  good 
Friend  Capt  Wilkins  conducted  us  to  his  own  House,  &  entertain'd 
us  hospitably.  We  made  the  necessary  Disposition  for  entering 
the  Dismal  next  Morning  with  9  of  our  Men,  &  3  of  Carolina,  so 
many  being  necessary  to  attend  the  Surveyors,  &  for  carrying  the 
Bedding  &  Provisions.  The  Men  were  in  good  Spirits  but  poor 
Orion  began  to  repent,  &  wish  he  had  Slept  in  a  whole  Skin  at  the 
College,  rather  than  become  a  prey  to  Turkey-buzzard.  These 
reflections  sunk  his  Courage  so  low,  that  neither  Liquor  nor  Toast 
cou'd  raise  it.  I  hardly  knew  how  to  behave  myself  in  a  Bed, 
after  having  lain  a  week  in  the  Open  Field,  &  seeing  the  Stars 
twinkle  over  my  head. 


62  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [March 

their  Persons  on  this  Occasion,  but  for  fear  of  adding  to  the  poor  men's 
Burthen,  while  they  were  certain  they  cou'd  add  nothing  to  their  Resolution. 
We  quarter'd  with  our  Friend  and  Fellow  Traveller,  William  Wilkins, 
who  had  been  our  faithful  Pilot  to  Coratuck,  and  liv'd  about  a  mile  from 
the  Place  where  the  Line  ended.  Everything  lookt  so  very  clean,  and  the 
Furniture  so  neat,  that  we  were  tempted  to  Lodge  within  Doors.  But 
the  Novelty  of  being  shut  up  so  close  quite  spoil'd  our  rest,  nor  did  we 
breathe  so  free  by  abundance,  as  when  we  lay  in  the  open  Air. 

14.  Before  nine  of  the  Clock  this  Morning,  the  Provisions,  Bedding 
and  other  Necessaries,  were  made  up  into  Packs  for  the  Men  to  carry 
on  their  Shoulders  into  the  Dismal.  They  were  victuall'd  for  8  days  at 
full  Allowance,  Nobody  doubting  but  that  wou'd  be  abundantly  Sufficient 
to  carry  them  thro'  that  Inhospitable  Place;  nor  Indeed  was  it  possible 
for  the  Poor  Fellows  to  Stagger  under  more.  As  it  was,  their  Loads 
weigh'd  from  60  to  70  Pounds,  in  just  Proportion  to  the  Strength  of  those 
who  were  to  bear  them. 

Twou'd  have  been  unconscionable  to  have  Saddled  them  with  Burthens 
heavier  than  that,  when  they  were  to  lugg  them  thro'  a  filthy  Bogg,  which 
was  hardly  practicable  with  no  Burthen  at  all. 

Besides  this  Luggage  at  their  Backs,  they  were  oblig'd  to  measure  the 
distance,  mark  the  Trees,  and  clear  the  way  for  the  Surveyors  every  Step 
they  went.  It  was  really  a  Pleasure  to  see  with  how  much  Cheerfulness 
they  undertook,  and  with  how  much  Spirit  they  went  thro'  all  this 
Drudgery.  For  their  Greater  Safety,  the  Commissioners  took  care  to 
furnish  them  with  Peruvian-Bark,  Rhubarb  and  Hipocoacanah,^^  in  case 
they  might  happen,  in  that  wet  Journey,  to  be  taken  with  fevers  or 
Fluxes. 

Altho'  there  was  no  need  for  Example  to  inflame  Persons  already  so 
cheerful,  yet  to  enter  the  People  with  better  grace,  the  Author  and  two 
more  of  the  Commissioners  accompanied  them  half  a  Mile  into  the  Dismal. 
The  Skirts  of  it  were  thinly  Planted  with  Dwarf  Reeds  and  Gall-Bushes, 
but  when  we  got  into  the  Dismal  itself,  we  found  the  Reeds  grew  there 
much  taller  and  closer,  and,  to  mend  the  matter  was  so  interlac'd  with 
bamo-briars,  that  there  was  no  scuffling  thro'  them  without  the  help  of 
Pioneers.  At  the  same  time,  we  found  the  Ground  moist  and  trembling 
under  our  feet  like  a  Quagmire,  insomuch  that  it  was  an  easy  Matter 
to  run  a  Ten-Foot-Pole  up  to  the  Head  in  it,  without  exerting  any  un- 
common Strength  to  do  it. 

Two  of  the  Men,  whose  Burthens  were  the  least  cumbersome,  had 
orders  to  march  before,  with  their  Tomahawks,  and  clear  the  way,  in  order 
to  make  an  Opening  for  the  Surveyors.  By  their  Assistance  we  made  a 
Shift  to  push  the  Line  half  a  Mile  in  3  Hours,  and  then  reacht  a  small  piece 
of  firm  Land,  about  100  Yards  wide.  Standing  up  above  the  rest  like  an 

^  Probably  Epecacuanha,  an  American  plant  used  as  an  emetic. 


March]  The  Secret  History  63 


14.     This  Morning  early  the  Men  began  to  make  up  the  Packs  they 
were  to  carry  on  their  Shoulders  into  the  Dismal.     They  were 
victual'd  for  8  Days,  which  was  judg'd  sufficient  for  the  Service. 
Those  Provisions  with  the  Blankets  &  other  Necessaries  loaded  the 
Men  with  a  Burthen  of  50  or  60'*'  for  Each.     Orion  helpt  most  of 
all  to  make  these  Loads  so  heavy,  by  taking  his  Bed,  and  several 
changes  of  Raiment,  not  forgeting  a  Suit  for  Sundays  along  with 
him.    This  was  a  little  unmercifull,  which  with  his  peevish  Temper 
made  him  no  Favorite.    We  fixt  them  out  about  ten  in  the  Morn- 
ing, &  then  Meanwell,  Puzzlecause,  &  I  went  along  with  them, 
resolving  to  enter  them  fairly  into  this  dreadful  Swamp,  which 
no  body  before  ever  had  either  the  Courage  or  Curiosity  to  pass. 
But  Firebrand  &  Shoebrush  chose  rather  to  toast  their  Noses  over 
a  good  Fire,  &  Spare  their  dear  Persons.     After  a  March  of  2 
Miles  thro'  very  bad  way,  the  Men  sweating  under  their  Burthens, 
we  arriv'd  at  the  Edge  of  the  Dismal,  where  the  Surveyors  had 
left  off  the  Night  before.     Here  Steddy  thought  proper  to  en- 
courage the  Men  by  a  short  harangue  to  this  effect.     "Gentlemen, 
'we  are  at  last  arriv'd  at  this  dreadfuU  place,  which  til  now  has 
'been  thought  unpassable.     Tho'  I  make  no  doubt  but  you  wiU 
'convince  every  Body,  that  there  is  no  difficulty  which  may  not 
'be  conquer'd  by  Spirit  &  constancy.    You  have  hitherto  behaved 
'with  so  much  Vigour,  that  the  most  I  can  desire  of  you,  is  to 
'persevere  unto  the  End ;  I  protest  to  You  the  only  reason  we  don't 
'Share  in  Your  Fatigue,  is,  the  fear  of  adding  to  Your  Burthens, 
'(which  are  but  too  heavy  already,)  while  we  are  Sure  we  can 
'add  nothing  to  your  Resolution.     I  shall  say  no  more,  but  only 
'pray  the  Almighty  to  prosper  your  Undertaking,  &  grant  we  may 
'meet  on  the  other  Side  in  perfect  Health  &  Safety."     The  Men 
took   this    Speech   very   kindly,    and    answer'd    it    in   the    most 
cheerful  manner,  with  3  Huzzas.     Immediately  we  enter'd  the 


64  History  of  the  Dividlng  Line  [March 

Island.  Here  the  people  were  glad  to  lay  down  their  Loads  and  take  a 
little  refreshment,  while  the  happy  man,  whose  lot  it  was  to  carry  the  Jugg 
of  Rum,  began  already,  like  Aesop's  Bread-Carriers  to  find  it  grow  a  good 
deal   lighter. 

After  reposing  about  an  Hour,  the  Commissioners  recommended  Vigour 
and  Constancy  to  liieir  Fellow-Travellers,  by  whom  thev  were  answer'd 
with  3  Cheerful  Huzzas,  in  Token  of  Obedience.  This  Ceremony  was  no 
sooner  over  but  they  took  up  their  Burthens  and  attended  the  Motion  of 
the  Surveyors,  who,  tho'  they  workt  with  all  their  might,  could  reach  but 
one  Mile  farther,  the  same  obstacles  still  attending  them  which  they 
had  met  with  in  the  Morning. 

However  small  this  distance  may  seem  so  such  as  are  us'd  to  travel  at 
their  Ease,  yet  our  Poor  Men,  who  were  oblig'd  to  work  with  an  un- 
wieldy Load  at  their  Backs,  had  reason  to  think  it  a  long  way;  Especially 
in  a  Bogg  where  they  had  no  firm  Footing,  but  every  Step  made  a  deep 
Impression,  which  was  instantly  fill'd  with  Water.  At  the  same  time  they 
were  labouring  with  their  Hands  to  cut  down  the  Reeds,  which  were  Ten- 
feet  high,  their  Legs  were  hampered  with  the  Bryars.  Besides,  the  Weather 
happen'd  to  be  very  warm,  and  the  tallness  of  the  Reeds  kept  off  every 
Friendly  Breeze  from  coming  to  refresh  them.  And,  indeed,  it  was  a 
little  provoking  to  hear  the  Wind  whistling  among  the  Branches  of  the 
White  Cedars,  which  grew  here  and  there  amongst  the  Reeds,  and  at  the 
same  time  not  have  the  Comfort  to  feel  the  least  Breath  of  it. 

In  the  mean  time  the  3  Commissioners  return'd  out  of  the  Dismal  the 
same  way  they  went  in,  and  having  join'd  their  Brethren,  proceeded  that 
Night  as  far  as  Mr.  Wilson's. 

This  worthy  Person  lives  within  sight  of  the  Dismal,  in  the  Skirts 
whereof  his  Stocks  range  and  Maintain  themselves  all  the  Winter,  and  yet 
he  knew  as  little  of  it  is  he  did  of  Terra  Australis  Incognita.  He  told  us  a 
Canterbury  Tale  of  a  North  Briton,  whose  Curiosity  Spurr'd  him  a  long 
way  into  this  great  Desart,  as  he  call'd  it,  near  20  Years  ago,  but  he  having 
no  Compass,  nor  seeing  the  Sun  for  several  Days  Together,  wander'd 
about  till  he  was  almost  famisht;  but  at  last  he  bethought  himself  of  a 
Secret  his  Countrymen  make  use  of  to  Pilot  themselves  in  a  Dark  day. 

He  took  a  fat  Louse  out  of  his  Collar,  and  expos'd  it  to  the  open 
day  on  a  Piece  of  White  Paper,  which  he  brought  along  with  him  for  his 
Journal.  The  poor  Insect  having  no  Eye-lids,  turn'd  himself  about  till  he 
found  the  Darkest  Part  of  the  Heavens,  and  so  made  the  best  of  his  way 
towards  the  North.  By  this  Direction  he  Sterr'd  himself  Safe  out,  and 
gave  such  a  frightful  account  of  the  Monsters  he  saw,  and  the  Distresses  he 
underwen_t,  that  no  mortall  Since  has  been  hardy  enough  to  go  upon  the 
like   dangerous  Discovery. 


March]  The  Secret  History  65 

Dismal,  2  Men  clearing  the  way  before  the  Surveyors,  to  enable 

them  to  take  their  Sight.     The  Reeds  which  grew  about  12  feet 

high,  were  so  thick,  &  so  interlaced  with  Bamboe-Briars,  that  our 

Pioneers  were  forc't  to  open  a  Passage.     The  Ground,  if  I  may 

properly  call  it  so,  was  so  Spungy,  that  the  Prints  of  our  Feet 

were  instantly  fill'd  with  Water.     Amongst  the  Reeds  here  &  there 

stood  a  white  Cedar,  commonly  mistaken  for  Juniper.     Of  this 

Sort  was  the  Soil  for  about  half  a  Mile  together,  after  which  we 

came  to  a  piece  of  high  land  about  100  Yards  in  Breadth.     We 

were  above  2  Hours  scuffling  thro'  the  Reeds  to  this  Place,  where 

we  refresh't  the  poor  Men.     Then  we  took  leave,  recommending 

both  them  &  the  Surveyors  to  Providence.    We  furnish'd  Astrolabe 

with  Bark  &  other  Medicines,  for  any  of  the  People,  that  might 

happen  to  be  Sick,  not  forgetting  3  Kinds  of  Rattle-Snake  Root 

made  into  Doses  in  case  of  Need.     It  was  4  a  Clock  before  we 

return'd  to  our  Quarters,  where  we  found  our  Collegues  under 

some  Apprehension  that  we  were  gone  with  the  People  quite  thro' 

the  Dismal.     During  my  Absence  Firebrand  was  so  very  carefull 

in  sending  away  the  Baggage,  that  he  forgot  the  Candles.     When 

we  had  settled  Accounts  with  our  Landlord,  we  rode  away  to  Cap* 

Wilson's,  who  treated  us  with  Pork  upon  Pork.     He  was  a  great 

Lover  of  Conversation,  &  rather  than  it  shou'd  drop,  he  wou'd 

repeat  the  same  Story  over  &  over.     Firebrand  chose  rather  to 

litter  the  Floor,  than  lye  with  the  Parson,  &  since  he  cou'd  not  have 

the  best  Bed,  he  sullenly  wou'd  have  none  at  all.  However  it 

broil'd  upon  his  Stomach  so  much,  that  he  swore  anough  in  the 

Night,  to  bring  the  Devil  into  the  Room  had  not  the  Chaplain 

been  there. 


66  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [March 

15.  The  Surveyors  pursued  their  work  with  all  Diligence,  but  Still 
found  the  Soil  of  the  Dismal  so  Spongy  that  the  Water  ouzed  up  into 
every  foot-step  they  took.  To  their  Sorrow,  too,  they  found  the  Reeds  and 
Bryars  more  firmly  interwoven  than  they  did  the  day  before.  But  the 
greatest  Grievance  was  from  large  Cypresses,  which  the  Wind  had  blown 
down  and  heap'd  upon  one  another.  On  the  Limbs  of  most  of  them  grew 
Sharp  Snags,  Pointing  every  way  like  so  many  Pikes,  that  requir'd  much 
Pains  and  Caution  to  avoid. 

These  Trees  being  Evergreens,  and  Shooting  their  Large  Tops  Very 
high,  are  easily  overset  by  every  Gust  of  Wind,  because  there  is  no  firm 
Earth  to  Steddy  their  Roots.  Thus  many  of  them  were  laid  prostrate  to 
the  great  Encumbrance  of  the  way.  Such  Variety  of  Difficulties  made  the 
Business  go  on  heavily,  insomuch  that,  from  Morning  till  Night,  the 
Line  could  advance  no  further  than  1  Mile  and  31  Poles.  Never  was 
Rum,  that  cordial  of  Life,  found  more  necessary  than  it  was  in  this  Dirty 
Place.  It  did  not  only  recruit  the  People's  Spirits,  now  almost  Jaded  with 
Fatigue,  but  serv'd  to  correct  the  Badness  of  the  Water,  and  at  the  same 
time  to  resist  the  Malignity  of  the  Air.  Whenever  the  Men  wanted  to 
drink,  which  was  very  often,  they  had  nothing  m^re  to  do  but  to  make  a 
Hole,  and  the  Water  bubbled  up  in  a  Moment.  But  it  was  far  from  being 
either  clear  or  well  tasted,  and  had  besides  a  Physical  Effect,  from  the 
Tincture  it  receiv'd  from  the  Roots  of  the  Shrubbs  and  Trees  that  grew 
in  the  Neighbourhood. 

While  the  Surveyors  were  thus  painfully  employed,  the  Commissioners 
discharged  the  long  Score  they  had  with  Mr.  Wilson,  for  the  Men  and 
Horses  which  had  been  quarter'd  upon  him  during  our  Expedition  to 
Coratuck.  From  thence  we  march'd  in  good  Order  along  the  East  Side 
of  the  Dismal,  and  passt  the  long  Bridge  that  lies  over  the  South  Branch 
of  Elizabeth  River.  At  the  End  of  18  Miles  we  reacht  Timothy  Ivy's 
Plantation,  where  we  picht  our  Tent  for  the  first  Time,  and  were  ftirnisht 
with  every  thing  the  Place  afforded. 

We  perceiv'd  the  happy  Effects  of  Industry  in  this  Family,  in  which 
every  one  lookt  tidy  and  clean,  and  carri'd  in  their  countenances  the 
chearful  Marks  of  Plenty.  We  saw  no  Drones  there,  which  are  but  too 
Common,  alas,  in  that  Part  of  the  World.  Tho',  in  truth,  the  Distemper  of 
Laziness  seizes  the  Men  oftener  much  than  the  Women.  These  last  Spin, 
weave  and  knit,  all  with  their  own  Hands,  while  their  Husbands,  depending 
on  the  Bounty  of  the  Climate,  are  SloathfuU  in  every  thing  but  getting 
of  Children,  and  in  that  only  Instance  make  themselves  useful  Members  of 
an  Infant-Colony. 

There  is  but  little  Wool  in  that  Province,  tho'  Cotton  grows  very  kindly, 
and,  so  far  South,  is  Seldom  nippt  by  the  Frost.  The  Good  Women  mix 
this  with  their  Wool  for  their  outer  Garments;  tho',  for  want  of  Fulling, 


March]  The  Secret  History  67 

15.  We  sent  away  the  Baggage  about  8  a  Clock  under  the  Guard 
of  4  Men.  We  paid  off  a  long  reckoning  to  Cap*.  Wilson,  for 
our  Men  &  Horses,  but  Firebrand  forgot  to  pay  for  the  washing 
of  his  Linen,  which  saved  him  2  Shillings  at  least.  He  &  his 
Flatterer  Shoebrush  left  us  to  ourselves,  intending  to  reach  Cap*". 
Meads,  but  losing  their  way,  they  took  up  at  M'^  Peugh's,  after 
riding  above  50  miles,  &  part  of  the  way  in  the  dark.  How  many 
Curses  this  Misadventure  cost  them  I  cant  say,  tho'  at  least  as 
many  as  they  rode  Miles.  I  was  content  to  tarry  to  see  the  Men 
fixt  out  &  jog  on  fair  &  softly  along  with  them,  &  so  were  Mean- 
well  &  Puzzlecause.  One  of  our  Men  had  a  Kick  on  the  Belly  by 
a  Horse,  for  which  I  order'd  him  to  be  instantly  Blooded,  &  no 
ill  consequence  ensued.  We  left  Astrolabe's  Negro  Sick  behind 
us.  About  11  we  set  off,  &  call'd  at  an  Ordinary  8  Miles  off, 
not  far  from  the  great  Bridge.  Then  we  proceeded  8  Miles  farther 
to  honest  Timothy  Jones  who  supply'd  us  with  every  thing  that 
was  necessary.  He  had  a  tal  straight  Daughter  of  a  Yielding 
Sandy  Complexion,  who  having  the  curiosity  to  see  the  Tent, 
Puzzlecause  gallanted  her  thither,  &  might  have  made  her  free 
of  it,  had  not  we  come  reasonably  to  save  the  Damsel's  Chastity. 
Here  both  our  Cookery  &  Bedding  were  more  cleanly  than  Ordi- 
nary. The  Parson  lay  with  Puzzlecause  in  the  Tent,  to  keep  him 
honest,  or  peradventure,  to  partake  of  his  diversion  if  he  shou'd 
be  otherwise. 


68  History  of  the  Dividlng  Line  [March 

that  kind  of  Manufacture  is  Open  and  Sleazy.  Flax  likewise  thrives  there 
extreamly,  being  perhaps  as  fine  as  any  in  the  World,  and  I  question  not 
might,  with  a  little  care,  and  pains,  be  brought  to  rival  that  of  Egypt; 
and  yet  the  Men  are  here  so  intolerable  Lazy,  they  seldom  take  the 
trouble  to  propagate  it. 

16.  The  Line  was  this  day  carry 'd  one  Mile  and  half  and  16  Poles. 
The  Soil  continued  soft  and  Miry,  but  fuller  of  Trees,  especially  White 
cedars.  Many  of  these  too  were  thrown  down  and  piled  in  Heaps,  high 
enough  for  a  good  Muscovite  Fortification.  The  worst  of  it  was,  the  Poor 
Fellows  began  now  to  be  troubled  with  Fluxes,  occasion'd  by  bad  Water 
and  moist  Lodgings:  but  chewing  of  Rhubarb  kept  that  Malady  within 
Bounds. 

In  the  mean  time  the  Commissioners  decampt  early  in  the  Morning,  and 
made  a  March  of  25  Miles,  as  far  as  Mr,  Andrew  Mead's,^*^  who  lives  upon 
Nansimand  River.  They  were  no  sooner  got  under  the  Shelter  of  that 
Hospitable  Roof,  but  it  began  to  rain  hard,  and  continued  so  to  do  great 
part  of  the  Night.  This  gave  them  much  Pain  for  their  Friends  in  the 
Dismal,  whose  sufferings  spoilt  their  Taste  for  the  good  Chear,  wherewith 
they  were  entertain'd  themselves. 

However,  late  that  Evening,  these  poor  Men  had  the  Fortune  to  come 
upon  another  Terra-firma,  which  was  the  Luckyer  for  them,  because  the 
Lower  ground,  by  the  rain  that  fell,  was  made  a  fitter  Lodging  for  Tadpoles 
than  men. 

In  our  Journey  we  remarkt  that  the  North  Side  of  this  great  Swamp 
lies  higher  than  either  the  East  on  the  West,  nor  were  the  approaches  to 
it  so  full  of  Sunken  Grounds.  We  passt  by  no  less  than  two  Quaker 
Meeting  Houses,  one  of  which  had  an  Awkward  Ornament  on  the  West 
End  of  it,  that  seem'd  to  Ape  a  Steeple.  I  must  own  I  expected  no  such 
Piece  of  Foppery  from  a  Sect  of  so  much  outside  Simplicity. 

That  persuasion  prevails  much  in  the  lower  end  of  Nansimond  county, 
for  want  of  Ministers  to  Pilot  the  People  a  decenter  way  to  Heaven. 

The  ill  Reputation  of  Tobacco  planted  in  those  lower  Parishes  makes 
the  Clergy  unwilling  to  accept  of  them,  unless  it  be  such  whose  abilities 
are  as  mean  as  their  Pay.  Thus,  whether  the  Churches  be  quite  void  or 
but  indifferently  filled,  the  Quakers  will  have  an  Opportunity  of  gaining 
Proselytes.  Tis  a  wonder  no  Popish  Missionaries  are  sent  from  Maryland 
to  labour  in  this  Neglected  Vineyard,  who  we  know  have  Zeal  enough 
to  traverse  Sea  and  Land  on  the  Meritorious  Errand  of  making  converts. 

Nor  is  it  less  Strange  that  some  Wolf  in  Sheep's  cloathing  arrives  not 
from  New  England  to  lead  astray  a  Flock  that  has  no  shepherd.  People 
uninstructed  in  any  Religion  are  ready  to  embrace  the  first  that  offers. 
Tis  natural  for  helpless  man  to  adore  his  Maker  in  Some  Form  or  other, 


See  note  37,  Secret  History. 


March]  The  Secret  History  69 


16.  We  march 't  from  hence  about  9  always  giving  our  Baggage 
the  Start  of  Us.  We  call'd  at  John  Ive's  for  a  Tast  of  good  Water, 
which  is  as  rare  in  these  parts  as  good  Doctrine.  We  saw  several 
pretty  Girls  here  as  wild  as  Colts,  tho'  not  so  ragged,  but  drest 
all  in  their  own  Industry.  Even  those  cou'd  not  tempt  us  to  alight, 
but  we  pursued  our  Journey  with  Diligence.  We  past  by  M'" 
Osheild's,  &  M'  Pugh's,  the  last  of  which  has  a  very  good  Brick 
House,  &  arriv'd  about  4  at  Cap*  Meads.^'^  Here  amongst  other 
Strong  Liquors  we  had  plenty  of  Strong  Beer,  with  which  we  made 
as  free  as  our  Libertines  did  with  the  Parson.  The  Carolina  Com- 
missioners did  not  only  persecute  him  with  their  Wit,  but  with 
their  Kisses  too,  which  he  suffer'd  with  the  Patience  of  a  Martyr. 
We  were  no  sooner  under  the  Shelter  of  that  hospitable  House, 
but  it  began  to  rain  &  so  continu'd  to  do  great  Part  of  the  Night, 
which  put  in  some  Pain  for  our  Friends  in  the  Dismal.  The 
Journey  this  Day  was  25  Miles,  yet  the  Baggage  Horses  perform'd 
it  without  faltering. 


■Andrew  Meade,  of  Irish  parentage,  who  came  to  Virginia  about  1690  and  settled 
S'^^^f'^^^^ond  River  near  Suffolk.     He  was  a  member  of  the   House  of  Burgesses, 
li  ,     ,  %         °    ^^^  County  Court,  and  was  Senior  Captain  of  Militia.    See  Basker- 
ville  s  Andrew  Meade  of  Ireland  and  Virginia. 


70  History  of  the  Dividlng  Line  [March 

and  were  there  any  exception  to  this  Rule,  I  should  expect  it  to  be  among 
the  Hottentots  of  the  Cape  of  Good  Hope  and  of  North  Carolina, 

There  fell  a  great  deal  of  Rain  in  the  Night,  accompany'd  with  a  Strong 
Wind.  The  fellow-feeling  we  had  for  the  poor  Dismalites,  on  Account  of 
this  unkind  Weather,  render 'd  the  Down  we  laid  upon  uneasy.  We 
fancy'd  them  half-drown'd  in  their  Wet  Lodging,  with  the  Trees  blowing 
down  about  their  Ears.  These  Were  the  Gloomy  Images  our  Fears 
Suggested;  tho'  twas  so  much  imeasiness  clear  again.  They  happen'd 
to  come  of  much  better,  by  being  luckily  encampt  on  the  dry  piece  of 
Ground  afore-mention'd. 

17.  They  were,  however,  forct  to  keep  the  Sabbath  in  Spite  of  their 
Teeth,  contrary  to  the  Dispensation  our  good  Chaplain  had  given  them. 
Indeed,  their  Short  allowance  of  Provision  would  have  justity'd  their  mak- 
ing the  best  of  their  way,  without  Distinction  of  days.  Twas  certainly 
a  Work  both  of  Necessity  and  Self-preservation,  to  save  themselves  from 
Starving.  Nevertheless,  the  hard  Rain  had  made  everything  so  thoroughly 
wet,  that  it  was  quite  impossible  to  do  any  Business.  They  therefore 
made  a  vertue  of  what  they  could  not  help,  and  contentedly  rested  in  their 
dry  situation. 

Since  the  Surveyors  had  enter'd  the  Dismal  they  had  laid  Eyes  on  no  liv- 
ing Creature:  neither  Bird  nor  Beast,  Insect  nor  Reptile  came  in  View. 
Doubtless,  the  Eternal  Shade  that  broods  over  this  mighty  Bog,  and 
hinders  the  sun-beams  from  blessing  the  Ground,  makes  it  an  uncomfortable 
Habitation  for  any  thing  that  has  life.  Not  so  much  as  a  Zealand  Frog 
cou'd  endure  so  Aguish  a  Situation. 

It  had  one  Beauty,  however,  that  delighted  the  Eye,  tho'  at  the  Expense 
of  all  the  other  Senses:  the  Moisture  of  the  Soil  preserves  a  continual 
Verdure,  and  makes  every  Plant  an  Evergreen,  but  at  the  same  time  the 
foul  Damps  ascend  without  ceasing,  corrupt  the  Air,  and  render  it  unfit 
for  Respiration.  Not  even  a  Turkey-Buzzard  will  venture  to  fly  over  it, 
no  more  than  the  Italian  Vultures  will  over  the  filthy  Lake  Avernus,  or 
the  Birds  in  the  Holy-Land  over  the  Salt  Sea,  where  Sodom  and  Gomorrah 
formerly  stood. ^^ 


*'  "Byrd's  description  of  this  swamp  is  too  unfavorable.  The  place  is  not  unin- 
habited at  this  day.  Persons  who  live  in  the  adjacent  country  go  thither  to  hunt  bears 
and  deer  as  well  as  wild  cats.  In  the  swamp  is  Lake  Drummond.  a  favorite  angling 
ground  for  local  sportsmen.  The  water,  which  from  its  dark  color  might  well  seem 
unwholesome  to  the  observers,  is  discolored  by  the  roots  of  juniper-trees  which  abound 
there.  It  is  popularly  called  "juniper  water"  and  is  held  in  such  high  esteem  as  drink- 
ing water  that  the  inhabitants  of  the  whole  region  send  for  it  for  many  miles.  I  am 
assured  also  that  there  are  many  snakes  in  the  swamp  and  the  only  reason  Byrd's 
surveyors  did  not  encounter  them  was  the  early  season  at  which  the  expedition  was 
made."     (Bassett's  Note,  p.  60  of  his  edition.) 


March]  The  Secret  History  71 


17.  It  rain'd  this  Morning  til  10  a  Clock,  which  fill'd  us  all 
with  the  VaptDurs.  I  gave  my  self  a  thorough  wash  and  Scrub'd  off 
a  full  weeks  dirt,  which  made  me  fitter  to  attend  the  Sei'vice  which 
our  Chaplain  perform'd.  I  wrote  to  the  Governor  a  particular 
Account  of  our  Proceedings,  &  had  the  Complaisance  to  show  the 
Letter  to  my  CoUegues.  These  worthy  Gentlemen  had  hammer'd 
out  an  Epistle  to  the  Governor  containing  a  kind  of  Remonstrance 
against  paying  the  Burgesses  in  Money,  &  prevail'd  with  our  Land- 
lord to  deliver  it.  At  Night  we  had  a  religious  Bowl  to  the  pious 
Memory  of  St.  Patrick,  &  to  shew  due  Regard  to  this  Saint  several 
of  the  Company  made  some  Hybemian  Bulls:  But  the  Parson  un- 
happily out-blunder'd  all,  which  made  his  Persecutors  merry  at 
his  Cost. 


72  History  of  the  Dividlng  Line  [March 

In  these  sad  Circumstances,  the  Kindest  thing  we  cou'd  do  for  our 
Suffering  Friends  was  to  give  them  a  place  in  the  Litany.  Our  Chaplain, 
for  his  Part,  did  his  Office,  and  ruhb'd  us  up  with  a  Seasonable  Sermon. 
This  was  quite  a  new  thing  to  our  Brethren  of  North  Carolina,  who  live 
in  a  climate  where  no  clergyman  can  Breathe,  any  more  than  Spiders  in 
Ireland. ^^ 

For  want  of  men  in  Holy  Orders,  both  the  Members  of  the  Council  and 
Justices  of  the  Peace  are  empower'd  by  the  Laws  of  that  Country  to  marry 
all  those  who  will  not  take  One  another's  Word;  but  for  the  ceremony 
of  Christening  their  children,  they  trust  that  to  chance.^*^  If  a  Parson 
come  in  their  way,  they  will  crave  a  Cast  of  his  office,  as  they  call  it, 
else  they  are  content  their  Offspring  should  remain  as  Arrant  Pagans  as 
themselves.  They  account  it  among  their  greatest  advantages  that  they 
are  not  Priest-ridden,  not  remembering  that  the  Clergy  is  rarely  guilty 
of  Bestriding  such  as  have  the  misfortune  to  be  poor. 

One  thing  may  be  said  for  the  Inhabitants  of  that  Province,  that  they 
are  not  troubled  with  any  Religious  Fumes,  and  have  the  least  Superstition 
of  any  People  living.  They  do  not  know  Sunday  from  any  other  day, 
any  more  than  Robison  Crusoe  did,  which  would  give  them  a  great  Ad- 
vantage were  they  given  to  be  industrious.^'*  But  they  keep  so  many 
Sabbaths  every  week,  that  their  disregard  of  the  Seventh  Day  has  no 
manner  of  cruelty  in  it,  either  to  Servants  or  Cattle. 

It  was  with  some  difficulty  we  cou'd  make  our  People  quit  the  good 
chear  they  met  with  at  this  House,  so  it  was  late  before  we  took  our  De- 
parture; but  to  make  us  amends,  our  Landlord  was  so  good  as  to  conduct 
us  Ten  Miles  on  our  Way,  as  far  as  the  Cypress  Swamp,  which  drains 
itself  into  the  Dismal.  Eight  Miles  beyond  that  we  forded  the  Waters  of 
Coropeak,  which  tend  the  same  way  as  do  many  others  on  that  side. 
In  Six  Miles  more  we  reacht  the  Plantation  of  Mr.  Thomas  Spight,  a 
Grandee  of  N  Carolina. ^^     We  found  the  good  Man  upon  his  Crutches, 


^  In  this  and  the  two  following  paragraphs,  Byrd  writes  with  the  prejudice  of  a 
member  of  the  Established  Church.  So  also  wrote  Governor  Burrington.  (Colonial 
Records  of  North  Carolina.  Vol.  Ill,  pp.  152-158.)  The  Church  was  established 
by  law  in  1701,  but  opposition  by  dissenters  and  liberal  churchmen  resulted  in  great 
confusion,  which  culminated  in  the  Cary  Rebellion.  (See  Weeks,  S.  B.,  Religious 
Development  in  the  Province  of  North  Carolina,  Baltimore,  1892.)  In  1715  a  new 
church  law  was  adopted.  Prior  to  1728  the  Society  for  the  Propagation  of  the  Gospel 
had  sent  to  North  Carolina  thirteen  ministers  and  one  schoolmaster.  Three  of  the 
four  North  Carolina  boundary  commissioners  were  churclmien,  Moseley,  Gale  and 
Little,  and  also  Swann,  the  surveyor. 

^  Ii}  1669,  because  of  the  absence  of  clergymen  in  the  colony,  marriage  was  made  a 
civil  contract.  By  the  vestry  law  of  1715,  magistrates  were  permitted  to  perfoiin  the 
marriage  ceremony,  "in  such  parishes  where  no  minister  shall  be  resident."  and  in 
1741  the  right  was  confined  to  the  clergy  of  the  Church  of  England  and  magistrates. 

^"  Yet  in  1715  the  North  Carolina  Assembly  required  the  observance  of  the  Lord's 
Day  "with  the  proper  acts  of  piety,"  prohibiting  any  trade  or  work  thereon,  and 
declared  January  30  and  September  22  days  of  fasting  and  prayer,  and  designated 
May  29  as  a  holy  day.     See  Colonial  Records,  Vol.  XXIII,  p.  3. 

■"See  Secret  History,  Note  38. 


March]  The  Secret  History  73 


[Continued  on  page  75] 


74  History  of  the  Dividlng  Line  [March 

being  crippled  with  the  Gout  in  both  his  Knees.  Here  we  flatter'd  our- 
selves we  should  by  this  time  meet  with  good  Tydings  of  the  Surveyors, 
but  had  reckon'd,  alas!  without  our  Host:  on  the  Contrary,  we  were  told 
the  Dismal  was  at  least  Thirty  Miles  wide  at  that  Place.  However,  as 
nobody  could  say  this  on  his  own  Knowledge,  we  Order'd  Guns  to  be  fired 
and  a  Drum  to  be  beaten,  but  receiv'd  no  Answer,  unless  it  was  from  that 
prating  Nymph  Echo,  who,  like  a  loquacious  Wife,  will  always  have  the 
last  Word,  and  Sometimes  return  three  for  one. 


18.  It  was  indeed  no  Wonder  our  Signal  was  not  heard  at  that  time, 
by  the  People  in  the  Dismal,  because,  in  Truth  they  had  not  then  pene- 
trated one  Third  of  their  way.  They  had  that  Morning  fallen  to  work 
with  great  Vigour;  and,  finding  the  Ground  better  than  Ordinary,  drove 
on  the  Line  2  Miles  and  38  poles.  This  was  reckon'd  an  Herculean  day's 
Work,  and  yet  they  would  not  have  Stopp'd  there,  had  not  an  impenetrable 
cedar  Thicket  chekt  their  Industry.  Our  Landlord  had  seated  Himself 
on  the  Borders  of  this  Dismal,  for  the  Advantage  of  the  Green  Food  His 
Cattle  find  there  all  Winter,  and  for  the  Rooting  that  Supports  His  Hogs. 
This,  I  own,  is  some  convenience  to  his  Purse,  for  which  his  whole  Family 
pay  dear  in  their  Persons,  for  they  are  devoured  by  musketas  all  the 
Summer,  and  have  Agues  every  Spring  and  Fall,  which  Corrupt  all  the 
Juices  of  their  Bodies,  give  them  a  cadaverous  complexion,  and  besides 
a  lazy,  creeping  Habit,  which  they  never  get  rid  of. 

19.  We  Ordered  Several  Men  to  Patrole  on  the  Edge  of  the  Dismal, 
both  towards  the  North  and  towards  the  South,  and  to  fire  Guns  at  proper 
Distances.  This  they  perform'd  very  punctually,  but  cou'd  hear  nothing  in 
return,  nor  gain  any  Sort  of  Intelligence.  In  the  mean  time  whole  Flocks 
of  Women  and  Children  flew  hither  to  Stare  at  us,  with  as  much  curiosity 
as  if  we  had  lately  Landed  from  Bantam  or  Morocco. 

Some  Borderers,  too,  had  a  great  Mind  to  know  where  the  Line  wou'd 
come  out,  being  for  the  most  part  Apprehensive  lest  their  Lands 
Should  be  taken  into  Virginia.  In  that  case  they  must  have  submitted 
to  some  Sort  of  Order  and  Government;  whereas,  in  N  Carolina,  every 
One  does  what  seems  best  in  his  own  Eyes.  There  were  some  good 
Women  that  brought  their  children  to  be  Baptiz'd,  but  brought  no  Capons 
along  with  them  to  make  the  solemnity  cheerful.  In  the  mean  time  it  was 
Strange  that  none  came  to  be  marry'd  in  such  a  Multitude,  if  it  had  only 
been  for  the  Novelty  of  having  their  Hands  Joyn'd  by  one  in  Holy  Orders. 
Yet  so  it  was,  that  tho'  our  chaplain  Christen'd  above  an  Hundred,  he  did 
not  marry  so  much  as  one  Couple  dureing  the  whole  Expedition.  But  mar- 
riage is  reckon'd  a  Lay  contract  in  Carolina,  as  I  said  before,  and  a  Country 
Justice  can  tie  the  fatal  Knot  there,  as  fast  as  an  Arch-Bishop. 

None  of  our  Visiters  could,  however,  tell  us  any  News  of  the  Surveyors, 


March]  The  Secret  History  75 


18.     It  was  not  possible  to  get  from  so  good  a  House  before  11 
a  Clock,  nor  then  neither  for  our  Servants.    When  Firebrand  ask't 
his  Man  why  he  lagg'd  behind,  he  exprest  himself  with  great  Free- 
dom of  his  Master,  swearing  he  cared  for  no  Mortal  but  his  dear 
self,  &  wishing  that  the  Devil  might  take  him,  if  he  ever  attended 
him  again  in  any  of  his  Travels.     We  made  the  best  of  our  way 
to  M'  Tho.  Speight's,  who  appear'd  to  be  a  Grandee  of  North- 
Carolina.^^     There  we  arriv'd  about  4,  tho'  the  Distance  cou'd 
not  be  less  than  25  Miles.     Upon  our  Arrival  our  poor  Landlord 
made  a  Shift  to  crawl  out  upon  his  Crutches,  having  the  Gout  in 
both  his  Knees.     He  bid  us  welcome,  &  a  great  Bustle  was  made 
in  the  Family,  about  our  Entertainment.    We  saw  2  truss^^  Damsels 
stump  about  very  Industriously,  that  were  handsome  enough  upon 
a  March.     Our  Landlord  gave  us  much  Concern,  by  affirming  with 
some  Assurance,  that  the  Dismal  cou'd  not  be  less  than  30  Miles 
in  Breadth.    All  our  Comfort  was,  that  his  Computation  depended 
wholly  on  his   own  wild  Conjecture.     We   ordered  Guns  to  be 
fired  &  a  Drum  to  be  beaten  to  try  if  we  cou'd  be  answer'd  out  of 
the  Desert,  but  we  had  no  answer,  but  from  that  making  Slut  Echo. 
The  Servants  ty'd  the  Horses  so  carelessly  diat  some  of  them  did 
our  Landlord  much  Damage  in  his  Fodder.     I  was  the  more  con- 
cem'd  at  this,  because  the  poor  Man  did  all  he  cou'd  to  supply  our 
Wants.    Firebrand  &  the  Parson  lay  single  while  some  were  oblig'd 
to  stow  3  in  a  Bed.     Nor  cou'd  lying  soft  &  alone  cure  the  first  of 
these  of  swearing  outrageously  in  his  Sleep. 

19.  We  dispatch't  Men  to  the  North  &  South  to  fire  Guns  on  the 
Edge  of  the  Dismal  by  way  of  Signal,  but  cou'd  gain  no  Intelli- 
gence of  our  People.  Men,  Women,  and  Children  flockt  from  the 
Neighbourhood,  to  stare  at  us  with  as  much  Curiosity  as  if  we  had 
been  Morrocco  Embassadors.     Many  Children  were  brought  to 


.    'tljl^'"^^  Speight,  of  Perquimans  County,  member  of  the  North  Carolina  Assembly 
m  1725  and  Associate  Justice  of  the  General  Court,  1726-28. 
"'*  Stout,  well-formed. 


76  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [March 

nor  Indeed  was  it  possible  any  of  them  shou'd  at  that  time,  They  being 
still  laboring  in  the  Midst  of  the  Dismal. 

It  seems  they  were  able  to  carry  the  Line  this  Day  no  further  than 
one  mile  and  61  Poles,  and  that  whole  distance  was  thro'  a  Miry  cedar 
Bogg,  where  the  ground  trembled  under  their  Feet  most  frightfully.  In 
many  places  too  their  Passage  was  retarded  by  a  great  number  of  fallen 
Trees,  that  lay  Horsing  upon  one  Another. 

Tho'  many  circumstances  concurr'd  to  make  this  an  unwholesome  Situa- 
tion, yet  the  Poor  men  had  no  time  to  be  sick,  nor  can  one  conceive  a 
more  Calamitous  Case  than  it  would  have  been  to  be  laid  up  in  that  un- 
comfortable Quagmire.  Never  were  Patients  more  tractable,  or  willing 
to  take  Physick,  than  these  honest  Fellows;  but  it  was  from  a  Dread 
of  laying  their  Bones  in  a  Bogg  that  wou'd  soon  spew  them  up  again. 
That  Consideration  also  put  them  upon  more  caution  about  their  Lodging. 

They  first  cover'd  the  Ground  with  Square  Pieces  of  Cypress  bark, 
which  now,  in  the  Spring,  they  cou'd  easily  Slip  off  the  Tree  for  that 
purpose.  On  this  they  Spread  their  Bedding;  but  unhappily  the  Weight 
and  Warmth  of  their  Bodies  made  the  Water  rise  up  betwixt  the  Joints 
of  the  Bark,  to  their  great  Inconvenience.  Thus  they  lay  not  only  moist, 
but  also  exceedingly  cold,  because  their  Fires  were  continually  going  out. 
For  no  sooner  was  the  Trash  upon  the  Surface  burnt  away,  but  immediate- 
ly the  Fire  was  extinguisht  by  the  Moisture  of  the  Soil,  Insomuch 
that  it  was  great  part  of  the  Centinel's  Business  to  rekindle  it  again  in  a 
Fresh  Place,  every  Quarter  of  an  Hour.  Nor  cou'd  they  indeed  do  their 
duty  better,  because  Cold  was  the  only  Enemy  they  had  to  Guard  against 
in  a  miserable  Morass,  where  nothing  can  inhabit. 

20.  We  could  get  no  Tidings  yet  of  our  Brave  Adventurers,  not- 
withstanding we  despatcht  men  to  the  likeliest  Stations  to  enquire  after 
them.  They  were  still  Scuffling  in  the  Mire,  and  could  not  Possibly 
forward  the  Line  this  whole  day  more  than  one  Mile  and  64  Chains. 
Every  Step  of  this  Day's  Work  was  thro'  a  cedar  Bog,  where  the  Trees  were 
somewhat  Smaller  and  grew  more  into  a  Thicket.  It  was  now  a  great 
Misfortune  to  the  Men  to  find  their  Provisions  grow  less  as  their  Labour 
grew  greater;  They  were  all  forct  to  come  to  short  Allowance,  and 
consequently  to  work  hard  without  filling  their  Bellies.  Tho'  this  was 
very  severe  upon  English  Stomachs,  yet  the  People  were  so  far  from 
being  discomfited  at  it,  that  they  still  kept  up  their  good  Humor,  and 
merrily  told  a  young  Fellow  in  the  Company,  who  lookt  very  Plump  and 
Wholesome,  that  he  must  expect  to  go  first  to  Pot,  if  matters  shou'd  come 
to  Extremity. 


March]  The  Secret  History  77 

our  Chaplain  to  be  christen'd,  but  no  Capons,  so  that  all  the  good 
he  did  that  way  was  gratis.  Maj"^  Alston  &  Capt.  Baker  made  us 
a  visit  &  din'd  with  us.^°  My  Landlord's  Daughter  Rachel  offer'd 
her  Service  to  wash  my  Linnen,  &  regal'd  me  with  a  Mess  of 
Hominy  toss't  up  with  Rank  Butter  &  Clyster  Sugar.  This  I  was 
forc't  to  eat,  to  shew  that  nothing  from  so  fair  a  hand  oou'd  be 
disagreeable.  She  was  a  smart  Lass,  &  when  I  desired  the  Parson 
to  make  a  Memorandum  of  his  Christenings,  that  we  might  keep 
an  Account  of  the  good  we  did,  she  ask't  me  very  pertly,  who  was 
to  keep  an  Account  of  the  Evil?  I  told  her  she  shou'd  be  my 
Secretary  for  that,  if  she  wou'd  go  along  with  me.  M"^  Pugh  &  M'' 
Oshield  help't  to  fill  up  our  House,  so  that  my  Landlady  told  us 
in  her  cups,  that  now  we  must  lie  3  in  a  Bed. 


20.  No  News  yet  of  our  Dismalities  tho'  we  dispatch't  Men  to 
every  point  of  the  Compass  to  enquire  after  them.  Our  Visitors 
took  their  Leave,  but  others  came  in  the  Evening  to  supply  their 
Places.  Judge  Jumble  who  left  us  at  Coratuck,  return'd  now  froni 
Edenton,  and  brought  3  Cormorants  along  with  him.  One  was  his 
own  Brother,^^  the  2*^  was  Brother  to  Shoebrush,^"  &  the  3*^  Cap*. 
Genneau,  who  had  sold  his  Commission  &  spent  the  money.  These 
honest  Gentlemen  had  no  business,  but  to  help  drink  out  our 
Liquor,  having  very  little  at  Home.  Shoebrush's  Brother  is  a  Col- 
lector, &  owes  his  Place  to  a  Bargain  he  made  with  Firebrand. 
Never  were  understrappers  so  humble,  as  the  N.  Carolina  Col- 
lectors are  to  this  huge  Man.     They  pay  him  the  same  Colirt  they 


'  The  Alstons  and  Bakers  were  families  of  Chowan  County,  North  Carolina. 
Edmund  Gale. 
'  Thomas  Lovick  of  Chowan  County,  Collector  of  the  Customs. 


78  History  of  the  Dividlng  Line  [March 

This  was  only  said  by  way  of  Jest,  yet  it  made  Him  thoughtful  in 
earnest.  However,  for  the  Present  he  return'd  them  a  very  civil  answer, 
letting  them  know  that,  dead  or  alive,  he  shou'd  be  glad  to  be  useful 
to  such  worthy  good  Friends.  But,  after  all,  this  Humorous  Saying  had 
one  very  good  Effect,  for  that  yonker,  who  before  was  a  little  enclin'd 
by  his  Constitution  to  be  lazy,  grew  on  a  Sudden  Extreamly  Industrious, 
that  so  there  might  be  less  Occasion  to  carbonade  him  for  the  good  of  his 
Fellow-Travellers. 

While  our  Friends  were  thus  embarrast  in  the  Dismal,  the  Commis- 
sioners began  to  ly  under  great  uneasiness  for  them.  They  knew  very  well 
their  Provisions  must  by  this  time  begin  to  fall  Short,  nor  cou'd  they 
conceive  any  likely  means  of  a  Supply.  At  this  time  of  the  Year  both 
the  Cattle  and  Hoggs  had  forsaken  the  Skirts  of  the  Dismal,  invited  by 
the  Springing  Grass  on  the  firm  Land.  All  our  hopes  were  that  Provi- 
dence wou'd  cause  some  Wild  Game  to  fall  in  their  way,  or  else  direct 
them  to  a  wholesome  Vegetable  for  Subsistence.  In  Short  they  were 
haunted  with  so  many  Frights  on  this  Occasion,  that  they  were  in  truth 
more  uneasy  than  the  Persons  whose  Case  they  lamented. 

We  had  several  Visiters  from  Edenton,  in  the  Afternoon,  that  came 
with  Mr.  Gale,  who  had  prudently  left  us  at  Coratuck,  to  Scuffle  thro' 
that  dirty  Country  by  our  Selves.  These  Gentlemen,  having  good  Noses, 
had  smelt  out,  at  30  Miles  Distance,  the  Precious  Liquor,  with  which  the 
Liberality  of  our  good  Friend  Mr.  Mead  had  just  before  Supply'd  us. 
That  generous  Person  had  judg'd  very  right,  that  we  were  now  got  out  of 
the  Latitude  of  Drink  proper  for  men  in  Affliction,  and  therefore  was  so 
good  as  to  send  his  Cart  loaden  with  all  sorts  of  refreshments,  for  which 
the  Commissioners  return'd  Him  their  Thanks,  and  the  Chaplain  His 
Blessing. 

21.  The  Surveyors  and  their  Attendants  began  now  in  good  Earnest 
to  be  alarm'd  with  Apprehensions  of  Famine,  nor  could  they  forbear  look- 
ing with  Some  Sort  of  Appetite  upon  a  dog  that  had  been  the  faithful 
Companion  of  their  Travels. 

Their  Provisions  were  now  near  exhausted.  They  had  this  Morning 
made  the  last  Distribution,  that  so  each  might  Husband  his  small  Pittance 
as  he  pleas'd.  Now  it  was  that  the  fresh  Colour'd  Young  Man  began  to 
tremble  every  Joint  of  Him,  having  dreamed,  the  Night  before,  that  the 
Indians  were  about  to  Barbacue  him  over  live  coals. 

The  Prospect  of  Famine  determin'd  the  People,  at  last,  with  one  consent, 
to  abandon  the  Line  for  the  Present,  which  advanced  but  slowly,  and 
make  the  best  of  their  way  to  firm  Land.  Accordingly  they  sat  off  very 
early,  and,  by  the  help  of  the  Compass  which  they  carried  along  with  them, 
Steer'd   a   direct  Westwardly  Course.     They   marcht  from   Morning  till 


March]  The  Secret  History  79 

wou'd  do,  if  they  held  dieir  Commissions  immediately  from  his 
Will  &  Pleasure.  Tho'  the  Case  is  much  otherwise,  because  their 
Commissions  are  as  good  as  his,  being  granted  by  the  same  Com- 
missioners of  his  Majesty's  Customers.  However  he  expects  a 
World  of  Homage  from  them,  calling  them  his  Officers.  Nor  is 
he  content  with  homage  only,  but  he  taxes  them,  as  indeed  he 
does  all  the  other  Collectors  of  his  Province  with  a  hundred  little 
Services. 

At  Night  the  Noble  Captain  retir'd  before  the  rest  of  the  company, 
&  was  stepping  without  Ceremony  into  our  Bed,  but  I  arriv'd  just 
time  enough  to  prevent  it.  We  cou'd  not  possibly  be  so  civil  to 
this  free  Gentleman,  as  to  make  him  so  great  a  Compliment: 
Much  less  let  him  take  possession  according  to  the  Carolina  Breed- 
ing without  Invitation.  Had  Ruth  or  Rachel  my  Landlord's 
Daughters  taken  this  Liberty;  We  shou'd  perhaps  have  made  no 
Words:  but  in  truth  the  Captain  had  no  Charms  that  merited  so 
particular  an  Indulgence. 


21.  Several  Persons  from  several  parts  came  to  see  Us  amongst 
which  was  M"^  Baker  &  his  Brother  the  Surveyor  of  Nansimond, 
but  cou'd  tell  us  no  Tydings  from  the  Dismal.  We  began  to  be 
in  pain  for  the  Men  who  had  been  trotting  in  that  Bogg  so  long, 
&  the  more  because  we  apprehended  a  Famine  amongst  them. 
I  had  indeed  given  a  Warrant  to  kill  any  thing  that  came  in  their 
way  in  case  of  Necessity,  not  knowing  that  no  living  Creature  cou'd 
inhabit  that  inhospitable  Place.  My  Landlord  thought  our  Stay 
here  as  tedious  as  we  did,  because  we  eat  up  his  corn  and  Summer 
Provisions.  However  the  Hopes  of  being  well  paid  render'd  that 
Evil  more  Supportable.  But  Complaint  being  made  that  the  Corn 
grew  low.  We  retrench't  the  poor  Man's  Horses  to  one  Meal  a  day. 
In  the  Evening  Plausible  &  Puzzlecause  retum'd  to  Us  from  Eden- 
ton,  where  they  had  been  to  recover  the  great  Fatigue  of  doing 
nothing,  &  to  pick  up  new  Scandal  against  their  Governour. 


80  History  of  the  Dividlng  Line  [March 

Night,  and  Computed  their  Journey  to  amount  to  about  4  Miles,  which  was 
a  great  way,  considering  the  difficulties  of  the  Ground.  It  was  all  along 
a  Cedar-Swamp,  so  dirty  and  perplext,  that  if  they  had  not  travell'd  for 
their  Lives,  they  cou'd  not  have  reacht  so  far. 

On  their  way  they  espied  a  Turkey-Buzzard,  that  flew  prodigiously 
high  to  get  above  the  Noisome  Exhalations  that  ascend  from  that  filthy 
place.  This  they  were  willing  to  understand  as  a  good  Omen,  according 
to  the  Superstitions  of  the  Ancients,  who  had  great  Faith  in  the  Flight  of 
Vultures.  However,  after  all  this  tedious  Journey,  they  could  yet  discover 
no  End  of  their  Toil,  which  made  them  very  pensive,  especially  after 
they  had  eat  the  last  Morsel  of  their  Provisions.  But  to  their  unspeakable 
comfort,  Avhen  all  was  husht  in  the  Evening,  they  heard  the  Cattle  low, 
and  the  Dogs  bark,  very  distinctly,  which,  to  Men  in  that  distress,  was 
more  delightful  Music  than  Faustina  or  Farinelli  cou'd  have  made. 
In  the  mean  time  the  Commissioners  could  get  no  News  of  them  from 
any  of  their  Visiters,  who  assembled  from  every  Point  of  the  Compass. 

But  the  good  Landlord  had  Visitors  of  another  kind  while  we  were  there, 
that  is  to  say,  some  industrious  Masters  of  Ships,  that  lay  in  Nansimond 
River.  These  worthy  Commanders  came  to  bespeak  Tobacco  from  these 
Parts  to  make  up  their  Loadings,  in  Contempt  of  the  Virginia  Law,  which 
Positively  forbad  their  taking  in  any  made  in  North  Carolina."'-  Nor 
was  this  Restraint  at  all  unreasonable;  because  they  have  no  Law  in 
Carolina,  either  to  mend  the  Quality  or  lessen  the  quantity  of  Tobacco, 
or  so  much  as  to  prevent  the  turning  out  of  Seconds,  all  which  cases  have 
been  provided  against  by  the  Laws  of  Virginia.  Wherefore,  there  can  be 
no  reason  why  the  Inhabitants  of  that  Province  Shou'd  have  the  same 
Advantage  of  Shipping  their  Tobacco  in  our  Parts,  when  they  will  by  no 
means  submit  to  the  same  Restrictions  that  we  do. 

22.  Our  Patrole  happen'd  not  to  go  far  enough  to  the  Northward  this 
Morning,  if  they  had,  the  People  in  the  Dismal  might  have  heard  the 
Report  of  their  Guns.  For  this  Reason  they  return'd  without  any  Tydings, 
which  threw  us  into  a  great  tho'  unnecessary  Perplexity.  This  was  now 
the  Ninth  day  since  they  enter'd  into  that  inhospitable  Swamp,  and  con- 
sequently we  had  reason  to  believe  their  Provisions  were  quite  Spent. 

We  knew  they  workt  hard,  and  therefore  would  eat  heartily,  so  long 
as  they  had  wherewithal  to  recruit  their  Spirits,  not  imagining  the  Swamp 
so  wide  as  they  found  it.  Had  we  been  able  to  guess  where  the  Line 
wou'd  come  out,  we  wou'd  have  sent  men  to  meet  them  with  a  fresh 
Supply;  but  as  we  cou'd  know  nothing  of  that,  and  as  we  had  neither 
Compass  nor  Surveyor  to  guide  a  Messenger  on  such  an  Errand,  we  were 


^  In  1679  Virginia  prohibited  the  importation  of  North  Carolina  tobacco,  but  this 
was  repeated  in  1705  and  1726.  (Hening,  II  445,  III  253,  IV  175.)  It  is  interesting 
to  note  that  this  policy  was  a  subject  of  protest  to  the  British  government  by  Richard 
Fitz-William.     {Colonial  Records  of  North  Carolina,  Vol.  II,  pp.  684,  816.) 


March]  The  Secret  History  81 


22.  Our  disagreeable  Carolina  Visitors  were  so  kind  as  to  take 
their  Leave,  so  did  M""  Osheilds  &  Cap*  Toot,  by  which  our  Com- 
pany &  my  Landlord's  Trouble  were  considerably  lessen'd.  We 
went  out  several  Ways  in  the  Morning,  <&  cou'd  get  no  intelligence. 
But  in  the  Afternoon  Bootes  brought  us  the  welcome  News  that 
the  Surveyors  &  all  the  People  were  come  safe  out  of  the  Dismal. 
They  landed  if  one  may  so  call  it,  near  6  Miles  North  of  this 
Place  about  ten  this  Morning  not  far  from  the  House  of  Peter 
Brinkley.  Here  they  appeas'd  their  Hungry  Stomachs,  and  waited 
to  receive  our  Orders.  It  seems  the  Distance  thro'  the  Desart 
where  they  past  it  was   15  Miles.     Of  this  they  had  mark't  & 


82  History  of  the  Dividlng  Line  [March 

unwilling  to  expose  him  to  no  Purpose;  Therefore,  all  we  were  able 
to  do  for  them,  in  so  great  an  Extremity,  was  to  recommend  them  to  a 
Merciful  Providence. 

However  long  we  might  think  the  time,  yet  we  were  cautious  of 
Shewing  our  uneasiness,  for  fear  of  Mortifying  our  Landlord.  He  had 
Done  his  best  for  us,  and  therefore  we  were  unwilling  he  should  think 
us  dissatisfy 'd  with  our  Entertainment,  In  the  midst  of  our  concern,  we 
were  most  argeeably  surpriz'd,  just  after  Dinner,  with  the  News  that 
the  Dismalites  were  all  Safe.  These  blessed  Tidings  were  brought  to  us 
by  Mr.  Swan,  the  Carolina-Surveyor,  who  came  to  us  in  a  very  tatter'd 
condition. 

After  very  Short  Salutations,  we  got  about  Him  as  if  He  had  been  a 
Hottentot,  and  began  to  Inquire  into  his  Adventures.  He  gave  us  a 
Detail  of  their  uncomfortable  Voyage  thro'  the  Dismal,  and  told  us, 
particularly,  they  had  pursued  their  Journey  early  that  Morning,  en- 
couraged by  the  good  Omen  of  seeing  the  Crows  fly  over  their  Heads;  that, 
after  an  Hour's  march  over  very  Rotten  Ground,  they,  on  a  Sudden,  began 
to  find  themselves  among  tall  Pines,  that  grew  in  the  Water,  which  in 
Many  Places  was  Knee-deep.  This  Pine  Swamp,  into  which  that  of 
Coropeak  drain'd  itself,  extended  near  a  Mile  in  Breadth;  and  tho'  it 
was  exceedingly  wet,  yet  it  was  much  harder  at  Bottom  than  the  rest  of 
the  Swamp;  that  about  Ten  in  the  Morning,  they  recovered  firm  Land, 
which  they  embraced  with  as  much  Pleasure  as  Shipwreckt  Wretches  do 
the  shoar. 

After  these  honest  adventurers  had  congratulated  each  other's  Deliver- 
ance, their  first  Inquiry  was  for  a  good  House,  where  they  might  Satisfy 
the  Importunity  of  their  Stomachs.  Their  good  Genius  directed  them  to 
Mr.  Brinkley's,  who  dwells  a  little  to  the  Southward  of  the  Line.  This  Man 
began  immediately  to  be  very  inquisitive,  but  they  declar'd  they  had  no 
Spirits  to  answer  Questions  till  after  Dinner. 

"But  pray,  Gentlemen,"  said  he,  "answer  me  One  Question  at  least: 
what  shall  we  get  for  your  Dinner?"  To  which  they  replied,  "No  Matter 
what,  provided  it  be  but  Enough."  He  kindly  supply'd  their  Wants  as 
soon  as  possible,  and  by  the  Strength  of  that  Refreshment  they  made  a 
Shift  to  come  to  us  in  the  Evening,  to  tell  their  own  Story.  They  all 
lookt  very  thin,  and  as  ragged  as  the  Gibeonite  Ambassadors  did  in  the 
days  of  Yore.  Our  Surveyors  told  us  they  had  measur'd  Ten  Miles  in  the 
Dismal,  and  Computed  the  Distance  they  had  Marcht  since  to  amount  to 
about  five  more,  So  they  made  the  whole  Breadth  to  be  15  Miles  in  all. 


March]  The  Secret  History  83 

measur'd  no  more  than  ten,  but  had  travers'd  the  remainder  as  fast 
as  they  cou'd  for  their  Lives.    They  were  reduced  to  such  Straights 
that  they  began  to  look  upon  John  Ellis's  Dog  with  a  longing 
Appetite,  &  John  Evans  who  was  fat  &  well  liking,  had  reasons 
to  fear  that  he  wou'd  be  the  next  Morsel.     We  sent  Astrolabe's 
Horses  for  him  &  his  Brother,  &  Firebrand  ordered  Peter  Jones 
with  an  air  of  Authority  to  send  his  Horse  for  Orion:  but  he  let 
him  understand  very  frankly  that  nobody  shou'd  ride  his  Horse 
but  himself,  so  not  finding  his  Commands  obeyed  by  the  Virgin- 
ians, he  try'd  his  Power  amongst  the  Carolina  Men,  who  were 
more  at  his  Devotion,  &  sent  one  of  their  Horses  for  his  Friend,  to 
save  his  own;  he  also  sent  him  a  Pottle-Bottle  of  Strong  Beer 
particularly,  without  any  regard  to  Astrolabe,  tho'  the  Beer  Be- 
long'd  to  the  other  Commissioners,  as  much  as  to  him.     We  also 
sent  Horses  for  the  Men,  that  they  might  come  to  us  &  refresh 
themselves  after  so  dreadfull  a  Fatigue.     They  had  however  gone 
thro'  it  all  with  so  much  Fortitude,  that  they  discover'd  as  much 
Strength  of  Mind  as  of  Body.     They  were  now  all  in  perfect 
Health,  tho'  their  moist  Lodging  for  so  many  Nights,  &  drinking  of 
Standing  Water  tinged  with  the  Roots  of  Juniper,  had  given  them 
little  Fevers  &  Slight  Fluxes  in  their  Passage,  which  as   slight 
Remedys  recover'd.     Since  I  mention'd  the  Strong  Beer,  It  will 
be  but  just  to  remember  Cap*  Meads  Generosity  to  Us.    His  Cart 
arriv'd  here  Yesterday  with  a  very  handsome  present  to  the  Com- 
missioners of  Virginia.     It  brought  them  2  Doz.  Quart  Bottles  of 
Excellent  Madera  Wine,  1  Doz.  Pottle  Bottles  of  Strong  Beer,  & 
half  a  Dozen  Quarts  of  Jamaica  Rum.     To  this  general  Present 
was  added  a  particular  One  to  Meanwell,  of  Naples-Biscuit  from 
M''^  Mead.     At  the  same  time  we  receiv'd  a  very  Polite  Letter, 
which  gave  a  good  Grace  to  his  Generosity,  &  doubled  our  Obliga- 
tion.   And  surely  never  was  Bounty  better  timed,  when  it  enabled 
us  to  regale  the  poor  Dismalites  whose  Spirits  needed  some  Recruit. 
And  indeed  we  needed  comfort  as  well  as  they,  for  tho'  we  had 
not  shared  with  them  in  the  Labours  of  the  Body  yet  we  made 
it  up  with  the  Labour  of  the  Mind,  and  our  Fears  had  brought  us 
as  low,  as  our  Fatigue  had  done  them.     I  wrote  a  Letter  of  thanks 


84  History  of  the  Dividi.ng  Line  [March 


23.  It  was  very  reasonable  that  the  Surveyors,  and  the  men  who 
had  been  Sharers  in  their  Fatigue,  should  now  have  a  little  Rest.  They 
were  all,  except  one,  in  good  Health  and  good  heart,  blessed  be  God! 
notwithstanding  the  dreadful  Hardships  they  had  gone  through.  It  was 
really  a  Pleasure  to  see  the  Chearfulness  wherewith  they  receiv'd  the 
Order  to  prepare  to  re-enter  the  Dismal  on  the  Monday  following,  in  order 
to  continue  the  Line  from  the  Place  where  they  had  left  off  measuring, 
that  so  we  might  have  the  Exact  Breadth  of  that  Dirty  Place.  There 
were  no  more  than  two  of  them  that  cou'd  be  perswaded  to  be  reliev'd  on 
this  Occasion,  or  Suffer  the  other  men  to  Share  the  Credit  of  that  bold 
Undertaking,  Neither  wou'd  these  have  Suffer'd  it  had  not  one  of  them 
been  very  lame,  and  the  Other  much  Indispos'd. 

By  the  Description  the  Surveyors  gave  of  the  Dismal,  we  were  convinc'd 
that  nothing  but  the  Exceeding  dry  Season  we  had  been  bless'd  with 
cou'd  have  made  the  passing  of  it  practicable.  It  is  the  Source  of  no  less 
than  five  Several  Rivers  which  discharge  themselves  Southward  into 
Albemarle  Sound,  and  of  two  that  run  northerly  into  Virginia.  From 
thence  tis  easy  to  imagine  that  the  Soil  must  be  thoroughly  Soakt  with 
Water,  or  else  there  must  be  plentiful  Stores  of  it  under  Ground;  to 
supply  so  many  Rivers;  especially  since  there  is  no  Lake,  or  any  con- 
siderable Body  of  that  Element  to  be  seen  on  the  Surface.  The  Rivers 
that  Head  in  it  from  Virginia  are  the  South  Branch  of  Nansimond,  and 
the  West  Branch  of  Elizabeth;  and  those  from  Carolina  are  North-west 
River,  North  River,  Pasquetank,  Little  River,  and  Pequimons. 

There  is  one  remarkable  part  of  the  Dismal,  lying  to  the  south  of 
the  Line,  that  has  few  or  no  Trees  growing  on  it,  but  contains  a  large 
Tract  of  tall  Reeds.  These  being  green  all  the  Year  round,  and  waveing 
with  every  Wind,  have  procur'd  it  the  Name  of  the  Green  Sea. 

We  are  not  yet  acquainted  with  the  precise  Extent  of  the  Dismal,  the 
whole  haveing  never  been  Survey'd;  but  it  may  be  Computed  at  a  Medium 
to  be  about  30  Miles  long  and  10  Miles  broad,  tho'  where  the  Line  crost 
it,  twas  compleatly  15  Miles  wide.  But  it  seems  to  grow  Narrower  to- 
wards the  North,  or  at  least  does  so  in  many  Places.  The  Exhalations 
that  continually  rise  from  this  vast  Body  of  mire  and  Nastiness  infect  the 
Air  for  many  Miles  around,  and  render  it  very  unwholesome  for  the 
Bordering  Inhabitants.  It  makes  them  liable  to  Agues,  Pleurisies,  and 
many  other  Distempers,  that  kill  abundance  of  People,  and  make  the  rest 
look  no  better  than  Ghosts.  It  wou'd  require  a  great  Sum  of  Money  to 
drain  it,  but  the  Publick  Treasure  cou'd  not  be  better  bestow'd  than  to 
preserve  the  Lives  of  his  Majesty's  Liege  People,  and  at  the  same  time 
render  so  great  a  Tract  of  Swamp  very  Profitable,  besides  the  advantage 


March]  The  Secret  History  85 

to  our  generous  Benefactor,  concluding  with  a  Tender  of  the  Com- 
missioners Service  &  the  Blessing  of  their  Chaplain. 

23.     The  Surveyors  described  the  Dismal  to  us  in  the  following 
Manner.     That  it  was  in  many  places  overgrown  with  tall  Reeds 
interwoven  with  large  Briars  in  which  the  Men  were  frequently 
intangled.     And  that  not  only  in  the  Skirts  of  it,  but  likewise  to- 
wards the  Middle.     In  other  places  it  was  full  of  Juniper  Trees, 
commonly  so  call'd,  tho'  they  seem  rather  to  be  white  Cedars. 
Some  of  these  are  of  a  great  Bigness:  but  the  Soil  being  soft  & 
boggy,  there  is  little  hold  for  the  Roots,  &  consequently  any  high 
Wind  blows  many  of  them  down.    By  this  means  they  lye  in  heaps, 
horsing  upon  one  another,  and  brittling  out  with  Sharp  Snaggs, 
so  that  Passage  in  many  plpaces  is  difficult  and  Dangerous.     The 
Ground  was  generally  very  quaggy,  &  the  Impressions  of  the  Men's 
feet  were  immediately  fill'd  with  Water.     So  if  there  was  any 
hole  made  it  was  soon  full  of  that  Element,  &  by  that  Method  it 
was  that  our  People  supply 'd  themselves  with  drink.     Nay  if  they 
made  a  Fire,  in  less  than  half  an  Hour,  when  the  crust  of  Leaves 
&  Trash  were  burnt  thro',  it  wou'd  sink  down  into  a  Hole,  &  be 
extinguish't.     So  replete  is  this   Soil  with  Water,  that  it  cou'd 
never  have  been  passable,  but  in  a  very  dry  Season.     And  indeed 
considering  it  is  the  Source  of  6  or  7  Rivers,  without  any  Visible 
Body  of  Water  to  supply  them,  there  must  be  great  Stores  of  it 
under  Ground.     Some  part  of  this  Swamp  has  few  or  no  Trees 
growing  in  it,  but  contains  a  large  Tract  of  Reeds,  which  being 
perpetually  green,  &  waving  in  the  Wind,  it  is  call'd  the  Green  Sea. 
Gall-Bushes  grow  very  thick  in  many  parts  of  it,  which  are  ever 
green  Shrubs,  bearing  a  Berry  which  dies  a  Black  Colour  like 
the  Galls  of  the  Oak,  &  from  thence  they  receive  their  Name. 

Abundance  of  Cypress  Trees  grow  likewise  in  this  Swamp,  and 
some  Pines  upon  the  Borders  towards  the  firm  Land,  but  the 
Soil  is  so  moist  &  miry,  that  like  the  Junipers  a  high  wind  mows 
many  of  them  down.  It  is  remarkable  that  towards  the  middle  of 
the  Dismal  no  Beast  or  Bird  or  even  Reptile  can  live,  not  only 
because  of  the  softness  of  the  Ground,  but  likewise  because  it  is  so 
overgrown  with  Thickets,  that  the  Genial  Beams  of  the  Sun  can 


86  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [March 

of  making  a  Channel  to  transport  hy  water-carriage  goods  from  Albe- 
marle Sound  into  Nansimond  and  Elizabeth  Rivers,  in  Virginia.^^ 


Such  a  project  was  planned  by  Byrd  himself.     See  Introduction,  p.  xxiv. 


March]  The  Secret  History 


87 


never  penetrate  them.  Indeed  on  the  Skirts  of  it  Cattle  &  Hogs 
will  venture  for  the  Sake  of  the  Reeds,  &  Roots,  with  which  they 
will  keep  themselves  fat  all  the  winter.  This  is  a  great  Advantage 
to  the  Bordering  Inhabitants  in  that  particular,  tho'  they  pay  dear 
for  it  by  the  Agues  &  other  distemper  occasion'd  by  the  Noxious 
Vapours  the  rise  perpetually  from  that  vast  Extent  of  Mire  & 
Nastiness.  And  a  vast  Extent  it  is,  being  computed  at  a  Medium 
10  Miles  Broad,  &  30  Miles  long,  tho'  where  the  Line  past  it,  'twas 
compleatly  15  Miles  broad.  However  this  dirty  Dismal  is  in 
many  parts  of  it  very  pleasant  to  the  Eye,  tho'  disagreeable  to 
the  other  Sences,  because  there  is  an  everlasting  Verdure,  which 
makes  every  Season  look  like  the  Spring.  The  way  the  Men  took 
to  Secure  their  Bedding  here  from  moisture,  was,  by  laying  Cy- 
press Bark  under  their  Blankets,  etc  which  made  their  Lodging 
hard,  but  much  more  wholesome. 

It  is  easy  to  imagine  the  hardships  the  poor  Men  underwent  in 
this  intolerable  place,  who  besides  the  Burdens  on  their  Backs, 
were  oblig'd  to  clear  the  way  before  the  Surveyors,  &  to  measure 
&  mark  after  them.  However  they  went  thro'  it  all  not  only  with 
Patience,  but  cheerfulness.  Tho'  Orion  was  as  peevish  as  an  old 
Maid  all  the  way,  &  more  so,  because  he  cou'd  perswade  Nobody 
to  be  out  of  Humour  but  himself.  The  merriment  of  the  Men, 
&  their  Innocent  Jokes  with  one  another,  gave  him  great  offence, 
whereas  if  he  had  had  a  grain  of  good  Nature,  he  shou'd  have  re- 
joiced to  find,  that  the  greatest  difficuhys  cou'd  not  break  their 
Spirits,  or  lessen  their  good  Humor.  Robin  Hix  took  the  Liberty  to 
make  him  some  short  replys,  that  discompos'd  him  very  much, 
particularly  one  hot  day  when  the  poor  Fellow  had  a  Load  fit 
for  a  Horse  upon  his  Back,  Orion  had  the  Conscience  to  desire  him 
to  carry  his  great  Coat.  But  he  roundly  refus'd  it,  telling  him 
frankly  he  has  already  as  great  a  Burden  as  he  cou'd  Stagger 
under.  This  Orion  stomach't  so  much,  that  he  complain'd  privately 
of  it  to  Firebrand  as  soon  as  he  saw  him,  but  said  not  one  Syllable 
of  it  to  me.  However  I  was  inform'd  of  it  by  Astrolabe,  but 
resolved  to  take  no  Notice,  unless  the  cause  was  brought  before 
us  in  Form,  that  the  Person  accus'd  might  have  the  English  Liberty 


88  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [March 


24.  This  being  Sunday,  we  had  a  Numerous  congregation,  which 
flockt  to  our  Quarters  from  all  the  adjacent  Country.  The  News  that  our 
Surveyors  were  come  out  of  the  Dismal,  increas'd  the  Number  very  much, 
because  it  wou'd  give  them  an  Opportunity  of  guessing,  at  least,  where- 
abouts the  Line  wou'd  cut,  whereby  they  might  form  Some  Judgment 
whether  they  belong'd  to  Virginia  or  Carolina.  Those  who  had  taken  up 
Land  within  the  Disputed  Bounds  were  in  great  pain  lest  it  should  be  found 
to  ly  in  Virginia;  because  this  being  done  contrary  to  an  Express  Order 
of  that  government,  the  Patentees  had  great  reason  to  fear  they  should  in 
that  case  have  lost  their  land.  But  their  Apprehensions  were  now  at 
an  end,  when  they  understood  that  all  the  Territory  which  had  been  con- 
troverted was  like  to  be  left  in  Carolina. 


March]  The  Secret  History  89 

of  being  heard  in  his  turn.  But  Firebrand  Said  a  Gentleman 
shou'd  be  believ'd  on  his  bare  word  without  Evidence,  and  a  poor 
Man  condemned  without  Tryal,  which  agreed  not  at  all  with  my 
Notions  of  Justice.  I  understand  all  this  at  2"  hand,  but  Meanwell 
was  let  into  the  Secret  by  the  Partys  themselves,  with  the  hopes  of 
perverting  him  into  their  Sentiments,  but  he  was  Stanch,  &  they 
were  not  able  to  make  the  least  Impression  upon  him.  This  was 
a  grievous  Baulk,  because  if  they  cou'd  have  gain'd  him  over, 
they  flatter'd  themselves  they  might  have  been  as  unrighteous  as 
they  pleased  by  a  majority.  As  it  happens  to  Persons  disappointed 
it  broil'd  upon  our  Gentlemen's  Stomacks  so  much,  that  they  were 
but  indifferent  Company;  and  I  observ'd  very  plain,  that  Fire- 
brand joked  less  a  days  &  swore  more  a  Nights  ever  after.  After 
these  Mistfortunes,  to  be  formally  civil  was  as  much  as  we  cou'd 
afford  to  be  to  one  another.  Neither  of  us  cou'd  dissemble 
enough  to  put  on  a  gay  outside  when  it  was  cloudy  within.  How- 
ever this  inward  uneasiness  helpt  to  make  the  rest  of  our  Suffer- 
ings the  more  intollerable.  When  People  are  join'd  together  in  a 
troublesome  Commission,  they  shou'd  endeavor  to  sweeten  by 
Complacency  &  good  Humour  all  the  Hazards  &  Hardships  they 
are  bound  to  encounter,  &  not  like  marry'd  People  make  their 
condition  worse  by  everlasting  discord.  Tho'  in  this  indeed  we 
had  the  Advantage  of  marry'd  People,  that  a  few  Weeks  wou'd 
part  us. 


24.  This  being  Sunday  the  People  flock't  from  all  parts  partly 
out  of  Curiosity,  &  partly  out  of  Devotion.  Among  the  Female 
part  of  our  Congregation,  there  was  not  much  Beauty,  the  most  fell 
to  Maj"".  Alston's  Daughter,  who  is  said  to  be  no  niggard  of  it. 
Our  Chaplain  made  some  Christians,  but  cou'd  perswade  nobody 
to  be  marry'd  because  every  Country  Justice  can  do  that  Jobb  for 
them.  Major  Alston  &  Captain  Baker  dined  with  us.  In  the  after- 
noon I  equipt  the  Men  with  Provissions,  &  dispatch't  them  away 
with  Astrolabe  &  Bootes,  to  the  Place  where  they  were  to  return 
into  the  Dismal,  in  order  to  mark  &  measure  what  they  had  left 
unfiiiish't.  Plausible  &  Shoebrush  took  a  turn  to  Edenton,  &  in- 
vited us  to  go  with  them,  but  I  was  unwilling  to  go  from  my 


90  History  of  the  Dividlng  Line  [March 

In  the  afternoon,  those  who  were  to  re-enter  the  Dismal  were  furnisht 
with  the  Necessary  Provisions,  and  Order'd  to  repair  the  Over-Night  to 
their  Landlord,  Peter  Brinkley's,  that  they  might  be  ready  to  begin  their 
Business  early  on  Monday  Morning,  Mr.  Irvin  was  excus'd  from  the 
Fatigue,  in  complement  to  his  Lungs;  but  Mr.  Mayo  and  Mr.  Swan  were 
Robust  enough  to  return  upon  that  painful  Service,  and,  to  do  them 
Justice,  they  went  with  great  Alacrity.  The  Truth  was,  they  now  knew 
the  worst  of  it;  and  cou'd  guess  pretty  near  at  the  time  when  they  might 
hope  to  return  to  Land  again. 

25.*  The  air  was  chill'd  this  Morning  with  a  Smart  North-west  Wind, 
which  favour'd  the  Dismalites  in  their  Dirty  March.  They  return'd  by  the 
Path  they  had  made  in  coming  out,  and  with  great  Industry  arriv'd  in  the 
Evening  at  the  Spot  where  the  Line  had  been  discontinued. 

After  so  long  and  laborious  a  Journey,  they  were  glad  to  repose  them- 
selves on  their  couches  of  Cypress-bark,  where  their  sleep  was  as 
sweet  as  it  wou'd  have  been  on  a  Bed  of  Finland  Down. 

In  the  mean  time,  we  who  stay'd  behind  had  nothing  to  do,  but  to  make 
the  best  observations  we  cou'd  upon  that  Part  of  the  Country.  The  Soil 
of  our  Landlord's  Plantation,  tho'  none  of  the  best,  seem'd  more  fertile 
than  any  thereabouts,  where  the  Ground  is  near  as  Sandy  as  the  Desarts 
of  Affrica,  and  consequently  barren.  The  Road  leading  from  thence  to 
Edenton,  being  in  distance  about  21  Miles,  lies  upon  a  Ridge  call'd  Sandy- 
Ridge,  which  is  so  wretchedly  Poor  that  it  will  not  bring  Potatoes. 

The  Pines  in  this  Part  of  the  country  are  of  a  different  Species  from 
those  that  grow  in  Virginia:  their  bearded  Leaves  are  much  longer  and 
their  Cones  much  larger.  Each  Cell  contains  a  Seed  of  the  Size  and 
Figure  of  a  black-ey'd  Pea,  which.  Shedding  in  November,  is  very  good 
Mast  for  Hogs,  and  fattens  them  in  a  Short  time. 

The  Smallest  of  these  Pines  are  full  of  Cones,  which  are  8  or  9  Inches 
long,  and  each  affords  commonly  60  or  70  Seeds.  This  Kind  of  Mast 
has  the  Advantage  of  all  other,  by  being  more  constant,  and  less  liable 
to  be  nippt  by  the  Frost,  or  Eaten  by  the  Caterpillars.  The  Trees  also 
abound  more  with  Turpentine,  and  consequently  yield  more  Tarr,  than 
either  the  Yellow  or  the  White  Pine;  And  for  the  same  reason  make  more 
durable  Timber  for  building.  The  Inhabitants  hereabouts  pick  up  Knots 
of  Lightwood  in  Abundance,  which  they  burn  into  tar,  and  then  carry 
it  to  Norfolk  or  Nansimond  for  a  Market.  The  Tar  made  in  this  method 
is  the  less  Valuable,  because  it  is  said  to  burn  the  Cordage,  tho'  it  is 
full  as  good  for  all  other  uses,  as  that  made  in  Sweden  and  Muscovy. 

Surely  there  is  no  place  in  the  World  where  the  Inhabitants  live  with 


*Byrd"s  manuscript  here  notes  a  new  year,  1729.  This  is  due  to  the  fact  that  in 
the  Old  Style  the  new  year  began  on  March  25.  Following  the  precedent  of  Pro- 
fessor Bassett,  a  deviation  from  the  text  is  made,  the  date  1728  being  preserved  as 
that,  according  to  our  calender,  was  the  year  of  the  survey. 


March]  The  Secret  History  91 

Post,  &  expose  the  Men  to  be  ill  treated  that  I  left  behind.  Fire- 
brand had  a  Flirt  at  Robin  Hix,  which  discover'd  much  Nique 
and  no  Justice,  because  it  happen'd  to  be  for  a  thing  of  which 
he  was  wholly  Innocent. 


25.  The  Air  was  chill'd  with  a  N.  Wester  which  favour'd  our 
Dismalites  who  enter'd  the  Desert  very  early.  It  was  not  so  kind 
to  Meanwell  who  unreasonably  kick't  off  the  Bed  Clothes,  &  catch't 
An  Ague.  We  killed  the  Time,  by  that  great  help  to  disagreeable 
Society,  a  Pack  of  Cards.  Our  Landlord  had  not  the  good  Fortune 
to  please  Firebrand  with  our  Dinner,  but  surely  when  People  do 
their  best,  a  reasonable  Man  wou'd  be  satisfy'd.  But  he  en- 
deavour'd  to  mend  his  Entertainment  by  making  hot  Love  to  honest 
Ruth,  who  wou'd  by  no  means  be  charm'd  either  with  his  Perswa- 
sion,  or  his  Person.  While  the  Master  was  employ'd  in  making 
Love  to  one  Sister,  the  man  made  his  Passion  known  to  the  other, 
Only  he  was  more  boisterous,  &  employ'd  force,  when  he  cou'd 
not  succeed  by  fair  means.  Tho'  one  of  the  men  rescu'd  the  poor 
Girl  from  this  violent  Lover;  but  was  so  much  his  Friend  as  to 
keep  the  shamefuU  Secret  from  those,  whose  Duty  it  wou'd  have 
been  to  punish  such  Violations  of  Hospitality.  Nor  was  this  the 
only  one  this  disorderly  fellow  was  guilty  of,  for  he  broke  open 
a  House  where  our  Landlord  kept  the  Fodder  for  his  own  use, 
upon  the  belief  that  it  was  better  than  what  he  allow'd  us.  This 
was  in  compliment  to  his  Master's  Horses  I  hope,  &  not  in  blind 
obedience  to  any  order  he  receiv'd  from  him. 


92  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [March 

less  Labour  than  in  N  Carolina.  It  approaches  nearer  to  the  Description 
of  Lubberland  than  any  other,  by  the  great  felicity  of  the  Climate,  the 
easiness  of  raising  Provisions,  and  the  Slothfulness  of  the  People. 

Indian  Corn  is  of  so  great  increase,  that  a  little  Pains  will  Subsist  a 
very  large  Family  with  Bread,  and  then  they  may  have  meat  without  any 
pains  at  all,  by  the  Help  of  the  Low  Grounds,  and  the  great  Variety  of 
Mast  that  grows  on  the  High-land.  The  Men,  for  their  Parts,  just  like  the 
Indians,  impose  all  the  Work  upon  the  poor  Women.  They  make  their 
Wives  rise  out  of  their  Beds  early  in  the  Morning,  at  the  same  time 
that  they  lye  and  Snore,  till  the  Sun  has  run  one  third  of  his  course,  and 
disperst  all  the  unwholesome  Damps.  Then,  after  Stretching  and  Yawning 
for  half  an  Hour,  they  light  their  Pipes,  and,  under  the  Protection  of  a 
cloud  of  Smoak,  venture  out  into  the  open  Air;  tho',  if  it  happens  to  be 
never  so  little  cold,  they  quickly  return  Shivering  into  the  Chimney 
corner.  When  the  weather  is  mild,  they  stand  leaning  with  both  their 
arms  upon  the  corn-field  fence,  and  gravely  consider  whether  they  had  best 
go  and  take  a  Small  Heat  at  the  Hough:  but  generally  find  reasons  to  put 
it  off  till  another  time. 

Thus  they  loiter  away  their  Lives,  like  Solomon's  Sluggard,  with  their 
Arms  across,  and  at  the  Winding  up  of  the  Year  Scarcely  have  Bread  to 
Eat. 

To  speak  the  Truth,  tis  a  thorough  Aversion  to  Labor  that  makes  People 
file  off  to  N  Carolina,  where  Plenty  and  a  Warm  Sun  confirm  them  in  their 
Disposition  to  Laziness  for  their  whole  Lives. 

26.  Since  we  were  like  to  be  confin'd  to  this  place,  till  the  People 
returned  out  of  the  Dismal,  twas  agreed  that  our  Chaplain  might  Safely 
take  a  turn  to  Edenton,  to  preach  the  Gospel  to  the  Infidels  there,  and 
Christen  their  Children.  He  was  accompany'd  thither  by  Mr.  Little, 
One  of  the  Carolina  Commissioners,  who,  to  shew  his  regard  for  the 
Church,  offer'd  to  treat  Him  on  the  Road  w^ith  a  Fricassee  of  Rum. 
They  fry'd  half  a  Dozen  Rashers  of  very  fat  Bacon  in  a  Pint  of  Rum, 
both  which  being  disht  up  together,  serv'd  the  Company  at  once  for  meat 
and  Drink. 

Most  of  the  Rum  they  get  in  this  Country  comes  from  Ne^v  England, 
and  is  so  bad  and  unwholesome,  that  it  is  not  improperly  call'd  '"Kill- 
Devil."  It  is  distill'd  there  from  forreign  molosses,  which,  if  Skilfully 
manag'd  yields  near  Gallon  for  Gallon.  Their  molasses  comes  from  the 
same  country,  and  has  the  name  of  'Long  Sugar"  in  Carolina,  I  suppose 
from  the  Ropiness  of  it,  and  Serves  all  the  purposes  of  Sugar,  both  in  their 
Eating  and  Drinking. 

\^^ien  they  entertain  their  Friends  bountifully,  they  fail  not  to  set  be- 
fore them  a  Capacious  Bowl  of  Bombo,  so  call'd  from  the  Admiral  of  that 
name.  This  is  a  Compound  of  Rum  and  W^ater  in  Equal  Parts,  made 
palatable  with  the  said  long  Sugar,    As  good  Humour  begins  to  flow,  and 


March]  The  Secret  History  93 


26.  I  perswaded  Meanwell  to  take  a  Vomit  of  Ipocoacana  which 
workt  very  kindly;  I  took  all  the  care  of  him  I  cou'd,  tho'  Fire- 
brand was  so  unfriendly  as  not  to  step  once  up  Stairs  to  visit 
him.  I  also  gave  a  Vomit  to  a  poor  Shoemaker  that  belong'd 
to  my  Landlord,  by  which  he  reap't  great  benefit.  Puzzlecause 
made  a  Journey  to  Edenton,  &  took  our  Chaplain  with  him  to 
preach  the  Gospel  to  the  Infidels  of  that  Town,  &  to  baptize  some 
of  their  Children.  I  began  to  entertain  with  my  Chocolate,  which 
every  body  commended,  but  only  he  that  commends  nothing  that 
don't  belong  to  himself.  In  the  Evening  I  took  a  Solitary  walk, 
that  I  might  have  Leizure  to  think  on  my  absent  Friends,  which 
I  now  grew  impatient  to  see.  Orion  stuck  as  close  to  his  Patron 
Firebrand,  as  to  the  Itch  does  to  the  Fingers  of  many  of  his 
Country  Folks. 


94  History  of  the  Dividlng  Line  [March 

the  Bowl  to  Ebb,  they  take  care  to  replinish  it  with  Shear  Rum,  of  which 
there  always  is  a  Reserve  under  the  Table.  But  such  Generous  doings  hap- 
pen only  when  that  Balsam  of  life  is  plenty;  for  they  have  often  such 
Melancholy  times,  that  neither  Land-graves  nor  Cassicks  can  procure 
one  drop  for  their  Wives,  when  they  ly  in,  or  are  troubled  with  the  Colick 
or  Vapours.  Very  few  in  this  Country  have  the  Industry  to  plant  Orchards, 
which,  in  a  Dearth  of  Rum,  might  supply  them  with  much  better  Liquor. 
The  Truth  is,  there  is  one  Inconvenience  that  easily  discourages  lazy 
People  from  making  This  improvement:  very  often,  in  Autumn,  when  the 
Apples  begin  to  ripen,  they  are  visited  with  Numerous  Flights  of  para- 
queets,  that  bite  all  the  Fruit  to  Pieces  in  a  moment,  for  the  sake  of  the 
Kernels.  The  Havock  they  make  is  Sometimes  so  great,  that  whole 
Orchards  are  laid  waste  in  Spite  of  all  the  Noises  that  can  be  made,  or 
Mawkins  that  can  be  dresst  up,  to  fright  'em  away.  These  Ravenous 
Birds  visit  North  Carolina  only  during  the  warm  Season,  and  so  soon  as 
the  Cold  begins  to  come  on,  retire  back  towards  the  Sun.  They  rarely 
Venture  so  far  North  as  Virginia,  except  in  a  very  hot  Summer,  when  they 
visit  the  most  Southern  Parts  of  it.  They  are  very  Beautiful ;  but  like  some 
other  pretty  Creatures,  are  apt  to  be  loud  and  mischievous. 

27.  Betwixt  this  and  Edenton  there  are  many  thuckleberry  Slashes, 
which  afford  a  convenient  Harbour  for  Wolves  and  Foxes.  The  first  of 
these  wild  Beasts  is  not  so  large  and  fierce  as  they  are  in  other  countries 
more  Northerly.  He  will  not  attack  a  Man  in  the  keenest  of  his  Hunger, 
but  run  away  from  him,  as  from  an  Animal  more  mischievous  than 
himself. 

The  Foxes  are  much  bolder,  and  will  Sometimes  not  only  make  a  Stand, 
but  likewise  assault  any  one  that  would  balk  them  of  their  Prey.  The 
Inhabitants  hereabouts  take  the  trouble  to  dig  abundance  of  Wolf-Pits, 
so  deep  and  perpendicular,  that  when  a  Wolf  is  once  tempted  into  them, 
he  can  no  more  Scramble  out  again,  than  a  Husband  who  had  taken  the 
Leap  can  Scramble  out  of  Matrimony. 

Most  of  the  Houses  in  this  Part  of  the  Country  are  Log-houses,  covered 
with  Pine  or  Cypress  Shingles,  3  feet  long,  and  one  broad.  They  are 
hung  upon  Laths  with  Peggs,  and  their  doors  too  turn  upon  Wooden 
Hinges,  and  have  wooden  Locks  to  Secure  them,  so  that  the  Building  is 
finisht  without  Nails  or  other  Iron-Work.  They  also  set  up  their  Pales 
without  any  Nails  at  all,  and  indeed  more  Securely  than  those  that  are 
nail'd.  There  are  3  Rails  mortised  into  the  Posts,  the  lowest  of  which 
serves  as  a  Sill  with  a  Groove  in  the  Middle,  big  enough  to  receive  the 
End  of  the  Pales:  the  middle  Part  of  the  Pale  rests  against  the  Inside  of 
the  Next  Rail,  and  the  Top  of  it  is  brought  forward  to  the  outside  of 
the  uppermost.  Such  Wreathing  of  the  Pales  in  and  out  makes  them 
stand  firm,  and  much  harder  to  unfix  than  when  nail'd  in  the  Ordinary 
way. 


March]  The  Secret  History  95 


27.  Tho'  it  threaten'd  Rain  both  Yesterday  &  today,  yet  Heaven 
was  so  kind  to  our  Friends  in  the  Dismal  as  to  keep  it  from  falling. 
I  perswaded  Meanwell  to  take  the  Bark,  which  He  did  with  good 
Effect,  tho'  he  continued  very  faint  &  low-Spirited.  He  took  Fire- 
brand's Neglect  in  great  Dudgeon,  and  amidst  all  his  good  Nature 
cou'd  not  forbear  a  great  deal  of  Resentment;  but  I  won  his  Heart 
entirely  by  the  tender  Care  I  took  of  him  in  his  illness.  I  also 
gain'd  the  Men's  Affection  by  dressing  their  wounds,  &  giving  them 
little  Remedys  for  their  complaints.  Nor  was  I  less  in  my  Land- 
lords Books,  for  acting  the  Doctor  in  his  Family.  Tho'  I  observ'd 
some  Distempers  in  it,  that  were  past  my  Skill  to  cure.  For  his 
Wife  &  Heir  Apparent  were  so  enclin'd  to  a  cheerfull  Cup,  that 
our  Liquor  was  very  unsafe  in  their  keeping.  I  had  a  long  time 
observed  that  they  made  themselves  happy  every  day,  before  the 
Sun  had  run  one  third  of  his  course,  which  no  doubt  gave  some 
uneasiness  to  the  Old  Gentleman:  but  Custome  that  reconciles  most 
Evils,  made  him  bear  it  with  Christian  Patience. 

As  to  the  Young  Gentleman,  he  seem'd  to  be  as  worthless  as  any 
homebred  Squire  I  had  ever  met  with,  &  much  the  worse  for  hav- 
ing a  good  Opinion  of  himself.  His  good  Father  intended  him 
for  the  Mathematicks,  but  he  never  cou'd  rise  higher  in  that  Study 


96  History  of  the  Dividlng  Line  [March 

Within  3  or  4  Miles  of  Edenton,  the  Soil  appears  to  be  a  little  more 
fertile,  tho'  it  is  much  cut  with  Slashes,  which  seem  all  to  have  a  tendency 
towards  the  Dismal. 

This  Town  is  Situate  on  the  North  side  of  Albemarle  Sound,  which  is 
there  about  5  miles  over.  A  Dirty  Slash  runs  all  along  the  Back  of  it, 
which  in  the  Summer  is  a  foul  annoyance,  and  furnishes  abundance 
of  that  Carolina  plague,  musquetas.  They  may  be  40  or  50  Houses,  most 
of  them  Small,  and  built  without  Expense.  A  Citizen  here  is  counted 
Extravagant,  if  he  has  Ambition  enough  to  aspire  to  a  Brick-chimney. 
Justice  herself  is  but  indifferently  Lodged,  the  Court-House  having  much 
ttie  Air  of  a  Common  Tobacco-House.  I  believe  this  is  the  only  Metropolis 
in  the  Christian  or  Mahometan  World,  where  there  is  neither  Church, 
Chappel,  Mosque,  Synagogue,  or  any  other  Place  of  Publick  Worship  of 
any  Sect  or  Religion  whatsoever.^^ 

What  little  Devotion  there  may  happen  to  be  is  much  more  private  than 
their  vices.  The  People  seem  easy  without  a  Minister,  as  long  as  they  are 
exempted  from  paying  Him.  Sometimes  the  Society  for  propagating  the 
Gospel  has  had  the  Charity  to  send  over  Missionaries  to  this  Country; 
but  unfortunately  the  Priest  has  been  too  Lewd  for  the  people,  or,  which 
oftener  happens,  they  too  lewd  for  the  Priest.  For  these  Reasons  these 
Reverend  Gentlemen  have  always  left  their  Flocks  as  arrant  Heathen  as 
they  found  them.  Thus  much  however  may  be  said  for  the  Inhabitants 
of  Edenton,  that  not  a  Soul  has  the  least  taint  of  Hypocrisy,  or  Supersti- 
tion, acting  very  Frankly  and  above-board  in  all  their  Excesses. 

Provisions  here  are  extremely  cheap,  and  extremely  good,  so  that 
People  may  live  plentifully  at  triffleing  expense.  Nothing  is  dear  but 
Law,  Physick,  and  Strong  Drink,  which  are  all  bad  in  their  Kind,  and 
the  last  they  get  with  so  much  Difficulty,  that  they  are  never  guilty  of  the 
Sin  of  Suffering  it  to  Sour  upon  their  Hands.  Their  Vanity  generally  lies 
not  so  much  in  having  a  handsome  Dining-Room,  as  a  Handsome  House 
of  Office:  in  this  Kind  of  Structure  they  are  really  extravagant. 

They  are  rarely  guilty  of  Flattering  or  making  any  Court  to  their 
governors,  but  treat  them  with  all  the  Excesses  of  Freedom  and  Familiarity. 
They  are  of  Opinion  their  rulers  wou'd  be  apt  to  grow  insolent,  if  they 
grew  Rich,  and  for  that  reason  take  care  to  keep  them  poorer,  and  more 
dependent,  if  possible,  than  the  Saints  in  New  England  used  to  do  their 


"  Within  a  mile  of  the  courthouse  at  Edenton  was  a  chapel  of  the  Church  of 
England,  huilt  by  the  vestrymen  of  St.  Pauls  about  1703.  See  "The  First  Church 
Built    in    North    Carolina"     (North    Carolina    Hist,    and    Geneal.    Register,    Vol.    I, 

No.  2.) 


March]  The  Secret  History  97 

than  to  gage  a  Rum  Cask.  His  Sisters  are  very  sensible  Indus- 
trious Damsels,  who  tho'  they  see  Gentlemen  but  Seldom,  have  the 
Grace  to  resist  their  Importunitys,  &  tho'  they  are  innocently  free, 
will  indulge  them  in  no  dangerous  Libertys.  However  their  cau- 
tious Father  having  some  Notion  of  Female  Frailty,  from  what  he 
observed  in  their  Mother,  never  suffers  them  to  lie  out  of  his  own 
Chamber. 


98  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [March 

Governors.  They  have  very  little  coin,  so  they  are  forced  to  carry 
on  their  Home-Traffick  with  Paper-Money.  This  is  the  only  Cash  that  will 
tarry  in  the  Country,  and  for  that  reason  the  Discount  goes  on  increasing 
between  that  and  real  Money,  and  will  do  so  to  the  End  of  the  Chapter.^^ 

28.  Our  Time  passt  heavily  in  our  Quarters,  where  we  were  quite 
cloy'd  with  the  Carolina  Felicity  of  having  nothing  to  do.  It  was  really 
more  insupportable  than  the  greatest  Fatigue,  and  made  us  even  envy  the 
Drudgery  of  our  Friends  in  the  Dismal.  Besides,  tho'  the  Men  we  had 
with  us  were  kept  in  Exact  Discipline,  and  behav'd  without  Reproach, 
yet  our  Landlord  began  to  be  tired  of  them,  fearing  they  would  breed  a 
Famine  in  his  Family. 

Indeed,  so  many  keen  Stomachs  made  great  Havock  amongst  the  Beef 
and  Bacon,  which  he  had  laid  in  for  his  Summer  Provision,  nor  cou'd  he 
easily  purchase  More  at  that  time  of  the  Year,  with  the  Money  we  paid 
him,  because  the  People  having  no  certain  Market  seldom  provide  any 
more  of  these  Commodities  than  will  barely  supply  their  own  Occasions. 
Besides  the  Weather  was  now  grown  too  warm  to  lay  in  a  fresh  Stock 
so  late  in  the  Spring.  These  Considerations  abated  somewhat  of  that 
chearfulness  with  which  he  bidd  us  Welcome  in  the  Beginning,  and 
made  him  think  the  time  quite  as  long  as  we  did  till  the  Surveyors 
return'd. 

While  we  were  thus  all  hands  uneasy,  we  were  comforted  with  the 
News  that  this  Afternoon  the  Line  was  finisht  through  the  Dismal.  The 
Messenger  told  us  it  had  been  the  hard  work  of  three  days  to  measure  the 
Length  of  only  5  Miles,  and  mark  the  Trees  as  they  past  along,  and  by 
the  most  exact  Survey  they  found  the  Breadth  of  the  Dismal  in  this  Place 
to  be  completely  15  Miles. 

How  wide  it  may  be  in  other  Parts,  we  can  give  no  Account,  but  believe 
it  grows  narrower  towards  the  North;  possibly  towards  Albemarle  Sound 
it  may  be  something  broader,  where  so  many  Rivers  issue  out  of  it.  All 
we  know  for  certain  is,  that  from  the  Place  where  the  Line  enter'd  the 
Dismal,  to  where  it  came  out,  we  found  the  Road  round  that  Portion  of  it 
which  belongs  to  Virginia  to  be  about  65  Miles.  How  great  the  Distance 
may  be  from  Each  of  those  Points,  round  that  Part  falls  within  the  Bounds 
of  Carolina,  we  had  no  certain  Information:  tho'  tis  conjectur'd  it  cannot 
be  so  little  as  30  Miles.  At  which  rate  the  whole  Circuit  must  be  about 
an  Hundred.  What  a  Mass  of  Mud  and  Dirt  is  treasur'd  up  within  this 
filthy  circumference,  and  what  a  Quantity  of  Water  must  perpetually  drain 
into  it  from  the  riseing  ground  that  Surrounds  it  on  every  Side? 

Without  taking  the  Exact  level  of  the  Dismal,  we  may  be  sure  that  it 
declines  towards  the  Places  where  the  Several  Rivers  take  their  Rise, 
in  order  to  carrying  off  the  constant  Supplies  of  Water.     Were  it  not 


^  For  the  colonial  money  of  North  Carolina,  see  Bullock's  Essays  on  the  Monetary 
History  of  the  United  States,  Part  II    (New  York,   1900). 


March]  The  Secret  History  99 


28.  I  had  a  little  stifness  in  my  Throat,  I  fancy  by  lying  alone 
for  Meanwell  being  grown  restless,  in  his  Indisposition  chose  to 
be  by  Himself.  The  Time  past  heavily,  which  we  endeavour'd 
to  make  lighter  by  Cards  &  Books.  The  having  nothing  to  do  here 
was  mose  insupportable  than  the  greatest  Fatigue,  which  made  me 
envy  the  Drudging  of  those  in  the  Dismal.  In  the  Evening  we 
walk't  several  ways  just  as  we  drew  in  the  day,  but  made  a  Shift 
to  keep  within  the  Bounds  of  Decency  in  our  behaviour.  However 
I  observ'd  Firebrand  had  something  that  broil'd  upon  his  Stomach, 
which  tho'  he  seem'd  to  stiffle  in  the  Day,  yet  in  the  Night  it  burst 
out  in  his  Sleep  in  a  Volley  of  Oaths  &  Imprecations.  This  be- 
ing my  Birth  day,  I  adored  the  Gkiodness  of  Heaven,  for  having 
indulged  me  with  so  much  Health  &  very  uncommon  happiness,  in 
the  Course  of  54  Years  in  which  my  Sins  have  been  many,  &  my 
Sufferings  few,  my  Opportunitys  great,  but  my  Improvements 
small.  Firebrand  &  Meanwell  had  very  high  Words,  after  I  went 
to  Bed,  concerning  Astrolabe,  in  which  Conversation  Meanwell 
show'd  most  Spirit,  &  Firebrand  most  Arrogance  &  111  Nature. 


100  History  of  the  Dividlng  Line  [March 

for  such  Discharges,  the  whole  Swamp  would  long  Since  have  been  con- 
verted into  a  Lake.  On  the  other  Side  this  Declension  must  be  very  gentle, 
else  it  would  be  laid  perfectly  dry  by  so  many  continual  drains;  Whereas, 
on  the  contrary,  the  Ground  seems  every  where  to  be  thoroughly  drencht 
even  in  the  dryest  Season  of  the  Year. 

The  Surveyors  concluded  this  day's  Work  with  running  25  chains 
up  into  the  Firm  Land,  where  they  waited  further  Orders  from  the 
Commissioners. 

29.  This  day  the  Surveyors  proceeded  with  the  Line  no  more  than  1 
Mile  and  15  Chains,  being  Interrupted  by  a  Mill  Swamp,  thro'  which 
they  made  no  difficulty  of  wading,  in  order  to  make  their  work  more 
exact. 

Thus,  like  Norway-Mice,  these  worthy  Gentlemen  went  right  forward, 
without  Suffering  themselves  to  be  turned  out  of  the  way  by  any  Obstacle 
whatever. 

We  are  told  by  some  Travellers,  that  those  Mice  march  in  mighty 
Armies,  destroying  all  the  fruits  of  the  Earth  as  they  go  along.  But 
Something  Peculiar  to  those  obstinate  little  Animals  is,  that  nothing 
stops  them  in  their  career,  and  if  a  House  happened  to  stand  in  their  way, 
disdaining  to  go  an  Inch  about,  they  crawl  up  one  side  of  it,  and  down  the 
other :  or  if  they  meet  with  any  River,  or  other  Body  of  Water,  they  are  so 
determin'd,  that  they  swim  directly  over  it,  without  varying  one  Point 
from  their  course  for  the  Sake  of  any  Safety  or  Convenience. 

The  Surveyors  were  also  hinder'd  some  Time  by  Setting  up  Posts  in  the 
great  Road,  to  shew  the  Bounds  between  the  two  Colonies. 

Our  Chaplain  return'd  to  us  in  the  Evening  from  Edenton,  in  Company 
with  the  Carolina  Commissioners.  He  had  preacht  there  in  the  Court- 
House,  for  want  of  a  consecrated  Place,  and  made  no  less  than  19  of 
Father  Hennepin's  Christians. 

By  the  permission  of  the  Carolina  Commissioners,  Mr.  Swan  was  allow'd 
to  go  home,  as  soon  as  the  Survey  of  the  Dismal  was  finisht;  He  met 
with  this  Indulgence  for  a  Reason  that  might  very  well  have  excust  his 
coming  at  all;  Namely,  that  he  was  lately  marry'd.'*^ 

What  remain'd  of  the  Drudgery  for  this  Season  was  left  to  Mr.  Moseley, 
who  had  hitherto  acted  only  in  the  capacity  of  a  Commissioner.  They 
offer'd  to  employ  Mr.  Joseph  Mayo  as  their  Surveyor  in  Mr.  Swan's  stead, 
but  He  thought  it  not  proper  to  accept  of  it,  because  he  had  hitherto 
Acted  as  a  Volunteer  in  behalf  of  Virginia,  and  did  not  care  to  change 
Sides,  tho'  it  might  have  been  to  his  Advantage. 

30.  The  line  was  advanc'd  this  day  6  Miles  and  35  chains,  the  Woods, 
being  pretty  clear,  and  interrupted  with  no  Swamp,  or  other  wet  Groimd. 

*•  His  bride  was  Mildred  Lyon,  daughter  of  John  Lyon  of  the  Cape  Fear  region  of 
North  Carolina. 


March]  The  Secret  History  101 


29.  I  wrote  a  Letter  tx)  the  Governor  which  I  had  the  Complais- 
ance to  show  to  my  Collegues  to  prevent  Jealousies  &  Fears.  We 
receiv'd  Intelligence  that  our  Surveyors  &  people  finisht  their 
business  in  the  Dismal  last  Night,  &  found  it  no  more  than  5  Miles 
from  the  Place  where  they  left  off.  Above  a  Mile  before  they 
came  out,  they  waded  up  to  the  Knees  in  a  Pine  Swamp.  We  let 
them  rest  this  day  at  Peter  Brinkleys,  &  sent  orders  to  them  to  pro- 
ceed the  next  Morning.  Bootes  left  them  &  came  to  us  with  intent 
to  desert  us  quite,  &  leave  the  rest  of  the  Drudgery  to  Plausible, 
who  had  indulged  his  Old  Bones  hitherto.  Our  Parson  retum'd 
to  us  with  the  Carolina  Commissioners  from  Edenton,  where  he 
had  preach't  in  their  Court  house,  there  being  no  Place  of  Divine 
Worship  in  that  Metropolis.  He  had  also  Christen'd  19  of  their 
Children,  &  pillag'd  them  of  some  of  their  Cash,  if  Paper  Money 
may  be  allow'd  that  appellation. 


30.     This  Morning  all  the  ill-humour  that  Firebrand  had  so  long 
kept  broiling  upon  his  Stomach  broke  out.     First  he  insisted  that 


102  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [March 

The  Land  hereabout  had  all  the  Marks  of  Poverty,  being  for  the  most 
Part  Sandy  and  full  of  Pines.  This  kind  of  Ground,  tho'  unfit  for  Ordinary 
Tillage,  will  however  bring  Cotton  and  Potatoes  in  Plenty,  and  Conse- 
quently Food  and  Raiment  to  such  as  are  easily  contented,  and,  like  the 
Wild  Irish,  find  more  Pleasure  in  Laziness  than  Luxury. 

It  also  makes  a  Shift  to  produce  Indian-corn,  rather  by  the  Felicity 
of  the  climate  than  by  the  Fertility  of  the  Soil.  They  who  are  more  In- 
dustrious than  their  Neighbours  may  make  what  Quantity  of  tar  they 
please,  tho'  indeed  they  are  not  always  sure  of  a  Market  for  it. 

The  Method  of  burning  Tar  in  Sweden  and  Muscovy  Succeeds  not  well 
in  this  Warmer  Part  of  the  World.  It  seems  they  kill  the  Pine-Trees,  by 
barking  them  quite  round  at  a  certain  Height,  which  in  those  cold 
countreys  brings  down  the  Turpentine  into  the  Stump  in  a  Year's  time. 
But  experience  has  taught  us  that  in  warm  Climates  the  Turpentine  will 
no  so  easily  descend,  but  is  either  fixt  in  the  upper  parts  of  the  Tree,  or 
fryed  out  by  the  intense  Heat  of  the  Sun. 

Care  was  taken  to  Erect  a  Post  in  Every  Road  that  our  Line  ran  thro', 
with  Virginia  carv'd  on  the  North-Side  of  it,  and  Carolina  on  the  South, 
that  the  Bounds  might  every  where  appear.  In  the  Evening  the  Surveyors 
took  up  their  Quarters  at  the  House  of  one  Mr.  Parker,  who,  by  the  Ad- 
vantage of  a  better  Spot  of  Land  than  Ordinary,  and  a  more  industrious 
Wife,  lives  comfortably,  and  has  a  very  neat  plantation. 


31.  It  rain'd  a  little  this  Morning,  but  this,  happening  again  upon  a 
Sunday,  did  not  interrupt  our  Business.  However  the  Surveyors  made  no 
Scruple  of  protracting  and  platting  off  their  work  upon  that  good  day, 
because  it  was  rather  an  Amusement  than  a  Drudgery. 

Here  the  Men  feasted  on  the  fat  of  the  Land,  and  believing  the  dirtiest 
part  of  their  work  was  over,  had  a  more  than  Ordinary  Gaiety  of  Heart. 
We  christen'd  two  of  our  Landlord's  children,  which  might  have  remained 
Infidels  all  their  lives,  had  not  we  carry'd  Christianity  home  to  his  own 
Door. 

The  Truth  of  it  is,  our  Neighbours  of  North  Carolina  are  not  so  zealous 
as  to  go  much  out  of  their  way  to  procure  this  benefit  for  their  children: 
Otherwise,  being  so  near  Virginia,  they  might,  without  exceeding  much 
Trouble,  make  a  Journey  to  the  next  Clergyman,  upon  so  good  an  Errand. 

And  indeed  should  the  Neighbouring  Ministers,  once  in  two  or  three 
years,  vouchsafe  to  take  a  turn  among  these  Gentiles,  to  baptize  them  and 
their  children,  twould  look  a  little  Apostolical,  and  they  might  hope  to  be 
requited  for  it  hereafter,  if  that  be  not  thought  too  long  to  tarry  for  their 
Reward. 


March]  The  Secret  History  103 

Young  Astrolabe  might  go  no  longer  with  the  Surveyors  to  be  a 
Spy  upon  Orion.  I  told  him  that  Voluntiers  were  always  employ'd 
upon  the  Side,  that  he  was  very  useful  in  assisting  Orion,  and  had 
reason  to  be  satisfyd  with  having  his  defects  so  well  Supply'd. 
Then  he  complain'd  of  the  Rudeness  of  Robin  Hix  to  Orion,  & 
proposed  he  might  be  punisht  for  it.  To  this  I  answer'd  that  if 
Orion  had  any  Accusation  to  make  against  Robin  Hix,  it  had  been 
fair  to  make  it  Openly  before  all  the  Commissioners,  that  the 
Person  accused  might  have  an  Opportunity  to  make  his  Defence, 
&  ought  not  to  whisper  his  complaints  in  private  to  one  Gentleman, 
because  it  look't  like  suspecting  the  Justice  of  the  rest.  That  Word 
whispering  touch't  him  home,  &  make  him  raise  his  voice,  &  roll 
his  Eyes  with  great  Fury,  &  I  was  weak  enough  to  be  as  loud  & 
Cholerick  as  he.  However  it  was  necessary  to  shew  that  I  was 
not  to  be  dismay'd  either  with  his  big  looks  or  his  big  Words,  and 
in  Truth  when  he  found  this,  he  cool'd  as  suddenly  as  he  fired. 
Meanwell  chimed  in  with  my  Sentiments  in  both  these  Points, 
so  that  we  carry'd  them  by  a  fair  Majority.  However  to  shew  my 
good  Humor,  &  love  of  Peace  I  desired  Young  Astrolabe  to  concern 
himself  no  more  with  the  Surveying  part,  because  it  gave  uneasi- 
ness, but  only  to  assist  his  Brother  in  protracting,  &  plotting  of 
the  work.  After  this  Storm  was  over  Firebrand  went  with  Shoe- 
brush  to  M''  Oshields  for  some  Days,  and  his  going  off  was  not 
less  pleasing  to  us  than  the  going  off  of  a  Fever. 

31.  This  was  Sunday,  but  the  People's  Zeal  was  not  warm  enough 
to  bring  them  thro'  the  Rain  to  Church,  especially  now  their 
Curiosity  was  satisfy'd.  However  we  had  a  Sermon  &  some  of 
the  nearest  Neighbours  came  to  hear  it.  Astrolabe  sent  word  that 
he  had  carry'd  the  Line  7  miles  yesterday  but  was  forced  to  wade 
up  to  the  Middle  thro'  a  Mill  Swamp.  Robins  sent  his  mate  hither 
to  treat  with  my  Landlord  about  shipping  his  Tobacco;  they  role 
it  in  the  Night  to  Nansimond  River,  in  Defiance  of  the  Law  against 
bringing  of  Tobacco  out  of  Carolina  into  Virginia:  but  t'were  un- 
reasonable to  expect  that  they  shou'd  obey  the  Laws  of  their 
Neighbours,  who  pay  no  regard  to  their  own.  Only  the  Masters 
of  Ships  that  load  in  Virginia  shou'd  be  under  some  Oath,  or 


104  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [April 


April  1.  The  Surveyors  getting  now  upon  better  Ground,  quite  dis- 
engag'd  from  Underwoods,  pusht  on  the  Line  almost  12  Miles.  They 
left  Sommerton  Chappel  near  two  Miles  to  the  Northward,  so  that  there 
was  now  no  Place  of  Publick  Worship  left  in  the  whole  Province  of 
North   Carolina. 

The  high  Land  of  North  Carolina  was  barren,  and  cover'd  with  a  deep 
Sand;  and  the  Low  Grounds  were  wet  and  boggy,  insomuch  that  several 
of  our  Horses  were  mir'd,  and  gave  us  frequent  Opportunitys  to  shew  our 
Horsemanship. 

The  Line  cut  William  Spight's  Plantation  in  two,  leaving  little  more 
than  his  dwelling  House  and  Orchard  in  Virgina.  Sundry  other  Planta- 
tions were  Split  in  the  same  unlucky  Manner,  which  made  the  Owners 
accountable  to  both  Governments.  Wherever  we  passed  we  constantly 
found  the  Borderers  laid  it  to  Heart  if  their  Land  was  taken  into  Virginia: 
They  chose  much  rather  to  belong  to  Carolina,  where  they  pay  no  Tribute, 
either  to  God  or  to  Caesar. 

Another  reason  was,  that  the  Government  there  is  so  Loose,  and  the 
Laws  so  feebly  executed,  that,  like  those  in  the  Neighbourhood  of  Sydon 
formerly,  every  one  does  just  what  seems  good  in  his  own  Eyes.  H  the 
Governor's  hands  have  been  weak  in  that  Province,  under  the  Authority 
of  the  Lord  Proprietors,  much  weaker  then  were  the  hands  of  the  Magis- 
trate, who,  tho'  he  might  have  had  Virtue  enough  to  endeavour  to  punish 
Offendors,  which  very  rarely  happen'd,  yet  that  vertue  had  been  quite 
Impotent,  for  want  of  Ability  to  put  it  in  execution. 

Besides,  their  might  have  been  some  Danger,  perhaps,  in  venturing 
to  be  so  rigorous,  for  fear  of  undergoing  the  Fate  of  an  honest  Justice 
in  Corotuck  Precinct.  This  bold  Magistrate,  it  seems,  taking  upon  him  to 
order  a  fellow  to  the  Stocks,  for  being  disorderly  in  his  Drink,  was,  for 
his  intemperate  Zeal,  carry'd  thither  himself,  and  narrowly  escap'd  being 
whippt  by  the  Rabble  into  the  Bargain. 

This  easy  day's  work  carried  the  Line  to  the  Banks  of  Somerton-Creek, 
that  runs  out  of  Chowan  River,  a  little  below  the  Mouth  of  Nottoway. 

2.  In  less  than  a  Mile  from  Somerton  creek  the  Line  was  carry'd  to 
Black-water,  which  is  the  Name  of  the  upper  Part  of  Chowan,  running  some 
Miles  above  the  Mouth  of  Nottoway.  It  must  be  observ'd  that  Chowan, 
after  taking  a  compass  round  the  most  beautiful  part  of  North  Carolina, 
empties  itself  into  Albemarle  Sound,  a  few  Miles  above  Edenton.  The 
Tide  flows  7  or  8  miles  higher  than  where  the  River  changes  its  Name,  and 
is  Navigable  thus  high  for  any  small  vessel.     Our  Line  intersected  it 


April]  The  Secret  History  105 

regulation  about  it.  Sunday  seem'd  a  day  of  rest  indeed,  in  the 
absence  of  our  Turbulent  Companion  who  makes  every  day  uneasy 
to  those  who  have  the  pain  of  his  conversation. 

April 

1.  We  prepar'd  for  a  March  very  early,  &  then  I  discharg'd  a 
long  Score  with  my  Landlord,  &  a  Short  one  with  his  Daughter 
Rachel  for  some  Smiles  that  were  to  be  paid  for  in  Kisses.  We 
took  leave  in  form  of  the  whole  Family,  &  in  8  Miles  reach't 
Richard  Parkers,^^  where  we  found  Young  Astrolabe  &  some  of 
our  Men.  Here  we  refresh't  ourselves  with  what  a  Neat  Landlady 
cou'd  provide,  &  Christen'd  2  of  her  Children,  but  did  not  dis- 
charge our  reckoning  that  way.  Then  we  proceeded  by  Somerton 
Chappel  (which  was  left  2  Miles  in  Virginia)  as  far  as  the  Planta- 
tion of  William  Speight,  that  was  cut  in  Two  by  the  Line,  taking 
his  Tobacco  House  into  Carolina.  Here  we  took  up  our  Quarters 
&  fared  the  better  for  a  Side  of  fat  Mutton  sent  us  by  Captain 
Baker.  Our  Lodging  was  exceedingly  Airy,  the  Wind  having  a 
free  circulation  quite  thro'  our  Bed-Chamber,  yet  we  were  so  hardy 
as  to  take  no  Cold,  tho'  the  Frost  was  Sharp  enough  to  endanger 
the  Fruit.  Meanwell  entertain'd  the  Carolina  Commissioners  with 
several  Romantick  Passages  of  his  Life,  with  Relation  to  his 
Amours,  which  is  a  Subject  he  is  as  fond  of,  as  a  Hero  to  talk 
of  Battles  he  never  fought. 


2.  This  Morning  early  Cap*  Baker  came  to  make  us  a  Visit, 
&  explain'd  to  us  the  Reason  of  the  present  of  Mutton 
which  he  sent  us  Yesterday.  It  seems  the  Plantation  where  he 
lives  is  taken  into  Virginia  which  without  good  Friends  might 


^  Son  of  that  Richard  Parker  who  came  to  Virginia  about  1650  and  patented  lands 
in  the  Nansemond  River.     {Virginia  Mag.  of  Hist,  and  Biog.,  XIX,  p.  191.) 


106  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [April 

exactly  half  a  Mile  to  the  northward  of  the  mouth  of  Nottoway.  How- 
ever, in  Obedience  to  his  Majesty's  Command,  we  directed  the  Surveyors 
to  come  do^\Ti  the  River  as  far  as  the  Mouth  of  Nottoway,  in  order  to 
continue  our  true  West  Line  from  thence. 

Thus  we  found  the  Mouth  of  Nottoway  to  lye  no  more  than  half  a 
Minute  farther  to  the  Northward  than  Mr.  Lawson^^  had  formerly  done. 
That  Gentleman's  Observation,  it  seems,  placed  it  in  36°  30',  and  our 
Working  made  it  out  to  be  36°  301'2 — ^  very  inconsiderable  Variance. 

The  Surveyors  crost  the  River  over  against  the  Middle  of  the  Mouth  of 
Nottoway,  where  it  was  about  80  yards  wide.  From  thence  they  ran 
the  Line  about  half  a  Mile  through  a  dirty  Pocoson,  as  far  as  an  Indian 
Field.  Here  we  took  up  our  Lodging  in  a  moist  Situation,  having  the 
Pocoson  above  mention'd  on  one  Side  of  us,  and  a  Swamp  on  the  other. 

In  this  Camp  3  of  the  Meherin  Indians  made  us  a  Visit.  They  told 
us  that  the  Small  Remains  of  their  Nation  had  deserted  their  Ancient 
Town,  situated  near  the  Mouth  of  Meherin  River,  for  fear  of  the  Cataubas, 
who  had  kill'd  14  of  their  People  the  Year  before;  and  the  few  that 
Survived  that  Calamity,  had  taken  refuge  amongst  the  English,  on  the 
East  side  of  Chowan.  Tho',  if  the  complaint  of  these  Indians  were  true, 
they  are  hardly  used  by  our  Carolina  Friends.  But  they  are  the  less  to  be 
pitied,  because  they  have  ever  been  reputed  the  most  false  and  treacherous 
to  the  English  of  all  the  Indians  in  the  Neighbourhood. 

Not  far  from  the  Place  where  we  lay,  I  observ'd  a  large  Oak  which 
had  been  blown  up  by  the  Roots,  the  Body  of  which  was  Shiver'd  into 
perfect  Strings,  and  was,  in  truth,  the  most  Violent  Effects  of  Lightning 
I  evt'.T  saw. 

But  the  most  curious  Instance  of  that  dreadful  meteor  happen'd  at  York, 
where  a  man  was  kill'd  near  a  Pine  Tree  in  which  the  Lightening  made  a 
Hole  before  it  Struck  the  Man,  and  left  an  exact  Figure  of  the  Tree  upon 
his  Breast,  with  all  its  Branches,  to  the  wonder  of  all  that  beheld  it,  in 
which  I  shall  be  more  particular  hereafter. 

We  made  another  tryal  of  the  Variation  in  this  place,  and  found  it 
some  Minutes  less  than  we  had  done  at  Coratuck-Inlet,  but  so  small  a 
Difference  might  easily  happen  thro'  some  defect  in  one  or  other  of  the 
Observations,  and,  therefore,  we  alter'd  not  our  compass  for  the  Matter. 


3.  By  the  advantage  of  clear  woods,  the  Line  was  extended  12  miles 
and  three  Quarters,  as  far  as  the  Banks  of  Meherin.  Tho'  the  Mouth 
of  this  River  lye  15  miles  below  the  Mouth  of  Nottaway,  yet  it  winds  so 
much  to  the  Northward,  that  we  came  upon  it,  after  running  this  Small 


^'John   Lawson,   first   historian   of   North   Carolina,   and   Surveyor   General   of   the 
Province,  a  member  of  the  boundary  commission  of  1710. 


April]  The  Secret  History  107 

prejudice  him  in  his  Surveyor's  Place  of  Nansimond  County.  But 
we  promised  to  employ  our  Interest  in  his  Favour.  We  made  the 
best  of  our  way  to  Chowan  River,  crossing  the  Line  several  times. 
About  a  Mile  before  we  came  to  that  River,  we  crost  Somerton 
Creek.  We  found  our  Surveyors  at^  little  Cottage  on  the  Banks 
of  Chowan  over  against  the  Mouth  of  Nottoway  River.  They  told 
us  that  our  Line  cut  Black- Water  River,  about  half  a  Mile  to  the 
Northward  of  that  Place  but  in  Obedience  to  his  Majesty's  Order 
in  that  Case,  we  directed  them  to  continue  the  Line  from  the 
Middle  of  the  Mouth  of  Nottoway  River.  According  the  Surveyors 
post  Cowan  there,  &  carry 'd  the  Line  over  a  miry  Swamp  more 
than  half  a  mile  thro',  as  far  as  an  Indian  Old-Field. 

In  the  meantime  our  Horses  &  Baggage  were  ferry'd  over  the 
River,  a  little  lower,  to  the  same  Field,  where  we  pitch't  our  Tent, 
promising  ourselves  a  comfortable  Repose:  but  our  Evil  Genius 
came  at  Night  &  interrupted  all  our  Joys.  Firebrand  arriv'd 
with  his  most  humble  Servant  Shoebrush,  tho'  to  make  them  less 
unwelcome,  they  brought  a  present  from  M'^  Oshields,  of  12  Bottles 
of  Wine,  &  as  many  of  Strong  Beer.  But  to  say  the  Truth  we  had 
rather  have  drunk  Water  the  whole  Journey  to  have  been  fairly 
quit  of  such  disagreeable  Company. 

Our  Surveyor  found  by  an  Observation  made  this  Night,  that  the 
Variation  was  no  more  than  2°. 30"  Westerly,  according  to  which 
we  determined  to  proceed  in  the  rest  of  our  Work  towards  the 
Mountains.  Three  of  the  Meherin  Indians  came  hither  to  see  us 
from  the  Place  where  they  now  live  about  7  Miles  down  the  River, 
they  being  lately  removed  from  the  Mouth  of  Meherin.  They  were 
frighten'd  away  from  thence  by  the  late  Massacre  committed  upon 
14  of  their  Nation  by  the  Catawbas.  They  are  now  reduced  to 
a  small  Number  and  are  the  less  to  be  pity'd  because  they  have 
always  been  suspected  to  be  very  dishonest  &  treacherous  to  the 
English. 

3.  We  sent  away  the  Surveyors  about  9  a  Clock  &  foUow'd  them 
at  ten.  By  the  way  Firebrand  &  Shoebrush  having  spy'd  a  House 
that  promised  good  Chear  filed  off  to  it,  &  took  it  in  Dudgeon  that 
we  wou'd  not  follow  their  Vagarys.  We  thought  it  our  Duty  to 
attend  the  Business  in  hand,  &  follow  the  Surveyors.  These  we 
overtook  about  Noon,  after  passing  several  Miry  Branches,  where 


108  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [April 

Distance.  During  the  first  7  Miles,  we  observed  the  Soil  to  be  poor  and 
Sandy;  but  as  we  approacht  Meherin  it  grew  better,  tho'  there  it  was  cut 
to  pieces  by  Sundry  Miry  Branches,  which  discharge  themselves  into  that 
River,  Several  of  our  Horses  plunged  up  to  the  Saddle-Skirts,  and  were 
not  disengaged  without  Difficulty. 

The  latter  Part  of  our  Day's  work  was  pretty  laborious,  because  of  the 
unevenness  of  the  way,  and  becauss  the  low  Ground  of  the  River  was  full 
of  Cypress-Snags,  as  Sharp  and  Dangerous  to  our  Horses  as  so  many 
chevaux-de-frize.  We  found  the  whole  distance  from  the  Mouth  of 
Nottaway  to  Meherin  River,  where  our  Line  intersected  it,  thirteen  Miles 
and  a  Quarter. 

It  was  hardly  possible  to  find  a  level  large  enough  on  the  Banks  of  the 
River  whereupon  to  pitch  our  Tent.  But  tho'  the  Situation  was,  on  that 
Account,  not  very  convenient  for  us,  yet  it  was  for  our  poor  Horses,  by 
reason  of  the  Plenty  of  Small  Reeds  on  which  they  fed  voraciously. 

These  Reeds  are  green  here  all  the  Year  round,  and  will  keep  cattle 
in  tolerable  good  Plight  during  the  Winter.  But  whenever  the  Hogs  come 
where  they  are,  they  destroy  them  in  a  Short  time,  by  ploughing  up  their 
Roots,  of  which,  unluckily,  they  are  very  fond. 

The  River  was  in  this  place  about  as  wide  as  the  River  Jordan,  that  is, 
40  Yards,  and  wou'd  be  Navigable  very  high  for  flat  Bottom-Boats  and 
Canoes,  if  it  were  not  so  choakt  up  with  large  Trees,  brought  down  by 
every  Fresh.  Tho'  the  Banks  were  full  20  feet  high  from  the  Surface  of 
the  Water,  yet  we  saw  certain  Marks  of  their  having  been  Overflow'd. 

These  Narrow  Rivers  that  run  high  up  into  the  Country  are  Subject  to 
frequent  Inundations,  when  the  Waters  are  roU'd  down  with  such  Violence 
as  to  carry  all  before  them.  The  Logs  that  are  then  floated  are  very  fatal 
to  the  bridges  built  over  these  rivers.  Which  can  hardly  be  contriv'd 
Strong  enough  to  stand  against  so  much  Weight  and  Violence  join'd 
together. 

The  Isle  of  Wight  County  begins  about  3  Miles  to  the  East  of  Meherin 
River,  being  divided  from  that  of  Nansimond  only  by  a  Line  of  Markt 
trees. 

4.  The  River  was  here  hardly  fordable,  tho'  the  Season  had  been  very 
dry.  The  Banks  too  were  so  Steep  that  our  Horses  were  forced  to  climb 
like  Mules  to  get  up  them.  Nevertheless  we  had  the  Luck  to  recover  the 
Opposite  Shore  without  Damage. 

We  halted  for  half  an  hour  at  Charles  Anderson's,  who  lives  on  the 
Western  Banks  of  the  River,  in  order  to  christen  one  of  his  children.  In 
the  mean  time,  the  Surveyors  extended  the  Line  2  Miles  and  39  chains,  in 
which  small  Distance  Meherin  River  was  so  serpentine,  that  they  crost 
it  3  times. 


April]  The  Secret  History  109 

I  had  like  to  have  Stuck  fast.  However  this  only  gave  me  an  Op- 
portunity to  shew  my  Horsemanship,  as  the  fair  spoken  Plausible 
told  me.  After  passing  several  Dirty  Places  &  uneven  Grounds, 
we  arriv'd  about  Sun  Set  on  the  Banks  of  Meherin,  which  we  found 
13^  Miles  from  the  mouth  of  Notoway  River.  The  County  of 
Isle  of  Wight  begins  about  3  miles  to  the  East  of  this  River,  parted 
from  Nansimond  by  a  dividing  Line  only.  We  pitch't  our  Tent, 
&  flatter'd  ourselves  we  shou'd  be  secure  from  the  disturber  of 
our  Peace  one  Night  more,  but  we  were  mistaken  for  the  Strag- 
glers came  to  us  after  it  was  dark  with  some  Danger  to  their 
Necks,  because  the  Low  Grounds  near  the  River  were  full  of 
Cypress  Snaggs  as  dangerous  as  so  many  Cheveaua  de  Frise.  But 
this  deliverance  from  Danger  was  not  enough  to  make  Firebrand 
good  Humour'd,  because  we  had  not  been  so  kind  as  to  rejoice  at  it. 


4.  Here  we  call'd  a  Council  of  War,  whether  we  shou'd  proceed 
any  farther  this  season,  and  we  carry'd  it  by  a  Majority  of  votes 
to  run  the  Line  only  about  2  Miles  beyond  this  place.  Firebrand 
voted  for  going  on  a  little  longer,  tho'  he  was  glad  it  was  carry'd 
against  him.  However  he  thought  it  gave  him  an  Air  of  Industry 
to  vote  against  leaving  off  so  soon,  but  the  Snakes  began  to  be 
in  great  Vigour  which  was  an  unanswerable  Argument  for  it. 

The  River  was  hardly  fordable  &  the  Banks  very  Steep,  which 
made  it  difficult  for  our  Baggage  Horses  to  pass  over  it.     But 


110  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [April 

Then  we  went  on  to  Mr.  Kinchin's/^  a  Man  of  Figure  and  Authority 
in  N  Carolina,  who  lives  about  a  Mile  to  the  Southward  of  the  Place  where 
the  Surveyors  left  off.  By  the  Benefit  of  a  little  pains,  and  good  Manage- 
ment, this  worthy  Magistrate  lives  in  much  Affluence. 

Amongst  other  Instances  of  his  Industry,  he  had  planted  a  good  Orchard, 
which  is  not  common  in  that  Indolent  climate;  nor  is  it  at  all  Strange, 
that  such  improvident  People,  who  take  no  thought  for  the  Morrow,  shou'd 
save  themselves  the  Trouble  to  make  Improvements  that  will  not  pay  them 
for  several  Years  to  come.  Tho'  if  they  cou'd  trust  futurity  for  any  thing, 
they  certainly  wou'd  for  Cyder,  which  they  are  so  fond  of,  that  they 
generally  drink  it  before  it  is  done  working,  lest  the  Fermentation  might 
unluckily  turn  it  Sowr. 

It  is  an  Observation,  which  rarely  fails  of  being  true,  both  in  Virginia 
and  Carolina,  that  those  who  take  care  to  plant  good  Orchards  are,  in 
their  General  characters.  Industrious  People.  This  held  good  in  our 
LANDLORD,  who  had  many  Houses  built  on  this  Plantation,  and  every 
One  kept  in  decent  Repair.  His  Wife,  too,  was  tidy,  his  Furniture  clean, 
his  Pewter  bright,  and  nothing  seem'd  to  be  wanting  to  make  his  Home 
comfortable. 

Mr.  Kinchin  made  us  the  Compliment  of  his  House,  but  because  we 
were  willing  to  be  as  little  troublesome  as  possible,  we  order'd  the  Tent 
to  be  pitch'd  in  his  Orchard,  where  the  Blossoms  of  the  Apple  Trees 
contributed  not  a  little  to  the  sweetness  of  our  Lodging. 

Because  the  Spring  was  not  pretty  forward,  and  the  Rattle-Snakes  began 
to  crawl  out  of  their  Winter-Quarters,  and  might  grow  dangerous,  both  to 
the  Men  and  their  Horses,  it  was  determin'd  to  proceed  no  farther  with  the 
Line  till  the  Fall.  Besides,  the  Uncommon  Fatigue  the  People  had  under- 
gone for  near  6  Weeks  together,  and  the  Inclination  they  all  had  to  visit 
their  Respective  Familys,  made  a  Recess  highly  reasonable. 

The  Surveyors  were  employ'd  great  part  of  the  Day,  in  forming  a 
Correct  and  Elegant  Map  of  the  Line,  from  Corotuck-Inlet  to  the  Place 
where  they  left  off.  On  casting  up  the  account  in  the  most  accurate 
manner,  they  found  the  whole  distance  we  had  run  to  amount  to  73 
Miles  and  13  chains.  Of  the  Map  they  made  two  fair  copies,  which 
agreeing  exactly,  were  subscrib'd  by  the  Commissioners  of  both  colonies, 
and  one  of  them  was  delivered  to  those  on  the  Part  of  Virginia,  and  the 
other  to  those  on  the  Part  of  North  Carolina. 


^See  Secret  History,  Note  44. 


April]  The  Secret  History  111 

thank  God  we  got  all  well  on  the  other  Side  without  any  Damage. 
We  went  to  a  House  just  by  the  River-Side,  belonging  to  a  Man, 
who  learnedly  call'd  himself  Carolus  Anderson,  where  we  chris- 
ten'd  his  child.  Then  ^e  proceeded  to  M""  Kinchin's  a  Man  of 
Figure  in  these  parts,  &  his  Wife  a  much  better  Figure  than  he.^* 
They  both  did  their  utmost  to  entertain  us  &  our  People  in  the  best 
Manner.  We  pitch't  our  Tent  in  the  Orchard,  where  the  Blos- 
soms of  the  Apple  Trees  mended  the  Air  very  much.  There  Mean- 
well  &  I  lay;  but  Firebrand  &  his  Flatterers  stuck  close  to  the 
House.  The  Surveyors  crost  this  River  3  times  with  the  Line  in 
the  Distance  of  2V-z  Miles,  &  left  off  about  half  a  Mile  to  the 
Northward  of  this  Place. 


5.  Our  Surveyors  made  an  Elegant  Plat  of  our  Line,  from  Cora- 
tuck  Inlet  to  the  Place  where  they  left  off,  containing  the  Distance 
of  73  Miles  &  13  Polls.  Of  this  exact  Copys  were  made,  &  being 
carefully  examin'd  were  both  Sign'd  by  the  Commissioners  of 
each  Colony.  This  Plat  was  chiefly  made  by  Astrolabe,  but  one 
of  the  Copys  was  taken  by  Plausible;  but  Orion  was  content  with 
a  Copy  which  the  Parson  took  for  him.  However  he  deliver'd  me 
the  minutes  which  he  had  kept  of  our  Proceedings  by  Order  of 
the  Commissioners.  The  poor  Chaplain  was  the  common  Butt  at 
which  all  our  Company  aim'd  their  profane  Wit,  &  gave  him  the 
Title  of  Dear  Pipp,  because  instead  of  a  Prick't  Line,  he  had  been 
so  maidenly  as  to  call  it  a  Pipp't  Line.     I  left  the  Company  in 

*^  Doubtless  William  Kinchen  of  Bertie  County,  North  Carolina. 


112  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [April 


6.  Thus  we  finish'd  our  Spring  Campaign,  and  having  taken  leave  of 
our  Carolina-Friends,  and  agreed  to  meet  them  again  the  Tenth  of  Septem- 
ber following,  at  the  same  Mr.  Kinchin's,  in  order  to  continue  the  Line, 
we  crost  Meherin  River  near  a  Quarter  of  a  Mile  from  the  House.  About 
ten  Miles  ftora  that  we  halted  at  Mr.  Kindred's  Plantation,  where  we 
Christen'd  two  Children. 

It  happen'd  that  some  of  Isle  of  Wight  militia  Were  exercising  in  the 
Adjoining  Pasture,  and  there  were  Females  enough  attending  that  Martial 
Appearance  to  form  a  more  invincible  corps. 

Ten  miles  farther  we  passed  Nottoway  River  at  Bolton's  Ferry,  and  took 
up  our  Lodgings  about  three  Miles  from  thence,  at  the  House  of  Richard 
Parker,  an  honest  Planter,  whose  Labours  were  rewarded  with  Plenty, 
which,  in  this  country  is  the  Constant  Portion  of  the  Industrious. 


7.  The  Next  day  being  Sunday,  we  order'd  Notice  to  be  sent  to  all 
the  Neighbourhood  that  there  wou'd  be  a  Sermon  at  this  Place,  and  an 
Opportunity  of  Christening  their  Children.  But  the  Likelihood  of  Rain 
got  the  better  of  their  Devotion,  and  what  perhaps.  Might  Still  be  a 
Stronger  motive  of  their  Curiosity.  In  the  Morning  we  despacht  a  run- 
ner to  the  Nottoway  Town,^^  to  let  the  Indians  know  we  intend  them  a 
Visit  that  Evening,  and  our  honest  Landlord  was  so  kind  as  to  be  our 
Pilot  thither,  being  about  4  Miles  from  his  House. 

Accordingly  in  the  Afternoon  we  marcht  in  good  Order  to  the  Town, 
where  the  Female  Scouts,  station'd  on  an  Eminence  for  that  purpose, 
had  no  sooner  spy'd  us,  but  they  gave  Notitce  of  our  Approach  to  their 
Fellow-Citizens  by  continual  Whoops  and  Cries,  which  cou'd  not 
possibly  have  been  more  dismal  at  the  Sight  of  their  most  implacable 
Enemys. 

This   Signal   Assembled   all   their   Great   Men,   who   receiv'd   us   in   a 


**The  Nottoway  Indians  belonged  to  the  Iroquois  family  and  were  closely  kin  to 
the  Tuscaroras.  As  late  as  1825  a  group  of  forty-seven  were  living  in  a  village  in 
Southampton  County,  Virginia. 


April]  The  Secret  History  113 

good  time,  taking  as  little  pleasure  in  their  low  Wit,  as  in  their 
low  liquor  which  was  Rum  Punch.  Here  we  discharg'd  6  of  the 
Men,  that  were  near  their  own  Habitations. 

6.  We  paid  our  Scores,  settled  our  Accounts,  &  took  leave  of  our 
Carolina  Friends.  Firebrand  went  about  6  Miles  with  us  as  far 
as  one  Corkers,  where  we  had  the  grief  to  part  with  that  sweet 
temper'd  Gentleman,  &  the  Burr  that  stuck  with  him  Orion.  In 
about  ten  Miles  we  reach't  a  Musterfield  near  M''  Kindred's  House, 
where  Cap*  Gerald  was  exercising  his  Company.  There  were 
Girls  enough  come  to  see  this  Martial  Appearance  to  form  another 
Company,  &  Beauty's  enough  among  them  to  make  Officers  of. 
Here  we  call'd  &  Christen'd  2  Children,  and  offered  to  marry  as 
many  of  the  Wenches  as  had  got  Sweethearts,  but  they  were  not 
ripe  for  Execution.  Then  we  proceeded  ten  Miles  farther  to  Bol- 
ton's Ferry,  where  we  past  Nottoway  River  at  M"^  Symonds's 
Quarter.  From  hence  we  intended  to  proceed  to  Nottaway  Town 
to  satisfy  the  Curiosity  of  some  of  our  Company,  but  loseing  our 
Way  we  wander'd  to  Richard  Parkers  Plantation,  where  we  had 
formerly  met  with  very  kind  Entertainment.  Our  Eyes  were  en- 
tertain'd  as  well  as  our  Stomachs  by  the  Charms  of  pretty  Sally 
the  Eldest  Daughter  of  the  Family. 

7.  This  being  Sunday  we  had  a  Sermon  to  which  very  few  of 
the  Neighbours  resorted,  because  they  wanted  timely  Notice.  How- 
ever some  good  Christians  came  &  amongst  them  Molly  Izzard 
the  smartest  Damsel  in  these  Parts.  Meanwell  made  this  Girle 
very  Vain  by  saying  sweet  things  to  her,  but  Sally  was  more 
engaging,  whose  wholesome  Flesh  &  Blood,  neither  had  nor  needed 
any  Ornament.  Nevertheless  in  the  Afternoon  we  cou'd  find  in 
our  Hearts  to  change  these  fair  Beauty's  for  the  Copper  Colour'd 
Ones  of  Nottaway  Towne.  Thither  we  went  having  given  Notice 
by  a  Runner  that  we  were  coming,  that  the  Indians  might  be  at 
home  to  entertain  us.  Our  Landlord  shew'd  us  the  way,  and  the 
Scouts  had  no  sooner  spy'd  us,  but  they  gave  Notice  of  our  Ap- 
proach, to  the  whole  Town,  by  perpetual  Whoops  &  Crys,  which 
to  a  Stranger  sound  very  dismal.  This  call'd  their  great  Men  to 
the  Fort,  where  we  alighted,  &  were  conducted  to  the  best  Cabins. 


114  History  OF  the  Dividing  Line  [April 

Body,  and  conducted  us  into  the  Fort.  This  Fort  was  a  Square  Piece  of 
Ground,  inclos'd  with  Substantial  Puncheons,  or  Strong  Palisades,  about 
ten  feet  high,  and  leaning  a  little  outwards,  to  make  a  Scalade  more 
difficult. 

Each  side  of  the  Square  might  be  about  100  Yards  long,  with  Loop- 
holes at  proper  Distances,  through  which  they  may  fire  upon  the  Enemy. 

Within  this  Inclosure  we  foimd  Bark  Cabanes  Sufficient  to  lodge  all  their 
people,  in  Case  they  should  be  obliged  to  retire  thither.  These  Cabanes 
are  no  other  but  Close  Arbours  made  of  Saplings,  arched  at  the  top, 
and  cover'd  so  well  with  Bark  as  to  be  proof  against  all  Weather.  The 
fire  is  made  in  the  Middle,  according  to  the  Hibernian  Fashion,  the  Smoak 
whereof  finds  no  other  Vent  but  at  the  Door,  and  so  keeps  the  whole 
family  Warm,  at  the  Expense  both  of  their  Eyes  and  Complexion. 

The  Indians  have  no  standing  Furniture  in  their  Cabanes  but  Hurdles 
to  repose  their  Persons  upon,  which  they  cover  with  Mats  or  Deer-skins. 
We  were  conducted  to  the  best  Appartments  in  the  Fort,  which  just  before 
had  been  made  ready  for  our  Reception,  and  adorn'd  with  new  Mats,  that 
were  sweet  and  clean. 

The  Young  Men  had  Painted  themselves  in  a  Hideous  Manner,  not  so 
much  for  Ornament  as  Terror.  In  that  frightful  Equipage  they  entertain'd 
us  with  Sundry  War-Dances,  wherein  they  endeavour'd  to  look  as  for- 
midable as  possible.  The  Instrument  they  danct  to  was  an  Indian-drum, 
that  is,  a  large  Gourd  with  a  Skin  bract  tort  over  the  Mouth  of  it.  The 
Dancers  all  Sang  to  this  Musick,  keeping  exact  Time  with  their  feet,  while 
their  Heads  and  Arms  were  screw'd  into  a  thousand  Menacing  Postures. 

Upon  this  occasion  the  Ladies  had  array'd  themselves  in  all  their  finery. 
They  were  Wrapt  in  their  Red  and  Blue  Match-Coats,  thrown  so  Negli- 
gently about  them,  that  their  Mehogony  Skins  appear'd  in  Several  Parts, 
like  the  Lacedaemonian  Damsels  of  Old.  Their  Hair  was  breeded  with 
white  and  Blue  Peak,  and  hung  gracefully  in  a  large  Roll  upon  their 
Shoulders. 

This  peak  Consists  of  Small  Cylinders  cut  out  of  a  Conque-Shell,  drill'd 
through  and  Strung  like  Beads.  It  serves  them  both  for  Money  and 
Jewels,  the  Blue  being  of  much  greater  Value  than  the  White,  for  the 
same  reason  that  Ethiopian  Mistresses  in  France  are  dearer  than  French, 
because  they  are  more  Scarce.  The  Women  wear  Necklaces  and  Bracelets 
of  these  precious  Materials,  when  they  have  a  mind  to  appear  lovely. 
Tho'  their  complexions  be  a  little  Sad-Colour'd,  yet  their  Shapes  are 
very  Strait  and  well  porportion'd.  Their  Faces  are  Seldom  handsome, 
yet  they  have  an  Air  of  Innocence  and  Bashfulness,  that  with  a  little  less 
dirt  wou'd  not  fail  to  make  them  desirable.  Such  Charms  might  have  had 
their  full  Effect  upon  Men  who  had  been  so  long  deprived  of  female 
conversation,  but  that  the  whole  Winter's  Soil  was  so  crusted  on  the  Skins 
of  those  dark  Angels,  that  it  requir'd  a  very  strong  Appetite  to  approach 
them.     The  Bear's  oyl,  with  which  they  anoint  their  Persons  all   over. 


April]  The  Secret  History  115 

All  the  Furniture  of  those  Appartments  was  Hurdles  oover'd  with 
clean  Mats.  The  Young  Men  had  painted  themselves  in  a  Hideous 
Manner,  not  for  Beauty,  but  Terrour,  &  in  that  Equipage  enter- 
tain'd  us  with  some  of  their  War  Dances.  The  Ladies  had  put 
on  all  their  Ornaments  to  charm  us,  but  the  whole  Winter's  Dirt 
was  so  crusted  on  their  Skins,  that  it  requir'd  a  strong  appetite  to 
accost  them.  Whatever  we  were,  Our  Men  were  not  quite  so 
nice,  but  were  hunting  after  them  all  Night.  But  tho'  Meanwell 
might  perhaps  want  Inclinations  to  these  sad-colour'd  Ladys,  yet 
curiousity  made  him  try  the  difference  between  them  &  other  Wo- 
men, to  the  disobligation  of  his  Ruffles,  which  betray'd  what  he 
had  been  doing.  Instead  of  being  entertain'd  by  these  Indians, 
we  entertain'd  them  with  Bacon  &  Rum,  which  they  accepted  of 
very  kindly,  the  Ladys  as  well  as  the  Men.  They  offer'd  us  no 
Bedfellows,  according  to  the  good  Indian  fashion,  which  we  had 
reason  to  take  unkindly.  Only  the  Queen  of  Weynoke  told  Steddy 
that  her  Daughter  had  been  at  his  Service  if  She  had  not  been  too 
Young.  Some  Indian  Men  were  lurking  all  Night  about  our 
Cabin,  with  the  felonious  intent  to  pilfer  what  they  cou'd  lay  their 
hands  upon,  &  their  Dogs  slunk  into  us  in  the  Night,  &  eat  up  what 
remain'd  of  our  Provisions. 


116  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [April 

makes  their  skins  Soft,  and  at  the  Same  time  protects  them  from  every 
Species  of  Vermin  that  use  to  be  troublesome  to  other  uncleanly  People. 

We  were  unluckily  so  many,  that  they  cou'd  not  well  make  us  the 
Complement  of  Bed-fellows,  according  to  the  Indian  Rules  of  Hospitality, 
tho'  a  grave  Matron  whisper'd  one  of  the  Commissioners  very  civily  in 
the  Ear,  that  if  her  Daughter  had  been  but  one  year  Older,  she  should 
have  been  at  his  Devotion. 

It  is  by  no  means  a  loss  of  Reputation  among  the  Indians,  for  Damsels 
that  are  Single  to  have  Intrigues  with  the  Men;  on  the  contrary,  they  count 
it  an  Argument  of  Superior  Merit  to  be  liked  by  a  great  Number  of  Gal- 
lants. However,  like  the  Ladys  that  Game  they  are  a  little  Mercenary 
in  their  Amours,  and  seldom  bestow  their  Favours  out  of  Stark  Love  and 
Kindness.  But  after  these  Women  have  once  appropriated  their  Charms 
by  Marriage,  they  are  from  thencefourth  faithful  to  their  Vows,  and  will 
hardly  ever  be  tempted  by  an  Agreeable  Gallant,  or  be  provokt  by  a  Brutal 
or  even  by  a  fumbling  Husband  to  go  astray. 

The  little  Work  that  is  done  among  the  Indians  is  done  by  the  poor 
Women,  while  the  men  are  quite  idle,  or  at  most  employ'd  only  in  the 
Gentlemanly  Diversions  of  Hunting  and  Fishing. 

In  this,  as  well  as  in  their  Wars,  they  now  use  nothing  but  Fire-Arms, 
which  they  purchase  of  the  English  for  Skins.  Bows  and  Arrows  are 
grown  into  disuse,  except  only  amongst  their  Boys.  Nor  is  it  ill  Policy, 
but  on  the  contrary  very  prudent,  thus  to  furnish  the  Indians  with  Fire- 
Arms,  because  it  makes  them  depend  entirely  upon  the  English,  not  only 
for  their  Trade,  but  even  for  their  subsistence.  Besides,  they  were  really 
able  to  do  more  mischief,  while  they  made  use  of  Arrows,  of  which  they 
wou'd  let  Silently  fly  Several  in  a  Minute  with  Wonderful  Dexterity, 
whereas  now  they  hardly  ever  discharge  their  Firelocks  more  than  once, 
which  they  insidiously  do  from  behind  a  Tree,  and  then  retire  as  nimbly 
as  the  Dutch  Horse  us'd  to  do  now  and  then  formerly  in  Flanders. 

We  put  the  Indians  to  no  expense,  but  only  of  a  little  Corn  for  our 
Horses,  for  which  in  Gratitude  we  cheer'd  their  hearts  with  what  Rum 
we  had  left,  which  they  love  better  than  they  do  their  Wives  and  Children. 

Tho'  these  Indians  dwell  among  the  English,  and  see  in  what  Plenty  a 
little  Industry  enables  them  to  live,  yet  they  chuse  to  continue  in  their 
Stupid  Idleness,  and  to  Suffer  all  the  Inconveniences  of  Dirt,  Cold,  md 
Want,  rather  than  to  disturb  their  hands  With  care,  or  defile  their  Hands 
with   labour. 

The  whole  Number  of  People  belonging  to  the  Nottoway  Town,  if  you 
include  Women  and  Children,  amount  to  about  200.  These  are  the  only 
Indians  of  any  consequence  now  remaining  within  the  Limits  of  Virginia. 
The  rest  are  either  removed,  or  dwindled  to  a  very  inconsiderable  Number, 
either  by  destroying  one  another,  or  else  by  the  Small-Pox  and  other 
Diseases.     Tho'  nothing  has  been  so  fatal  to  them  as  their  ungovernable 


April]  The  Secret  History  117 


[Continued  on  page  123] 


118  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [April 

Passion  for  Rum,  with  which,  I  am  sorry  to  say  it,  they  have  been  but 
too  liberally  supply'd  by  the  English  that  live  near  them. 

And  here  I  must  lament  the  bad  Success  Mr.  Boyle's  Charity'^'^  has 
hitherto  had  towards  converting  any  of  these  poor  Heathens  to  Christian- 
ity. Many  children  of  our  Neighbouring  Indians  have  been  brought  up 
in  the  College  of  William  and  Mary.  They  have  been  taught  to  read  and 
write,  and  have  been  carefully  Instructed  in  the  Principles  of  the  Christian 
Religion,  till  they  came  to  be  men.  Yet  after  they  return'd  home,  instead 
of  civilizeing  and  converting  the  rest,  they  have  immediately  Relapt  into 
Infidelity  and  Barbarism  themselves. 

And  some  of  them  too  have  made  the  worst  use  of  the  Knowledge  they 
acquir'd  among  the  English,  by  employing  it  against  their  Benefactors. 
Besides,  as  they  unhappily  forget  all  the  good  they  learn,  and  remember 
the  111,  they  are  apt  to  be  more  vicious  and  disorderly  than  the  rest  of  their 
Countrymen. 

I  ought  not  to  quit  this  Subject  without  doing  Justice  to  the  great 
Prudence  of  Colo  Spotswood  in  this  Affair.  That  Gentleman  was  lieut 
Governor  of  Virginia  when  Carolina  was  engaged  in  a  Bloody  War  with 
the  Indians.  At  that  critical  Time  it  was  thought  expedient  to  keep  a 
Watchful  Eye  upon  our  Tributary  Savages,  who  we  knew  had  nothing  to 
keep  them  to  their  Duty  but  their  Fears. 

Then  it  was  that  he  demanded  of  each  Nation  a  Competent  Number 
of  their  great  Men's  Children  to  be  sent  to  the  College,  where  they  serv'd 
as  so  many  Hostages  for  the  good  Behaviour  of  the  Rest,  and  at  the  same 
time  were  themselves  principled  in  the  Christian  Religion.  He  also  Plac'd 
a  School-Master  among  the  Saponi  Indians,  at  the  salary  of  Fifty  Pounds 
P  Annum,  to  instruct  their  Children.  The  Person  that  undertook  that 
Charitable  work  was  Mr.  Charles  Griffin,"^  a  Man  of  good  Family,  who 
by  the  Innocence  of  his  Life,  and  the  Sweetest  of  his  Temper,  was  perfectly 
well  qualify 'd  for  that  pious  undertaking.     Besides,  he  had  so  much  the 


^  Robert  Boyle,  English  chemist,  who  in  his  will  provided  that  £4,000  from  his  estate 
should  be  employed  for  "pious  and  charitable  uses."  Through  the  efforts  of  Dr. 
James  Blair,  Boyle's  nephew  and  executor  was  persuaded  to  make  an  invest- 
ment in  the  Manor  of  Brafferton,  the  income  from  which,  excepting  £45  per 
annum  to  Harvard  and  a  similar  amount  to  the  Society  for  the  Propagation  of  the 
Gospel  in  Foreign  Parts,  should  go  to  William  and  Mary  for  the  education  of  Indians; 
hence  Brafferton  Hall  at  that  institution.  During  the  Revolution  the  income  was 
diverted  to  the  education  of  Negroes  in  the  West  Indies.  (See  Tyler's  Colonial 
Williamsburg,  passim.) 

^^  Charles  Griffin  appears  in  North  Carolina  as  an  immigrant  from  the  West  Indies 
in  the  early  eighteenth  century.  About  1705  he  opened  a  school  in  Pasquotank 
Precinct  and  was  acknowledged  as  lay  leader  of  the  Church  of  Englcmd.  In  1808  he 
moved  to  Chowan  Precinct  where  he  is  reported  to  have  fallen  into  immorality  and 
Quakerism.  In  1716  he  appears  in  Virginia  as  head  of  the  Indian  school  subsidized 
by  Spotswood  and  in  1720  he  became  teacher  in  the  Indian  school  of  William  and 
Mary.  In  1712  another  Indian  school  was  reported  at  Sarum,  on  the  border  of  North 
Carolina  and  Virginia,  to  which  Indians  were  admitted.  It  was  conducted  by  a  Mr. 
Mashburn. 


April]  The  Secret  History  119 


[Continued  on  page  123] 


120  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [April 

Secret  of  mixing  Pleasure  with  instruction,  that  he  had  not  a  Scholar,  who 
did  not  love  him  affectionately. 

Such  Talents  must  needs  have  been  blest  with  a  Proportionable  Success, 
had  he  not  been  unluckily  remov'd  to  the  College,  by  which  he  left  the 
good  work  he  had  begun  unfinisht.  In  short,  all  the  Pains  he  had  under- 
taken among  the  Infidels  had  no  other  Effect  but  to  make  them  something 
cleanlier  than  other  Indians  are. 

The  Care  Colo  Spotswood  took  to  tincture  the  Indian  Children  with 
Christianity  produc'd  the  following  Epigram,  which  was  not  publisht 
during  his  Administration,  for  fear  it  might  then  have  lookt  like  flattery. 

Long  has  the  Furious  Priest  assay'd  in  Vain, 
With  Sword  and  Faggot,  Infidels  to  gain, 
But  now  the  Milder  Soldier  wisely  tryes 
By  Gentler  Methods  to  unveil  their  Eyes. 
Wonders  apart,  he  knew  'twere  vain  t'  engage 
The  fix'd  Preventions  of  Misguided  Age. 
With  fairer  Hopes  he  forms  the  Indian  Youth 
To  early  Manners,  Probity  and  Truth. 
The  Lyon's  whelp  thus  on  the  Lybian  Shore    \ 
Is  tam'd  and  Gentled  by  the  Artful  Moor,      > 
Not  the  Grim  Sire,  inured  to  Blood  before,     j 

I  am  sorry  I  can't  give  a  Better  Account  of  the  State  of  the  Poor 
Indians  with  respect  to  Christianity,  altho'  a  great  deal  of  Pains  has  been 
and  still  continues  to  be  taken  with  them.  For  my  Part,  I  must  be  of 
Opinion,  as  I  hinted  before,  that  there  is  but  one  way  of  Converting  these 
poor  Infidels,  and  reclaiming  them  from  Barbarity,  and  that  is.  Charitably 
to  intermarry  with  them,  according  to  the  Modern  Policy  of  the  most 
Christian  King  in  Canada  and  Louisiana. 

Had  the  English  done  this  at  the  first  Settlement  of  the  Colony,  the 
Infidelity  of  the  Indians  had  been  worn  out  at  this  Day,  with  their  Dark 
Complexions,  and  the  Country  had  swarm'd  with  People  more  than  it 
does   with    Insects. 

It  was  certainly  an  unreasonable  Nicety,  that  prevented  their  entering 
into  so  good-Natur'd  an  Alliance.  All  Nations  of  men  have  the  same 
Natural  Dignity,  and  we  all  know  that  very  bright  Talents  may  be 
lodg'd  under  a  very  dark  Skin.  The  principal  Difference  between  one 
People  and  another  proceeds  only  from  the  Different  Opportunities  of 
Improvement. 

The  Indians  by  no  means  want  understanding,  and  are  in  their  Figure 
tall  and  well-proportion'd.  Even  their  Copper-colour'd  Complexion  wou'd 
admit  of  Blanching,  if  not  in  the  first,  at  the  farthest  in  the  Second 
Generation. 

I  may  safely  venture  to  say,  the  Indian  Women  would  have  made 
altogether  as  Honest  Wives  for  the  first  Planters,  as  the  Damsels  they  us'd 


April]  The  Secret  History  121 


[Continued  on  page  123] 


122  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [April 

to  purchase  from  aboard  the  Ships.  It  is  Strange,  therefore,  that  any  good 
Christian  Shou'd  have  refused  a  wholesome.  Straight  Bed-fellow,  when  he 
might  have  had  so  fair  a  Portion  with  her,  as  the  Merit  of  saving  her 
Soul. 

8.  We  rested  on  our  clean  Mats  very  comfortably,  tho'  alone,  and 
the  next  Morning  went  to  the  Toilet  of  some  of  the  Indian  Ladys,  where, 
what  with  the  Charms  of  their  Persons  and  the  Smoak  of  their  Apartments, 
we  were  almost  blinded.  They  offer'd  to  give  us  Silk-Grass  Baskets  of 
their  own  making,  which  we  Modestly  refused,  knowing  that  an  Indian 
present,  like  that  of  a  Nun,  is  a  Liberality  put  out  to  Interest,  and  a 
Bribe  plac'd  to  the  greatest  Advantage. 

Our  Chaplain  observ'd  with  concern,  that  the  Ruffles  of  Some  of  our 
Fellow  Travellers  were  a  little  discolour'd  with  pochoon,^^  wherewith  the 
good  Man  had  been  told  those  Ladies  us'd  to  improve  their  invisible 
charms. 

About  10  a  Clock  we  marched  out  of  Town  in  good  order,  &  the  War 
Captains  saluted  us  with  a  Volley  of  Small-Arms.  From  thence  we  pro- 
ceeded over  Black-water  Bridge  to  colo'  Henry  Harrisons,  where  we  con- 
gratulated each  other  upon  our  Return  into  Christendom. 

Thus  ended  our  Progress  for  this  Season,  which  we  may  justly  say  was 
attended  with  all  the  Success  that  could  be  expected.  Besides  the  Punctual 
Performance  of  what  was  Committed  to  us,  we  had  the  Pleasure  to  bring 
back  every  one  of  our  Company  in  perfect  Health.  And  this  we  must 
acknowledge  to  be  a  Singular  Blessing,  considering  the  Difficulties  and 
Dangers  to  which  they  had  been  expos'd. 

We  had  reason  to  fear  the  many  Waters  and  Sunken  Grounds,  thro' 
which  We  were  oblig'd  to  wade,  might  have  thrown  the  men  into  Sundry 
Acute  distempers;  especially  the  Dismal,  where  the  Soil  was  so  full  of 
Water,  and  the  Air  so  full  of  Damps,  that  nothing  but  a  Dutchman  cou'd 
live    in   them. 

Indeed  the  Foundation  of  all  our  Success  was  the  Exceeding  dry  Season. 
It  rain'd  during  the  whole  Journey  but  rarely,  and  then,  as  when  Herod 
built  his  Temple,  only  in  the  Night  or  upon  the  Sabbath,  when  it  was  no 
hindrance  at  all  to  our  progress. 


^^  The  puccoon,  or  bloodroot,  which  yields  dark  red  or  yellow  juices,  called  Indian 
paint. 


April]  The  Secret  History  123 


8.  When  we  were  drest,  Meanwell  &  I  visited  most  of  the 
Princesses  at  their  own  Appartments,  but  the  Smoke  was  so  great 
there,  the  Fire  being  made  in  the  middle  of  the  Cabbins,  that  we 
were  not  able  to  see  their  Charms.  Prince  James'  Princess  sent 
my  Wife  a  fine  Basket  of  her  own  making,  with  the  Expectation 
of  receiving  from  her  some  present  of  ten  times  its  Value.  An 
Indian  Present  like  those  made  to  Princes,  is  only  a  Liberality  put 
out  to  Interest,  &  a  bribe  placed  to  the  greatest  Advantage.  I  cou'd 
discern  by  some  of  our  Gentlemen's  Linnen,  discolour'd  by  the 
Soil  of  the  Indian  Ladys,  that  they  had  been  convincing  themselves 
in  the  point  of  their  having  no  furr.  About  Ten  we  march't  out 
of  the  Town,  some  of  the  Indians  giving  us  a  Volley  of  small 
Arms  at  our  departure.  We  drank  our  Oiocolate  at  one  Jones's 
about  4  Miles  from  the  Town,  &  then  proceeded  over  Black- Water 
Bridge  to  CoP  Henry  Harrisons,^^  where  we  were  very  handsomely 
entertain'd,  &  congratulated  one  another  upon  our  Return  into 
Christendome. 

9.  We  scrubb'd  off  our  Indian  dirt,  &  refresht  our  selves  with 
clean  Linnen.  After  a  plentiful]  Breakfast,  we  took  our  Leave, 
&  set  our  Faces  towards  Westover.  By  the  way  we  met  Boiler 
Cocke  &  his  Lady,  who  told  me  my  Family  was  well,  Heaven  be 
prais'd;  When  we  came  to  the  New  Church  near  Warren's  Mill, 
Steddy  drew  up  his  Men,  &  harangued  them  in  the  following  Man- 
ner. "Friends  &  Fellow  Travellers,  It  is  a  great  Satisfaction  to 
me,  that  after  so  many  difficultys  &  Fatigues,  you  are  retum'd 
in  safety  to  the  place  where  I  first  Join'd  you.  I  am  much 
oblidg'd  to  you  for  the  great  readiness  &  Vigour  you  have  shew'd 
in  the  business  we  went  about,  &  I  must  do  you  all,  the  Justice  to 
declare,  that  you  have  not  only  done  your  Duty  but  also  done  it 
with  Cheerfullness  &  Affection.  Such  a  Behaviour,  you  may  be 
sure  will  engage  us,  to  procure  for  you  the  best  Satisfaction  we 

"iT^i^^T,  Pa^'so"    (1691-1732),   of   Surry   County,   son    of   Benjamin    Harrison   of 
KerkJey     James  River,  member  of  the  House  of  Burgesses  in  1715  and  later  years, 
and  of  the  Council  in  1730. 


124  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [April 


[Continued  on  page  138] 


April]  The  Secret  History  125 

"can  from  the  Government.  And  besides  that  you  may  depend 
"upon  our  being  ready  at  all  times  to  do  you  any  manner  of  Kind- 
"ness,  You  are  now  blessed  be  God,  near  your  own  dwellings, 
"I  doubt  not,  willing  to  be  discharg'd.  I  heartily  wish  you  may 
"every  one  find  your  Friends  &  Your  Familys  in  perfect  Health, 
"&  that  your  Affairs  may  have  suffer'd  as  little  as  possible  by  your 
"Absence."  The  Men  took  this  Speech  very  kindly,  &  were  thank- 
ful on  their  part  for  the  affectionate  care  we  had  taken  of  them 
during  the  whole  Journey.  Upon  the  whole  matter  it  was  as  much 
as  we  cou'd  do  to  part  with  dry  Eyes.  However  they  filed  off  to 
Prince  George  Court,  where  they  entertain'd  their  Acquaintance 
with  the  History  of  their  Travels,  and  Meanwell  with  the  2  Astrol- 
abes past  over  the  River  with  me  to  Westover,  where  I  had  the 
Pleasure  of  meeting  all  my  Family  in  perfect  Health,  nor  had 
they  been  otherwise  since  I  left  them.  This  great  Blessing  ought 
to  inspire  us  all  with  the  deepest  Sentiments  of  Gratitude,  as  well 
as  convince  us  of  the  Powerf ull  Effect  of  Sincere  &  hearty  Prayers 
to  the  Almighty  in  all  our  undertakings. 

Thus  ended  our  Progress  for  this  Season,  &  it  shou'd  be  re- 
member'd  that  before  we  parted  with  the  Commissioners  of  N. 
Carolina  we  agreed  to  meet  again  at  Kinchins  on  the  10*  of  Sep- 
tember, to  continue  the  Line  from  thence  towards  the  Mountains, 
upon  this  Condition  nevertheless,  that  if  the  Commissioners  on 
either  Side  shou'd  find  it  convenient  to  alter  the  Day,  they  shou'd 
give  timely  Notice  to  the  other.  I  had  been  so  long  absent  from 
home,  that  I  was  glad  to  rest  my  self  for  a  few  Days,  &  therefore 
went  not  down  to  Williamsburgh  'till  the  17*^  of  April.  And  then 
I  waited  upon  the  Governor  to  give  an  Account  of  my  Commission, 
but  found  my  Reception  a  little  cooler  than  I  thought  my  Be- 
haviour in  the  Service  had  deserv'd.  I  must  own  I  was  surpriz'd 
at  it,  'til  I  came  to  understand,  that  several  Storys  had  been 
whisper'd  by  Firebrand  &  Orion  to  my  Disadvantage. 

Those  Gentlemen  had  been  so  indiscreet  as  to  set  about  several 
ridiculous  Falshoods,  which  cou'd  be  prov'd  so,  by  every  Man 
that  was  with  us.  Particularly  that  I  had  treated  Orion  not  only 
without  Ceremony,  but  without  Justice,  denying  him  any  Assist- 
ance from  the  Men,  &  supporting  them  in  their  rudeness  to  him. 
And  because  they  thought  it  necessary  to  give  some  Instance  of 
my  unkindness  to  that  worthy  Gentleman,  they  boldly  affirm'd. 


126  History  of  the  Dividing  Line 


[Continued  on  page  138] 


The  Secret  History  127 

that  I  wou'd  not  send  one  of  the  Men  from  Capt  James  Wilson's  to 
Norfolk  Town  for  his  Horse,  which  he  had  left  there  to  be  cured 
of  a  Sore  back.  The  Father  of  Lies  cou'd  not  have  told  one  more 
point  Blank  against  the  Truth  than  this  was,  because  the  Author 
of  it  knew  in  his  own  Conscience,  that  I  had  order'd  one  of  the  Men 
to  go  upon  this  Errand  for  him,  tho'  it  was  more  than  50  Miles 
backward  &  forward,  &  tho'  his  own  Servant  might  as  well  have 
gone,  because  he  had  at  that  time  nothing  to  hinder  him,  being 
left  behind  at  Wilsons,  where  the  Men  were,  &  not  attending  upon 
his  Master.  And  this  I  cou'd  prove  by  Meanwell  who  wrote  the 
Order  I  sign'd  for  this  purpose.  &  by  D""  Humdrum  who  receiv'd  it, 
&  thereupon  had  sent  one  of  the  Men  to  Norfolk  for  him.  Nor 
were  these  Gentlemen  content  with  doing  this  wrong  to  Me,  but 
they  were  still  more  &  more  unjust  to  Astrolabe,  by  telling  the 
Governor,  that  he  was  ignorant  in  the  Business  of  Surveying,  that 
he  had  done  nothing  in  running  of  the  Line,  but  Orion  had  done 
all;  which  was  as  Opposite  to  Truth,  as  Light  is  to  darkness,  or 
Modesty  to  Impudence.  For  in  Fact  Astrolabe  had  done  all, 
&  Orion  had  done  nothing,  but  what  expos'd  not  only  his  awkward- 
ness in  the  Practice,  but  his  Ignorance  in  the  Theory:  nor  was  this 
a  bare  untruth  only  with  regard  to  Astrolabe,  but  there  was  Malice 
in  it,  for  they  had  so  totally  preposest  the  Commissary  with  his 
being  Ignorant  in  the  Art  of  Surveying,  that,  contrary  to  his  pro- 
mise formerally  given,  he  determined  not  to  make  him  Surveyor 
of  GoochLand,  nor  had  he  yielded  to  it  at  last,  without  the  inter- 
position of  the  Governor.  So  liable  is  Humane  Nature  to  prepos- 
session, that  even  the  Clergy  is  not  exempt  from  it. 

They  likewise  circulated  a  great  many  other  ridiculous  Stories 
in  the  Gaiety  of  their  Hearts,  which  carry'd  a  keener  Edge  against 
themselves  than  Steddy,  &  therefore  merited  rather  my  Contempt, 
than  Resentment.  However  it  was  very  easy  when  Meanwell  &  I 
came  to  Town,  not  only  to  disprove  all  their  Slander,  but  also  to 
set  every  thing  in  a  true  light  with  Regard  to  themselves.  We 
made  it  as  clear  as  the  Noon  Day,  that  all  the  Evidence  they  had 
given  was  as  much  upon  the  Irish,  as  their  Wit  &  their  Modesty. 
The  Governour  was  soon  convinced,  &  exprest  himself  very  freely 
to  those  Gentlemen  &  particularly  to  Orion,  who  had  with  great 
confidence  impos'd  upon  him.  He  was  also  so  fully  perswaded  of 
Astrolabes  Abilities,  that  he  perfectly  constrain'd  the  Commissary 


128  History  of  the  Dividing  Line 


[Continued  on  page  138] 


The  Secret  History  129 

to  appoint  him  Surveyor  of  Goochland,  to  the  Mortification  of  his 
Adversarys. 

As  soon  as  I  cou'd  compleat  my  Journal,  I  sent  it  to  Firebrand 
for  his  Hand  if  he  found  it  right;  but  after  many  Days  he  retum'd 
it  me  unsign'd,  tho'  he  cou'd  make  no  Objection.  I  gave  myself 
no  further  Trouble  about  him,  but  desir'd  M""  Banister^*^  to  give 
it  to  the  Governour  subscrib'd  by  Meanwell  &  Me.  Upon  his  ask- 
ing Firebrand  why  he  would  not  grace  the  Journal  with  his  Hand, 
his  Invention  cou'd  find  no  other  Reason,  but,  because  it  was  too 
Poetical.  However  he  thought  proper  to  Sign  this  Poetical  Journal 
at  last,  when  he  found  it  was  to  be  sent  to  England  without  it. 

Sometime  in  June  Plausible  made  me  a  Visit,  &  let  me  know 
in  the  Name  of  his  Brother  Commissioners  of  N.  Carolina,  that  it 
was  their  common  Request,  that  our  Meeting  to  continue  the  Line, 
might  be  put  off  to  the  20*''  of  September,  &  desir'd  me  to  com- 
municate their  Sentiments  to  the  other  Commissioners  for  Vir- 
ginia. I  beg'd  he  wou'd  make  this  request  in  Writing  by  way  of 
Letter,  lest  it  might  be  call'd  in  question  by  some  unbelievers. 
Such  a  Letter  he  wrote,  &  a  few  days  after  I  show'd  it  to  Fire- 
brand &  let  him  know  Meanwell  &  I  had  agreed  to  their  Desire, 
&  intended  to  write  them  an  Answer  accordingly.  But  he  believing 
this  Alteration  of  the  Day  to  have  been  made  in  Compliment  to 
me  (because  he  knew  I  had  always  been  of  this  Opinion)  im- 
mediately sent  away  a  Letter,  or  rather  an  Order  to  the  Com- 
missioners for  Carolina,  directing  them  to  stick  to  their  first 
day  of  meeting,  being  the  Tenth  of  September,  &  to  disown  their 
Order  to  Plausible  to  get  it  put  off.  A  precept  from  so  great  a 
Man,  three  of  these  worthy  Commissioners  had  not  the  Spirit  to 
disobey,  but  meanly  swallow'd  their  own  Words,  &  under  their 
Hands  deny'd  they  had  ever  desired  Plausible  to  make  any  such 
Motion.  The  Renegade  Letter  of  these  Sycophants  was  after- 
wards produced  by  Firebrand  to  the  Governour  &  Council  of  Vir- 
ginia. In  the  meantime  I  sent  them  an  Epistle  sign'd  by  Meanwell 
&  myself,  that  we,  in  compliance  with  their  Desire  deliver'd  by 
Plausible  had  agreed  to  put  off  our  meeting  to  the  20*^  of  Sep- 


^  John  Banister,  collector  of  the  Customs  for  the  Upper  James  District,  son  of  Rev. 
John  Banister,  naturalist  and  entomologist,  who  arrived  in  Virginia  about  1678.  The 
Banister  plantation  was  near  Petersburg. 


130  History  of  the  Dividing  Line 


[Continued  on  page  138] 


The  Secret  History  131 

tember.  This  servile  Temper  in  these  3  Carolina  Commissioners, 
show'd  of  what  base  Metal  they  were  made,  &  had  discover'd  it- 
self in  another  pitifuU  Instance  not  long  before. 

Firebrand  despairing  of  a  good  Word  from  his  Virginia  Col- 
legues,  with  great  Industry  procured  a  Testimonial  from  his 
Carolina  Flatterers,  as  well  for  himself  as  his  Favorite  Orion. 
And  because  the  Complement  might  appear  too  gross  if  addrest 
to  himself  it  was  contriv'd  that  the  Gentlemen  abovemention'd 
shou'd  join  in  a  Letter  to  the  Commissary^^  (with  whom  by  the 
way  they  had  never  before  corresponded )  wherein  without  Rhyme 
or  Reason,  they  took  care  to  celebrate  Firebrand's  Civility,  and 
Orion's  Mathematicks. 

This  Certificate  was  soon  produced  by  the  good  Commissary  to 
our  Govemour,  who  cou'd  not  but  see  thro'  the  Shallow  Contri- 
vance. It  appear'd  ridiculous  to  him,  but  most  abject  &  monstrous 
to  us,  who  knew  them  to  be  as  ill  Judges  of  the  Mathematicks,  as 
a  deaf  Man  cou'd  be  of  Musick.  Sc  that  to  be  sure  it  was  a  great 
Addition  to  the  character  of  our  Professor,  to  have  the  honour  of 
their  Testimonials,  And  tho'  we  shou'd  allow  Men  of  their  Educa- 
tion to  be  Criticks  in  Civility,  yet  at  first  these  very  men  complain'd 
of  Firebrand's  haughty  Carriage,  tho'  now  they  have  the  meanness 
to  write  to  the  Commissary  in  Commendation  of  his  civility.  These 
are  such  Instances  of  a  poor  Spirit  as  none  cou'd  equal  but  them- 
selves in  other  Passages  of  their  behaviour.  And  tho'  the  Subject 
be  very  low,  yet  I  must  beg  leave  to  mention  another  Case,  in 
which  not  only  these,  but  all  the  Council  of  N.  Carolina  discover'd 
a  Submission  below  all  Example.  They  suffer'd  this  Firebrand 
to  come  in  at  the  head  of  their  Council,  when  at  his  first  Admission 
he  ought  to  have  been  at  the  Tail.  I  can't  tell  whether  it  was 
more  pretending  in  him  to  ask  this  precedence  or  more  pitifull 
in  them  to  submit  to  it.  He  will  say  perhaps  that  it  befitted  not  a 
Gentleman  of  his  Noble  Family  &  high  Station,  to  set  below  a 
Company  of  Pyrates,  Vagabonds,  &  Footmen:  but  surely  if  that 
be  their  Character,  he  ought  as  little  to  sit  among  them  at  all.  But 
what  have  they  to  say  in  their  Excuses  for  Prostituting  the  Rank 
in  which  the  Lords  Proprietors  had  placed  them,  since  the  Person 
to  whom  they  made  this  Complement  has  no  other  Title  to  the  Arms 


James  Blair,  Commissary  of  the  Church  of  England  in  Virginia. 


132  History  of  the  Dividing  Line 


[Continued  on  page  138] 


The  Secret  History  133 

he  bears,  and  the  name  he  goes  by,  but  the  Courtesy  of  Ireland. 
And  then  for  his  Office,  he  is  at  most  but  a  Publican  &  holds  not 
his  Commission  from  his  Majority,  but  from  the  Commissioners 
of  the  Customs.  So  they  had  no  other  Reason  to  give  this  Man 
place,  but  because  their  own  worthlessness  flow  in  their  Faces. 
Sometime  in  July  I  receiv'd  a  Letter  from  Firebrand  in  which  he 
accus'd  me  of  having  taken  too  much  upon  me  in  in  our  last  Ex- 
pedition, by  pretending  to  a  Sole  Command  of  the  Men.  That 
then  the  Number  of  our  Men  was  too  great,  &  brought  an  unneces- 
sary charge  upon  the  Publick,  that  9  or  10  wou'd  be  sufficient  to 
take  out  with  us  next  time,  of  which  he  wou'd  name  3.  This  was 
the  Sum  &  Substance  of  his  Letter,  tho'  there  were  Turns  in  it  & 
some  Raillery  which  he  intended  to  be  very  ingenious,  &  for 
which  he  belabour'd  his  poor  Brains  very  much.  I  did  not  think 
this  Epistle  worth  an  Answer,  but  fancy'd  it  wou'd  be  time  enough 
to  dispute  the  Points  mention'd  therein,  at  our  next  Council.  It 
happen'd  in  August  upon  the  News  of  some  disturbance  among  the 
Indians,  that  the  Governor  call'd  a  small  Council  compos'd  only 
of  the  Councellors  in  the  Neighbourhood,  judging  it  unnecessary 
to  give  us  the  Trouble  of  a  Journey,  who  liv'd  at  a  greater  Distance. 
At  this  Council  assisted  only  Firebrand,  the  Commissary  &  3  other 
Gentlemen.  Neither  Meanwell  nor  I  were  there,  nor  had  any 
Summons  or  the  least  Notice  of  it.  This  Firebrand  thought  a 
proper  Occasion  to  propose  his  Questions  concerning  the  Reduc- 
tion of  the  Number  of  our  Men,  &  the  day  when  we  were  to  meet 
the  Carolina  Commissioners.  He  was  seconded  by  his  Friend  the 
Commissar}^  who  surpriz'd  the  rest  of  the  council  into  their 
Opinion,  there  being  nobody  to  oppose  them,  nor  any  so  just  as 
to  put  off"  the  Question,  til  the  2  Commissioners  that  were  absent 
might  be  heard  in  a  matter  that  concem'd  them.  However  these 
unfair  &  short  sighted  Politicks  were  so  far  from  prospering,  that 
they  turn'd  to  the  Confusion  of  him  that  contriv'd  them.  For  hav- 
ing quickly  gain'd  Intelligence  of  this  proceeding,  I  complain'd 
of  the  Injustice  of  it  in  a  Letter  I  wrote  to  the  Governor,  and  he 
was  so  much  convinc'd  by  my  Reasons,  that  he  wrote  one  word, 
he  wou'd  call  a  general  Council  the  Week  following,  to  overhawle 
that  Matter  again.  Indeed  he  had  been  so  prudent  at  the  little 
Council  as  to  direct  the  Clerk  not  to  enter  what  had  been  there 
determin'd,  upon  the  Council  Books,  that  it  might  not  stand  as  art 


134  History  of  the  Dividing  Line 


[Continued  on  page  138] 


The  Secret  History  135 

Order  but  only  as  Matter  of  Advice  to  us  Commissioners.  Upon 
Receipt  of  this  Letter  I  dispatcht  an  Express  to  Meanwell,  ac- 
quainting him  with  this  whole  Matter,  &  intreating  him  to  call 
upon  me  in  his  way  to  the  next  Council.  When  he  came  we  con- 
sulted what  was  fittest  for  us  to  do  after  such  Treatment,  &  upon 
weighing  every  Circumstance  we  resolv'd  at  last  that  since  it  was 
not  possible  for  us  to  agree  with  Firebrand,  We  wou'd  absolutely 
refuse  to  go  with  him  upon  the  next  Expedition,  lest  his  Majesty's 
Service  might  suffer  by  our  perpetual  Discord.  Full  of  this  Reso- 
lution we  went  down  to  Williamsburgh,  &  begg'd  the  Governor, 
that  he  wou'd  be  pleas'd  to  dispence  with  our  serving  any  more 
with  Firebrand  in  running  the  Line;  because  he  was  a  Person  of 
such  uneasy  Temper,  that  there  were  no  hopes  of  preserving  any 
Harmony  amongst  us.  The  Governor  desired  we  wou'd  not  aban- 
don a  Service  in  which  we  had  acquitted  ourselves  so  well,  but 
finish  what  we  had  began,  tho'  he  own'd  we  were  join'd  by  a  Gentle- 
man too  selfish  &  too  arrogant  to  be  happy  with  him.  I  reply'd 
that  since  he  did  me  the  Honour  to  desire  me  to  make  another 
Journey  with  him,  I  wou'd  do  it,  but  hoped  I  might  have  20  Men 
&  have  the  Sole  command  of  them  to  prevent  all  Disputes  upon 
that  Chapter.  He  thought  what  I  ask't  was  so  reasonable,  that 
if  I  wou'd  propose  it  to  the  Council,  I  might  easily  carry  it. 

According  to  the  Governor's  Advice,  Meanwell  &  I,  yielded  to 
put  it  to  the  Council,  &  when  it  was  met,  &  our  Business  enter'd 
upon,  I  deliver'd  my  self  in  the  following  Terms.  "I  humbly 
'conceive  that  the  Business  of  running  the  Line  towards  the  Moun- 
'tains  will  require  at  least  20  Men,  if  we  intend  to  follow  it  with 
'Vigour.  The  Chain-carriers,  the  Markers,  &  the  Men  who  carrys 
'the  Instrument  after  the  Surveyor  must  be  constantly  reliev'd. 
'These  must  be  5  in  Number  always  upon  Duty,  &  where  the 
'Woods  are  thick,  which  will  frequently  be  the  Case,  there  shou'd 
'be  2  more  Men  to  clear  the  way  &  upon  the  Prospect  to  the  Sur- 
'veyors.  While  this  Number  is  thus  employ'd,  their  Arms  must 
'be  carry'd,  &  their  Horses  led  after  them  by  as  great  a  Number. 
'This  will  employ  at  least  10  Men  constantly.  And  if  we  must 
'have  no  more,  who  must  then  take  care  of  the  Baggage  &  Provi- 
'sions  which  will  need  several  Horses,  &  in  such  Pathless  Woods, 
'each  Horse  must  be  led  by  a  carefull  Man,  or  the  Packs  will  soon 
'be  torn  off  their  Backs.    Then  besides  all  these,  some  Men  shou'd 


136  History  of  the  Dividing  Line 


[Continued  on  page  138] 


The  Secret  History  137 

"be  at  Leizure  to  hunt  &  keep  us  in  Meat,  for  which  our  whole 

"dependance  must  be  upon  the  Woods.    Nor  ought  we  in  an  Affair 

"of  so  much  Consequence,  be  ty'd  down  to  so  small  a  Number  of 

"Men,  as  will  be  exactly  requisite  for  the  dayly  business,  some 

"may  be  sick,  or  Lame,  or  otherwise  disabled.     In  such  an  Exi- 

"gence  must  we  return  Home,  for  want  of  Spare  Hands  to  supply 

"such  Misfortune?     Ought  we  not  to  go  provided  against  such 

"common  Disasters  as  these?     At  this  rate  we  shou'd  lose  more 

"in  the  length  of  time,  than  we  shou'd  save  by  the  shortness  of 

"our  Number,  which  wou'd  make  our  Frugality,  as  it  often  hap- 

"pens,  an  extravagant  Expence  to  Us.     Nor  wou'd  it  be  prudent 

"or  safe  to  go  so  far  above  the  Inhabitants,  without  a  competent 

"Number  of  Men  for  our  Defence.    We  shall  cross  the  Path,  which 

"the  Northern  Indians  Pass  to  make  War  upon  the  Catawba's, 

"&  shall  go  thro'  the  very  Woods  that  are  frequented  by  those 

"Straggling  Savages,  who  commit  so  many  Murders  upon  our 

"Frontiers.    We  ought  therefore  to  go  provided  with  a  Force  suf- 

"ficient  to  secure  us  from  falling  into  their  hands.    It  may  possibly 

"be  objected,  that  the  Carolina  Men  will  encrease  our  Number, 

"which  is  certain,  but  they  will  very  little  encrease  our  Force. 

"They  will  bring  more  Eaters  than  Fighters,  at  least  they  did  so 

"the  last  time,  and  if  they  shou'd  be  better  provided  with  Arms 

"now,  their  Commissioners  have  so  little  Command  over  the  Men, 

"that  I  expect  no  good  from  them  if  we  shou'd  be  so  unfortunate 

"as  to  be  attack't.     From  all  which  I  must  conclude,  that  our 

"safety,  our  Business,  &  the  Accidents  that  attend  it,  will  require 

"at  least  20  Men.    And  in  order  to  make  this  Number  more  use- 

"full,  there  ought  to  be  no  confusion  in  the  Command.     We  are 

"taught  both  by  reason  &  Experience,  that  when  any  Men  in  Arms 

"are  sent  on  an  Expedition,  they  ought  to  be  under  the  Command 

"of  one  Person  only.    For  shou'd  they  be  commanded  by  several 

"claiming  equal  Power,  the  Orders  given  by  so  many  might  happen 

"to  be  contradictory,  as  probably  they  wou'd  happen  to  be  in  our 

"Case.     The  consequence  of  which  must  follow,  that  the  Men 

"wou'd  not  know  whom  to  obey.    This  must  introduce  an  endless 

"distraction,  &  end  in  defeating  the  Business,  you  are  sending  us 

"about.     It  were  ridiculous  to  say  the  Command  ought  to  rest  in 

"the  Majority,  because  then  we  must  call  a  Council  every  time  any 

"Orders  are  to  be  issued.     It  wou'd  be  still  more  absurd  to  pro- 


138  History  of  the  Dividing  Line 


The  tenth  of  September  being  thought  a  little  too  soon  for  the  Com- 
missioners to  meet,  in  order  to  proceed  on  the  Line,  on  accomit  of 
Snakes,  'twas  agreed  to  put  it  off  to  the  twentieth  of  the  same  Month,  of 
which  due  Notice  was  sent  to  the  Carolina-Commissioners. 


The  Secret  History  139 

"pose,  that  such  Persons  claiming  equal  Power,  shou'd  command 
"by  Turns,  because  then  one  Commander  may  undo  this  day,  what 
"his  CoUegue  had  directed  the  day  before,  &  so  the  men  will  be 
"perplext  with  a  Succession  of  Jaring  Orders.  Besides  the  pre- 
"ference,  &  distinction  which  these  poor  Fellows  might  have  Rea- 
"son  to  shew  to  One  of  these  Kings  of  Branford,  may  be  punish't 
"by  the  other,  when  it  comes  to  his  turn  to  be  in  power.  This  be- 
"ing  the  Case,  what  Men  of  Spirit  or  Common  Sence  wou'd  list 
"themselves  under  such  uncertain  Command,  where  they  cou'd  not 
"know  whom  to  please,  or  whom  to  obey?  For  all  which  Reason 
"S""  I  must  conclude,  that  the  Command  of  the  Men  ought  to  rest 
"in  One  Person,  &  if  in  One,  then  without  Controversy  in  him 
"who  has  the  Honour  to  be  first  in  Commission. 

The  Council  as  well  as  the  Governor  was  convinc't  by  these 
Arguments,  &  unanimously  voted  20  Men  were  few  enough  to  go 
out  with  us,  &  thought  it  reasonable  that  the  Command  of  them 
shou'd  be  given  to  me,  as  being  the  first  in  Commission,  Fire- 
brand oppos'd  each  of  these  Points  with  all  his  Eloquence,  but  to 
little  purpose  no  Body  standing  by  him,  not  so  much  as  his  new 
Ally  the  Commissary.  He  seem'd  at  first  to  befriend  him  with 
a  Distinction,  which  he  made  between  the  day  of  Battle,  &  a  Day 
of  Business:  but  having  no  Second,  he  ran  with  the  Stream.  How- 
ever in  pure  Compassion  to  poor  Firebrand,  for  fear  he  shou'd 
want  somebody  to  run  of  his  Errands  for  him,  it  was  agreed  he 
shou'd  have  3  Men  to  fetch  &  carry  for  him. 

I  had  the  same  success  in  getting  the  day  of  Meeting  which  the 
Carolina  Commissioners  desired  might  be  put  off  till  the  20 
of  September,  notwithstanding  Firebrand  produced  Letters  from 
Mess'"'  Jumble  &  Shoebrush  that  they  had  not  desired  their  Col- 
legue  Plausible  to  procure  our  Rendezvous  to  be  deferr'd.  I  con- 
fronted these  Letters  with  that  Epistle  I  had  from  Plausible  which 
flatly  contradicted  them.  Thus  it  was  evident  there  was  a  Shame- 
full  untruth  on  one  Side  or  the  other,  but  if  we  consider  the  Charac- 
ters of  the  Men,  &  the  Influence  of  Firebrand  over  those  two, 
whose  Brothers  were  Collectors,  One  may  guess  where  it  lies, 
especially  since  this  was  not  the  first  time  their  Pens  had  been 
drawn  in  his  Service.  However  these  Letters  did  no  Service.  But 
the  Governor  declared  he  wou'd  write  to  S'  Richard  Everard,  that 


140  History  of  the  Dividing  Line 


[Continued  on  page  144] 


September]  The  Secret  History  141 

we  shou'd  meet  the  Commissioners  of  his  Government  on  the  20*^ 
of  September  with  20  Men.  How  much  the  Pride  of  Firebrand 
was  mortify'd  by  so  intire  a  Defeat  in  every  one  of  his  points, 
may  be  easily  guest  by  the  loud  Complaint  he  made  afterwards, 
how  unhumanely  the  Council  had  treated  him,  and  by  the  Pains 
he  took  with  the  Governor  to  get  the  Order  of  Council  soften'd 
with  relation  to  the  Command.  But  remembering  how  unjustly  he 
had  reproach't  me  with  having  taken  too  much  upon  me  in  our 
former  Trip  I  insisted  upon  the  Order  of  Council  in  the  fullest 
Extent.  Upon  seeing  me  so  Sturdy  he  declar'd  to  the  Governor, 
he  cou'd  not  go  on  such  dishonourable  Terms,  &  swore  to  others 
he  wou'd  not,  but  Interest  got  the  better  of  his  Oath  &  Honour 
too,  and  he  did  vouchsafe  to  go  at  last,  notwithstanding  all  the 
Disgraces  which  he  thought  had  been  put  upon  him.  From  hence 
we  may  fairly  conclude,  that  Pride  is  not  the  Strongest  of  his 
Passions,  tho'  strong  enough  to  make  him  both  ridiculous  &  de- 
testable. 

After  these  necessary  Matters  were  settled,  I  ordered  1000  lb 
of  Brown  Biscuit,  &  200  lb  of  white  to  be  provided,  &  6  Baggage 
Horses  to  carry  it,  at  the  rate  of  3  Baggs  containing  200  lb. 
each  Horse.  As  for  meat  I  intended  to  carry  none,  but  to  depend 
intirely  upon  Providence  for  it.  But  because  the  Game  was  not 
like  to  be  plentifull  till  we  got  above  the  Inhabitants,  I  directed 
all  the  men  to  find  themselves  with  10  day's  Provision.  I  augu- 
mented  my  Number  of  Men  to  17,  which  together  with  3  which 
Firebrand  undertook  to  get  made  up  the  Complement  of  20.  For 
these  I  provided  Ammunition  after  the  Rate  of  2'**  of  Powder  a 
Man,  with  Shot  in  proportion.  On  the  16*''  of  September  Mean- 
well  &  Astrolabe  came  to  my  House  in  Order  to  set  out  with  me 
the  day  following  towards  the  Place  of  Rendezvous. 

September 

17.  About  10  in  the  Morning  I  having  recommended  my  Wife 
&  Family  to  the  Protection  of  the  Almighty  past  the  River  with 
Mess"  Meanwell  &  Astrolabe  at  M""  Ravenscroft's  Landing.^^    He 


^  Reference  is  to  the  Maycox  plantation,  across  the  James  from  Westover,  which 
was  purchased  in  1723  by  Thomas  Ravenscroft.  In  the  late  eighteenth  century  it 
passed  into  the  ownership  of  David  Meade  who  made  it  one  of  the  famous  show 
places  of  Virginia.     See  Tyler,  Cradle  of  the  Republic,  p.  212. 


142  History  of  the  Dividing  Line 


[Continued  on  page  144] 


September]  The  Secret  History  143 

was  so  complaisant  as  to  accompany  us  as  far  as  the  New 
Church/^  where  8  of  our  Men  were  attending  for  us,  Namely, 
Peter  Jones,  George  Hamilton,  James  Patillo,  Thomas  Short,  John 
Ellis  Jun"",  Richard  Smith,  George  Tilman  &  Abraham  Jones.  The 
rest  were  to  meet  us  at  Kinchin's,  which  lay  more  convenient  to 
their  Habitations.  Only  I  had  order'd  3  of  them  who  were  absent 
to  convoy  the  Bread  Horses  thither,  the  nearest  Road  they  cou'd 
go,  namely  Thomas  Jones,  Thomas  Jones  Jun"",  &  Edward  Powel, 
to  the  last  of  which  the  Bread  Horses  belong'd. 

We  proceeded  with  the  8  Men  abovemention'd  to  CoP  Harvy 
Harrisons,^*^  where  our  Chaplain  D''  Humdrum  was  arriv'd  before 
us.  We  were  handsomely  entertain'd  &  after  Dinner  fumish't 
ourselves  with  several  small  Conveniences  out  of  the  Store,  There 
we  took  a  turn  to  the  Cold  Bath,  where  the  Col"  refreshes  him- 
self every  Morning.  This  is  about  5  Feet  Square,  &  as  many 
deep,  thro  which  a  pure  Stream  continually  passes,  &  is  cover'd 
with  a  little  House  just  big  enough  for  the  Bath  &  a  Fireing  Room. 
Our  Landlord  who  us'd  formerly  to  be  troubled  both  with  the 
Gripes  &  the  Gout,  fancys  he  receives  benefit  by  plunging  every 
day  in  cold  Water.  This  good  House  was  enough  to  spoil  us 
for  Woodsmen,  where  we  drank  Rack-Punch^^  while  we  sat  up, 
&  trod  on  Carpets  when  we  went  to  Bed. 

18.  Having  thankt  the  CoP  for  our  good  Cheer,  we  took  leave 
about  ten,  not  at  all  dismay'd  at  the  liklihood  of  Rain.  We 
travelled  after  the  Rate  of  4  Miles  an  Hour  passing  over  Black- 
water  Bridge,  &  ten  Miles  beyond  that  over  another  call'd  Assa- 
mousack  Bridge.  Then  we  filed  off  to  Richard  Parker's  Planta- 
tion, where  we  had  been  kindly  us'd  in  our  return  home.  We 
found  the  distance  24  Miles  going  a  little  astray  for  want  of  a 
Guide,  &  there  fell  a  Sort  of  Scots  Mist  all  the  way.  We  arriv'd 
about  5  a  Clock  &  found  things  in  much  disorder,  the  good  Wo- 
man being  lately  dead,  &  those  that  surviv'd  sick.     Pretty  Sally 


*°  Reference  is  probably  to  a   chapel   built   in    1723,   the   contractor   being   a   Mr. 
Thomas  Jefferson.    See  Meade,  Old  Churches,  Ministers  and  Families,  Vol.  I,  p.  440. 
°"  Henry  Harrison.     See  above,  note  44. 
"'^  A  beverage  containing  rum  distilled  from  molasses. 


144  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [September 


19.  We,  on  the  part  of  Virginia,  that  we  might  be  sure  to  be  pmictual, 
arriv'd  at  Mr.  Kinchin's,  the  place  appointed,  on  the  19th,  after  a  Journey 
of  three  days,  in  which  nothing  Remarkable  happen'd. 

We  found  three  of  the  Carolina-Commissioners  had  taken  Possession 
of  the  House,  having  come  thither  by  water  from  Edenton,  By  the  Great 
Quantity  of  Provisions  these  Gentlemen  brought,  and  the  few  men  they 
had  to  eat  them,  we  were  afraid  they  intended  to  carry  the  Line  to  the 
South  sea. 

They  had  500  lbs  of  bcaon  and  dry'd  Beef,  and  500  lbs  of  Bisket,  and 
not  above  three  or  four  men.  The  misfortime  was,  they  forgot  to  provide 
Horses  to  carry  their  good  things,  or  else  trusted  to  the  Incertainty  of 
hireing  them  here,  which,  considering  the  Place,  was  leaving  too  much  to 
that  Jilt,  Hazard. 

On  our  part  we  had  taken  better  Care,  being  completely  furnisht  with 
everything  necessary  for  transporting  our  Baggage  and  Provisions.  In- 
deed we  brought  no  other  Provisions  out  with  us  but  1000  lbs  of  Bread 
and  had  Faith  enough  to  depend  on  Providence  for  our  Meat,  being  desir- 
ous to  husband  the  publick  Money  as  much  as  possible. 

We  had  no  less  than  20  men,  besides  the  Chaplain,  the  Surveyors  and 
all  the  Servants,  to  be  Subsisted  upon  this  Bread.  However,  that  it 
might  hold  out  the  better,  our  men  had  been  Order'd  to  provide  themselves 
at  Home  with  Provision  for  Ten  days,  in  which  time  we  judg'd  we  should 
get  beyond  the  Inhabitants,  where  Forest-Game  of  all  sorts  was  like  to  be 
plenty  at  that  time  of  the  Year. 


September]  The  Secret  History  145 

had  lost  some  of  her  Bloom  by  an  Ague,  but  none  of  her  good 
humour.  They  entertain'd  us,  as  well  as  they  cou'd,  &  what  was 
wanting  in  good  cheer  was  made  up  in  good  humour. 

19.  About  10  this  Morning  we  wish't  Health  to  Sally  &  her 
Family,  &  forded  over  Notoway  River  at  Bolton's  Ferry,  the  water 
being  very  low.  We  call'd  upon  Samuel  Kindred  again  who  re- 
galed us  with  a  Beef  Steak,  &  our  Men  with  Syder.  Here  we  had 
like  to  have  listed  a  Mulatoo  Wench  for  Cook  to  the  Expedition, 
who  formerly  lived  with  Col°  Ludwell.  After  halting  here  about 
an  Hour,  we  pursued  our  Journey,  &  in  the  way  Richard  Smith 
Shew'd  me  the  Star-Root,^^  which  infallibly  cures  the  Bite  of  the 
Rattlesnake.  Nine  Miles  from  thence  we  forded  over  Meherin 
River  near  M''  Kinchin's,  believing  we  shou'd  be  at  the  place  of 
meeting  before  the  rest  of  the  Commissioners.  But  we  were  mis- 
taken, for  the  first  Sight  my  Eyes  were  blest  with,  was  that  of 
Orion,  &  finding  the  Shadow  there  I  knew  the  Substance  cou'd 
not  be  far  off. 

Three  Commissioners  on  the  Part  of  N.  Carolina  came  that 
Night,  tho'  Jumble  &  Fuzzlecause  were  orderd  by  their  Governor 
to  stay  behind,  lest  their  Gen\  Court  might  be  delay'd.  But  they 
came  notwithstanding,  in  the  Strength  of  their  Interest  with  the 
Council,  but  seem'd  afraid  of  being  pursued,  &  arrested.  They 
put  on  very  gracious  Countenances  at  our  first  greeting:  but  yet 
look't  a  little  conscious  of  having  acted  a  very  low  part  in  the 
Epistles  they  had  written.  For  my  part  I  was  not  Courtier  enough 
to  disguise  the  Sentiments  I  had  of  them  &  their  Slavish  proceed- 
ing, &  therefore  cou'd  not  smile  upon  those  I  despis'd.  Nor  cou'd 
I  behave  much  better  to  Firebrand  &  his  Eccho  Orion,  nevertheless 
I  constrain'd  myself  to  keep  up  a  stiff  Civility.  The  last  of  these 
Gentlemen  remembering  the  just  Provocation  he  had  given  me, 
thought  it  necessary  to  bring  a  Letter  from  the  Governor,  recom- 
mending him  to  my  favour  &  Protection.  This  therefore  had  the 
air  of  confessing  his  former  Errors,  which  made  me  after  some 
gentle  Reproofs,  assure  him,  he  shou'd  have  no  Reason  to  com- 
plain of  my  Treatment.    Tho'  I  carry'd  fair  weather  to  Firebrand, 


^  The  stargrass  or  colicroot,  a  shrub  bearing  white  or  yellow  flowers.    Its  roots  were 
used  medicinally. 


146  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [September 


20.  This  being  the  day  appointed  for  our  Rendezvous,  great  part  of  it 
was  Spent  in  the  careful  fixing  our  Baggage  and  Assembling  our  Men,  who 
were  order'd  to  meet  us  here.  We  took  care  to  examine  their  Arms,  and 
made  proof  of  the  Powder  provided  for  the  Expedition. 

Our  Provision-Horses  had  been  hinder'd  by  the  rain  from  coming  up 
exactly  at  the  Day;  but  this  Delay  was  the  less  Disappointment,  by  reason 
of  the  ten  days'  Subsistence  the  men  had  been  directed  to  provide  for 
themselves. 

Mr.  Moseley  did  not  join  us  till  the  afternoon,  nor  Mr.  Swan  till  Several 
Days  after. 

Mr.  Kinchin  had  unadvisedly  sold  the  Men  a  little  Brandy  of  his  own 
making,  which  produced  much  disorder,  causing  some  to  be  too  cholerick, 
and  others  too  loving;  Insomuch  that  a  Damsel,  who  assisted  in  the 
Kitchen,  had  certainly  Suffer'd  what  the  Nuns  call  Martyrdom,  had  she 
not  capitulated  a  little  too  soon. 

This  outrage  would  have  call'd  for  some  severe  Discipline,  had  she 
not  bashfully  withdrawn  herself  early  in  the  Morning,  &  so  carry'd  off 
the  Evidence. 


September]  The  Secret  History  147 

yet  Meanwell  cou'd  not,  but  all  Ceremony,  Notice,  &  Conversa- 
tion seem'd  to  be  cancell'd  betwixt  them.  I  caus'd  the  Tent  to  be 
pitch'd  in  the  Orchard,  Where  I  &  my  Company  took  up  Our 
Quarters,  leaving  the  House  to  Firebrand  &  his  Faction. 

20.  This  Morning  Meanwell  was  taken  a  Purging  &  vomiting  for 
which  I  dosed  him  with  Veal  Broth,  &  afterwards  advis'd  him  to  a 
Gallon  of  warm  Water,  which  finish't  his  Cure.  We  herded  very 
little  with  our  Brother  Commissioners  &  Meanwell  frankly  gave 
Jumble  to  understand,  that  we  resented  the  impertinent  Letters  he 
&  some  of  his  CoUegues  had  writ  to  Virginia.  He  made  a  very 
lame  Apology  for  it,  because  the  Case  wou'd  not  bear  a  good 
One.  He  &  his  Brethren  were  lamentably  puzzled  how  to  carry 
their  Baggage  &  Provisions.  They  had  brought  them  up  by  Water 
near  this  Place  &  had  depended  on  fortune  to  get  Horses  there  to 
carry  them  forward.  I  believe  too  they  rely'd  a  little  upon  us 
to  assist  them,  but  I  was  positive  not  to  carry  One  Pound  Weight. 
We  had  Luggage  enough  for  our  own  Horses,  &  as  our  Provisions 
lighten'd,  the  shortness  of  their  Provenders  wou'd  require  them 
to  be  lighten'd  too.  I  was  not  so  complaisant  to  these  worthy 
Gentlemen  as  Firebrand  for  he  brought  a  Tent  for  them  out  of  the 
Magazine  at  Williamsburgh,  to  requite  the  dirty  work  they  had 
been  always  ready  to  do  for  him.  At  last  they  hired  something 
like  a  Cart  to  carry  their  Lumber  as  far  as  it  cou'd  go  towards 
Roanoke  River. 

In  the  Evening  6  more  of  our  Men  join'd  us,  namely,  Robert 
Hix,  John  Evans,  Stephen  Evans,  Charles  Kimball,  Thomas  Wil- 
son, &  William  Pool,  but  the  3  Men  that  conducted  the  Bread- 
Horses,  came  not  up  as  yet,  which  gave  me  some  Uneasiness  tho' 
I  concluded  they  had  been  stop't  by  the  Rain.  Just  after  Sunset 
Cap*  Hix  &  Cap*  Drury  Stith^^  arriv'd  &  made  us  the  complement 
to  attend  us  as  far  as  Roanoke.  The  last  of  these  Gentlemen  bear- 
ing some  Resemblance  to  S""  Richard  Everard  put  Mess"  Jumble 
&  Puzzlecause  into  a  Panick  lest  the  Knight  was  come  to  put  a 
Stop  to  their  Journey.  My  Landlord  had  unluckily  sold  our  Men 
some  Brandy,  which  produced  much  disorder,  making  some  too 
Cholerick,  and  others  too  loving.     (So  that  a  Damsel  who  came 

"Colonel   Drury   Stith,   SheriflF   of   Charles   City   County   in    1719-20   and    1724-25, 
He  removed  to  Brunswick  County  and  was  its  first  County  Clerk. 


148  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [September 


21.  We  despatcht  away  the  Surveyors  without  Loss  of  Time,  who, 
with  all  their  diligence,  could  carry  the  Line  no  farther  than  3  Miles  and 
176  Poles,  by  reason  the  Low-Ground  was  one  entire  Thicket.  In  that  dis- 
tance they  crost  Meherin  River  the  4th  time.  In  the  mean  while  the 
Virginia-Commissioners  thought  proper  to  conduct  their  Baggage  a  farther 
way  about,  for  the  Convenience  of  a  clearer  Road. 

The  Carolina-Gentlemen  did  at  length,  more  by  Fortune  than  forecast, 
hire  a  clumsy  Vehicle,  something  like  a  cart,  to  transport  their  Effects  as 
far  as  Roanoak.  This  wretched  Machine,  at  first  Setting  out,  met  with  a 
very  rude  choque,  that  broke  a  Case-Bottle  of  Cherry  Brandy  in  so  un- 
lucky a  Manner  that  not  one  precious  Drop  was  saved.  This  Melancholy 
Beginning  forboded  an  unprosperous  Journey,  and  too  quick  a  Return, 
to  the  Persons  most  immediately  concem'd. 

In  our  way  we  crosst  Fountain's  Creek,  which  runs  into  Meherin  River, 
so  call'd  from  the  disaster  of  an  unfortunate  Indian  Trader  who  had 
formerly  been  drowned  in  it,  and,  like  Icarus,  left  his  Name  to  that  fatal 
stream.  We  took  up  our  Quarters  on  the  Plantation  of  John  Hill,  where 
we  pitcht  our  Tent,  with  design  to  tarry  till  such  time  as  the  Surveyors 
cou'd  work  their  way  to  us. 

22.  This  being  Sunday,  we  had  an  Opportunity  of  resting  from  our 
Labours.  The  expectation  of  such  a  Novelty  as  a  Sermon  in  these  Parts 
brought  together  a  Numerous  Congregation.  When  the  Sermon  was  over 
our  Chaplain  did  his  part  towards  making  Eleven  of  them  Christians. 

Several  of  our  men  had  Intermitting  feavers,  but  were  soon  restor'd 
to  their  Health  again  by  proper  Remedies.  Our  chief  Medicine  was  Dog- 
wood Bark,^^  which  we  used,  instead  of  that  of  Peru,  with  good  Success. 
Indeed,  it  was  given  in  larger  Quanty,  but  then,  to  make  the  Patients 
amends,  they  swallowed  much  fewer  Doses. 


'^  The  Cornus  florida,  used  widely  in  the  antebellum  South  in  treatment  of  fevers 
and  as  a  tonic.  See  Porcher,  F.  A.,  Resources  of  Southern  Fields  and  Forests. 
(1863),  pp.  59-61. 


September]  The  Secret  History  149 

to  assist  in  the  Kitchen  wou'd  certainly  have  been  ravish't,  if  her 
timely  consent  had  not  prevented  the  Violence.  Nor  did  my  Land- 
lady think  herself  safe  in  the  hands  of  such  furious  Lovers,  and 
therefore  fortify'd  her  Bed  chamber  &  defended  it  with  a 
Chamber-Pot  charg'd  to  the  Brim  with  Female  Ammunition.  I 
never  cou'd  learn  who  the  Ravisher  was;  because  the  Girl  had 
walk't  off  in  the  Morning  early,  but  Firebrand  &  his  Servant  were 
the  most  suspected,  having  been  engag'd  in  those  kind  of  Assaults 
once  before.    In  the  Morning  Meanwell  join'd  us. 

21.  We  sent  away  the  Surveyors  about  9  who  could  carry  the 
Line  no  more  than  3^/2  Miles  because  the  Low*  Grounds  were 
cover'd  with  Thickets.  As  soon  as  we  had  paid  a  very  exorbitant 
Bill,  and  the  Carolina  Men  had  loaded  their  Vehickle  &  dispos'd 
of  their  Lumber,  we  mounted,  &  conducted  our  Baggage  about 
10  Miles.  We  took  up  our  Quarters  at  the  Plantation  of  John  HiU, 
where  we  pitch't  our  Tent  with  design  to  rest  there  'til  Monday. 
This  Man's  House  was  so  poorly  fumish't,  that  Firebrand  &  his 
Carolina  Train  cou'd  not  find  in  their  Hearts  to  lodge  in  it,  so 
we  had  the  Pleasure  of  their  Company  in  the  Camp.  They  per- 
fumed the  Tent  with  their  Rum  Punch,  &  hunted  the  poor  Parson 
with  their  unseemly  Jokes,  which  tum'd  my  Stomach  as  much 
as  their  Fragrant  Liquor.  I  was  grave  &  speechless  the  whole 
Evening,  &  retired  early,  by  all  which,  I  gave  them  to  understand, 
I  was  not  fond  of  the  Conversation  of  those  whose  Wit,  like  the 
Commons  at  the  University  &  Inns  of  Court  is  eternally  the  same. 

22.  This  being  Sunday  we  had  a  large  Congregation,  &  tho'  there 
were  many  Females,  we  saw  but  one  Beauty  bright  enough  to  disturb 
our  devotions.  Our  Parson  made  11  Christians.  M""  Hill  made 
heavy  complaint  that  our  Horses  did  much  Damage  to  his  Corn- 
Field.  Upon  which  I  order'd  those  that  were  most  Vicious  that 
way  to  be  ty'd  up  to  their  good  Behaviour.  Among  these  Hum- 
drum's &  Astrolabes  were  the  greatest  Trespassers.  After  Church 
I  gave  John  Ellis  a  Vomit  for  his  Ague  with  good  Success,  &  was 
forc'd  myself  to  soften  my  Bowels  with  Veal  Broth  for  a  Loose- 
ness. I  also  recommended  Warm-Water  to  Cap*  Stith  for  the 
Cholick,  which  gave  him  immediate  Ease. 


150  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [September 

In  the  afternoon  our  Provision-Horses  arrived  Safe  in  the  Camp.  They 
had  met  with  very  heavy  Rains,  but,  thank  God,  not  a  Single  Bisket  le- 
ceiv'd  the  least  Damage  thereby. 

We  were  furnisht  by  the  Neighbours  with  very  lean  Cheese  and  very 
fat  Mutton,  upon  which  occasion  twill  not  be  improper  to  draw  one  con- 
clusion, from  the  Evidence  of  North  Carolina,  that  Sheep  would  thrive 
much  better  in  the  Woods  than  in  Pasture  Land,  provided  a  careful 
Shepherd  were  employed  to  keep  them  from  Straying,  and,  by  the  help 
of  Dogs,  to  protect  them  also  from  the  wolves. 

23.  The  Surveyors  came  to  us  at  Night,  tho'  they  had  not  brought  the 
Line  so  far  as  our  Camp,  for  which  reason  we  thought  it  needless  to  go 
forward  till  they  came  up  with  us.  They  cou'd  run  no  more  than  4  Miles 
and  5  Poles,  because  the  Ground  was  every  where  grown  up  with  thick 
Bushes. 

The  Soil  here  appear'd  to  be  very  good,  tho'  much  broken  betwixt 
Fountain  creek  and  Roanoak  River.  The  Line  crost  Meherin  the  5th  and 
last  time,  nor  were  our  People  sorry  to  part  with  a  Stream  the  Meanders 
of  which  had  given  them  so  much  Trouble. 

Our  Hunters  brought  us  four  wild  Turkeys,  which  at  that  Season  began 
to  be  fat  and  very  delicious,  especially  the  Hens. 

These  Birds  seem  to  be  of  the  Bustard  kind,  and  fly  heavily.  Some 
of  them  are  exceedingly  large,  and  weigh  upwards  of  40  Pounds;  Nay, 
some  bold  Historians  venture  to  say,  upwards  of  50.  They  run  very  fast, 
stretching  forth  their  Wings  all  the  time,  like  the  Ostrich,  by  way  of  Sails 
to  quicken  their  Speed. 

They  roost  commonly  upon  very  high  Trees,  Standing  near  some 
River  or  Creek,  and  are  so  stupify'd  at  the  Sight  of  Fire,  that  if  you  make 
a  Blaze  in  the  Night  near  the  Place  where  they  roost,  you  may  fire  upon 
them  Several  times  successively,  before  they  will  dare  to  fly  away. 

Their  Spurs  are  so  Sharp  and  Strong  that  the  Indians  used  formerly  to 
point  their  Arrows  with  them,  tho'  now  they  point  them  with  a  Sharp  white 
Stone.  In  the  Spring  the  Turkey-Cocks  begin  to  gobble,  which  is  the 
Language  wherein  they  make  Love. 

It  rain'd  very  hard  in  the  Night,  with  a  violent  Storm  of  Thunder  and 
Lightening,  which  oblig'd  us  to  trench  in  our  Tent  all  round,  to  carry  ofif 
the  Water  that  fell  upon  it. 

24.  So  soon  as  the  men  could  dry  their  Blankets,  we  sent  out  the 
Surveyors,  who  now  meeting  with  more  favourable  Grounds,  advanc'd  the 
line  7  Miles  and  82  Poles.  However,  the  Commissioners  did  not  think 
proper  to  decamp  that  day,  believing  they  might  easily  overtake  the  Sur- 
veyors the  next.  In  the  mean  time  they  sent  out  some  of  their  most 
expert  Gunners,  who  brought  in  four  more  wild  Turkeys. 


September]  The  Secret  History  151 

In  the  Afternoon  our  3  Men  arriv'd  with  the  Bread-Horses,  hav- 
ing been  kept  so  long  behind  by  the  Rain,  but  thank  God  it  had 
receiv'd  no  Damage.  I  took  a  walk  with  Plausible,  &  told  him  of 
the  Letter  his  Collegues  had  writ,  to  falsify  what  he  had  told  me 
concerning  their  Request,  to  put  off  the  time  of  our  Meeting,  He 
justify'd  his  own  Veracity,  but  shew'd  too  much  Cold  Blood  in 
not  been  (sic)  piqued  at  so  flagrant  an  Injury.  Firebrand  &  his 
Followers  had  smelt  out  a  House  about  half  a  Mile  off,  to  which 
they  sent  for  the  Silver  Bowl,  &  spent  the  Evening  by  themselves 
both  to  their  own  Statisfaction  &  ours.  We  hoped  to  be  rid  of 
them  for  all  night,  but  they  found  the  way  to  the  Camp  just  after 
we  were  gone  to  Bed,  &  Firebrand  hindered  us  from  going  to  sleep 
so  soon,  by  his  Snoring  &  swearing. 

23.  We  continu'd  in  our  Camp,  &  sent  the  Surveyors  back  to 
the  Place  where  they  left  off.  They  cou'd  run  the  Line  no  more 
than  4  Miles  by  reason  that  it  was  overgrown  with  Bushes.  I  sent 
several  of  the  Men  out  a  Hunting  &  they  brought  us  4  Wild  Tur- 
keys. Old  Cap*  Hix  kill'd  2  of  them,  who  tum'd  his  Hand  to  every- 
thing notwithstanding  his  great  Age,  disdaining  to  be  thought  the 
worse  for  Threescore  &  ten.  Beauty  never  appear'd  better  in  Old 
Age,  with  a  Ruddy  complexion,  &  Hair  as  white  as  Snow.  It  rain'd 
a  little  in  the  Evening,  but  did  not  hinder  our  Rum-Commissioners 
from  Stepping  over  to  John  Hill's  to  swill  their  Punch,  leaving 
the  Tent  clear  to  Us.  After  Midnight,  it  rain'd  very  hard  with 
a  Storm  of  Thunder  &  Lightening,  which  oblidged  us  to  trench  iii 
our  Tent  to  cast  off  the  Water.  The  Line  crost  Meherin  5  times  in 
all.      . 

24.  So  Soon  as  the  Men  cou'd  dry  their  Blankets,  we  sent  away 
the  Surveyor  who  made  a  Shift  to  carry  the  Line  7  Miles.  But 
we  thought  it  proper  not  to  decamp  believing  we  might  easily  over- 
take the  Surveyors  before  to  Morrow  Night.  Our  Shooters  kill'd 
4  more  Wild  Turkeys.  Meanwell  &  Cap*  Stith  pretended  to  go 
a  hunting,  but  their  Game  was  2  fresh  colour'd  Wenches,  which 
were  not  hard  to  hunt  down.  The  Neighbours  supply'd  us  with 
pretty  good  Cheese  &  very  fat  Mutton.  I  order'd  a  View  of  John 
Hill's  Damage  in  his  Com  field,  &  paid  him  for  6  Barrels  on 


152  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [September 

This  part  of  the  Country  being  very  proper  for  raising  Cattle  and  Hogs, 
we  observ'd  the  Inhabitants  lived  in  great  plenty  without  killing  them- 
selves with  Labour. 

I  found  near  our  Camp  some  Plants  of  that  kind  of  Rattle-Snake  Root, 
called  Star-grass. ^^  The  Leaves  shoot  out  circularly,  and  grow  Horizon- 
tally and  near  the  Groimd.  The  Root  is  in  Shape  not  unlike  the  Rattle  of 
that  Serpent,  and  is  a  Strong  Antidote  against  the  bite  of  it.  It  is  very 
bitter,  and  where  it  meets  with  any  Poison,  works  by  Violent  Sweats,  but 
where  it  meets  with  none,  has  no  Sensible  Operation  but  that  of  putting  the 
Spirits  into  a  great  Hurry,  and  so  of  promoting  Perspiration. 

The  Rattle-snake  has  an  utter  Antipathy  to  this  Plant,  insomuch  that 
if  you  Smear  your  hands  with  the  Juice  of  it,  you  may  handle  the  Viper 
Safely.  Thus  much  I  can  say  of  my  own  Experience,  that  once  in  July, 
when  these  Snakes  are  in  their  greatest  Vigour,  I  besmear'd  a  Dog's  Nose 
with  the  Powder  of  this  Root,  and  made  him  trample  on  a  large  Snake 
Several  times,  which,  however,  was  so  far  from  biting  him,  that  it  per- 
fectly Sicken'd  at  the  Dog's  Approach,  and  turn'd  its  Head  from  him  with 
the  Utmost  Aversion, 

Our  Chaplain,  to  shew  his  Zeal,  made  an  excursion  of  6  Miles  to  christen 
2  children,  but  without  the  least  regard  to  the  good  Chear  at  these 
Solemnities. 

25.  The  Surveyors  taking  the  Advantage  of  clear  Woods,  pusht  on  the 
Line  7  Miles  and  40  Poles.  In  the  mean  time  the  Commissioners  marcht 
with  the  Baggage  about  12  miles,  and  took  up  their  Quarters  near  the 
Banks  of  the  Beaver  Pond,  (which  is  one  Branch  of  Fountain's  creek,) 
just  by  the  place  where  the  Surveyors  were  to  finish  their  day's  work. 

In  our  march  one  of  the  men  kill'd  a  Small  Rattle-Snake,  which  had  no 
more  than  two  Rattles.  Those  Vipers  remain  in  Vigour  generally  till 
towards  the  End  of  September,  or  Sometimes  later,  if  the  Weather  continue 
a  little  warm.  On  this  consideration  we  had  provided  three  Several  Sorts 
of  Rattle-Snake-Root,  made  up  into  proper  Doses,  and  ready  for  im- 
mediate use,  in  case  any  one  of  the  Men  or  their  Horses  had  been  bitten. 

We  crosst  Fountain's  Creek  once  more  in  our  Journey  this  day,  and 
found  the  Grounds  very  Rich,  notwithstanding  they  were  broken  and 
Stony. 

Near  the  place  where  we  encampt  the  county  of  Brunswick  is  divided 
ftom  the  Isle  of  Wight.  These  Counties  run  quite  on  the  back  of  Surry 
and  Prince  George,  and  are  laid  out  in  very  irregular  Figures. 

As  a  Proof  the  Land  mended  hereabouts,  we  found  the  Plantations 
began  to  grow  thicker  by  much  than  we  had  found  them  lower  down. 

26.  We  hurry'd  away  the  Surveyors  without  Loss  of  time,  who  ex- 


"  Byrd  here  confuses  two  herbs.     Rattlesnake  Root  is  the  Prenanthes  Serpentaria, 
tribe  of  Chichoriaeceae;  Stargrass  belongs  to  the  tribe  Hypoxidae. 


September]  The  Secret  History  153 

that  Account.  Firebrand  instructed  one  of  the  3  Men  which  he 
listed  on  the  Publick  Service  to  call  him  Master,  thereby  en- 
deavouring to  pass  him  on  the  Carolina  Commissioners  for  his 
Servant,  that  he  might  seem  to  have  as  many  Servants  as  Steddy, 
but  care  was  taken  to  undeceive  them  in  this  matter  &  expose  his 
Vanity.  The  Carolina  Men  liv'd  at  Rack  &  Manager^^  without  any 
Sort  of  Occonomy,  thereby  shewing  they  intended  not  to  go  very 
far  with  us,  tho'  we  took  time  to  set  them  a  better  example.  Our 
Chaplain  had  leave  to  go  home  with  Robert  Hix,  who  lived  no  more 
than  6  Miles  from  this  place  to  christen  his  Child  &  the  Old  Captain 
went  along  with  them.  We  had  the  comfort  to  have  the  Tent  to 
ourselves,  the  Knights  of  the  Rum-Cask  retiring  in  the  Evening 
to  the  House,  &  wasting  the  Liquor  &  double  refined  Sugar  as  fast 
as  they  cou'd. 

25.  Our  Surveyors  proceeded  to  run  little  more  than  7  Miles. 
Firebrand  &  his  Gang  got  out  this  Morning  before  us,  on  pretence 
of  providing  our  Dinner;  but  they  outrid  the  Man  that  carry'd 
the  Mutton,  &  he  not  knowing  the  way  was  lost,  so  that  instead  of 
having  our  Dinner  sooner,  we  run  a  hazard  of  having  none  at  all. 
We  came  up  to  them  about  4  a  Clock  &  thank't  them  for  the  pru- 
dent care  they  had  taken.  This  was  a  Sample  of  these  Gentlemen's 
Management,  whenever  they  undertook  anything.  We  encampt 
near  Beaver  Pond  Creek,  &  on  our  Way  thither  Peter  Jones  kill'd 
a  small  Rattlesnake.  The  Surveyors  made  an  End  very  near 
where  we  lay.  Orion  was  exceedingly  awkward  at  his  Business, 
that  Astrolabe  was  obliged  to  do  double  Duty.  There  being  no 
house  at  hand  to  befriend  us,  we  were  forced  to  do  pennance  at  the 
Tent  with  the  Topers. 

26.  This  Morning  we  dispatch't  the  Surveyors  early,  &  they  ran 
about  10%  Miles.  By  the  way  the  Men  that  were  with  him  kill'd 
2  large  Rattlesnakes.  Will  Pool  trod  upon  one  of  them  without 
receiving  any  hurt,  &  2  of  the  Chain  Carriers  had  march't  over 
the  other,  but  he  was  so  civil  as  to  bite  neither  of  them,  however 
one  of  these  Vipers  struck  at  Wilson's  horse,  and  misst  him.  So 
many  Escapes  were  very  providential,  tho'  the  Danger  proves, 
that  my  Argument  for  putting  off  our  Business  was  not  without 


'Without  economy  or  restraint. 


154  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [September 

tended  the  Line  10  Miles  and  160  Poles,  the  Grounds  proving  dry  and 
free  from  Under-woods.  By  the  way  the  chain-carriers  kill'd  two  more 
Rattle-Snakes,  which  I  own  was  a  little  ungrateful,  because  two  or  three 
of  the  Men  had  Strided  over  them  without  receiving  any  Hurt;  tho'  one  of 
these  Vipers  had  made  bold  to  Strike  at  one  of  the  Baggage  Horses,  as  he 
went  along,  but  by  good  Luck  his  Teeth  only  grazed  on  the  hoof,  without 
doing  him  any  Damage.  However,  these  Accidents  were,  I  think,  so  many 
Arguments  that  we  had  very  good  Reason  to  defer  our  coming  out  till  the 
20th  of  September. 

We  observ'd  Abundance  of  St.  Andrew's  Cross^^  in  all  the  Woods  we 
passed  thro',  which  is  the  common  Remedy  used  by  the  Indian  traders  to 
cure  their  horses  when  they  are  bitten  by  Rattle-Snakes. 

It  grows  on  a  Strait  Stem,  about  18  Inches  high,  and  bears  a  Yellow 
Flower  on  the  Top,  that  has  an  Eye  of  Black  in  the  Middle,  with  Several 
Pairs  of  Narrow  Leaves  Shooting  out  at  right  Angles  from  the  Stalk  over 
against  one  another. 

This  Antidote  grows  Providentially  all  over  the  Woods,  and  upon  all 
Sorts  of  Soil,  that  it  may  be  every  where  at  hand  in  Case  a  Disaster 
should  Happen,  and  may  be  had  all  the  hot  Months  while  the  Snakes  are 
dangerous. 

About  four  a'clock  in  the  Afternoon  we  took  up  our  Quarters  upon 
Caban  Branch,  Avhich  also  discharges  itself  into  Fountain  Creek.  On  our 
way  we  observed  Several  Meadows  cloth'd  with  very  rank-Grass,  and 
Branches  full  of  tall  Reeds,  in  which  Cattle  keep  themselves  fat  good  part 
of  the  Winter.  But  Hogs  are  as  injurious  to  both  as  Goats  ere  said 
to  be  to  Vines,  and  for  that  Reason  it  was  not  lawful  to  Sacrifice  them  to 
Bacchus.  We  halted  by  the  way  to  Christen  two  Child rjn  at  a  Spring, 
where  their  Mothers  waylaid  us  for  that  good  Purpose. 

27.  It  was  ten  of  the  clock  before  the  Surveyors  got  to  work,  because 
some  of  the  Horses  had  straggled  to  a  great  Distance  from  the  Camp. 
Nevertheless,  meting  with  Practicable  Woods,  they  advanct  the  Line  9 
Miles  and  104  Poles.  We  crosst  over  Pea-Creek  about  four  Miles  from 
our  Quarters,  and  three  Miles  farther,  Lizzard-Creek,  both  which  empty 
their  Waters  into  Roanoak  River. 

Between  these  two  Creeks  a  poor  Man  waited  for  us  with  five  Children 
to  be  baptiz'd,  and  we  halted  till  the  Ceremony  was  ended.  The  Land 
seem'd  to  be  very  good,  by  the  largeness  of  the  Trees,  tho'  very  Stony. 
We  proceeded  as  far  as  Pidgeon-Roost-Creek,  which  also  runs  into 
Roanoak,  and  there  Quarter'd. 

We  had  not  the  pleasure  of  the  Company  of  any  of  the  Carolina- 
Commissioners  in  this  day's  March,  except  Mr.  Moseley's,  the  rest  tarrying 
behind  to  wait  the  coming  up  of  their  Baggage-Cart,  which  they  had  now 


'  See  note  56,  Secret  History. 


September]  The  Secret  History  155 

Foundation.  We  march't  upon  the  Line  after  the  Surveyors,  & 
about  4  a  Clock  encampt  upon  Cabin  Branch,  which  is  one  of 
the  Branches  of  Fountain's  Creek.  Before  we  sat  off  this  Morn- 
ing, we  christen'd  2  Children.  One  of  them  was  brought  by  a 
Modest  Lass,  who  being  asked  how  she  liked  Captain  Stiff  reply'd 
not  at  all,  nor  Cap*  Limber  neither,  meaning  Orion.  We  saw 
Abundance  of  Ipocoaceanna  in  the  Woods,  &  the  Fern  Rattlesnake 
Root,^^  which  is  said  to  be  the  strongest  Antidote  against  the  Bite 
of  that  Viper.  And  we  saw  S*  Andrew's-Cross*^*^  almost  every 
Step  we  went,  which  serves  for  the  same  Purpose.  This  Plant 
grows  on  all  kinds  of  Soil,  every  where  at  hand  during  the  Sum- 
mer months,  when  the  Snakes  have  Vigour  enough  to  do  Mischief. 
Old  Capt.  Hix  entertain'd  us  with  One  of  his  Trading  Songs, 
which  he  quaver'd  out  most  Melodiously  &  put  us  all  into  a  good 
humour. 


27.  We  sent  away  the  Surveyors  before  10  a  Clock  &  follow'd 
with  the  Baggage  at  11.  But  Firebrand  thought  proper  to  re- 
main with  3  of  the  Carolina  Commissioners  til  their  Cart  came  up, 
&  took  it  ill  that  we  tarry'd  not  with  them  likewise.  But  I  cou'd 
not  complement  away  our  Time  at  that  Rate.  Here  they  made 
broad  Hints  to  carry  some  of  their  Luggage  for  them,  I  wou'd 
put  not  such  hardships  upon  our  Men,  who  had  all  enough  to 
carry  of  their  Own,  so  we  left  them  there,  to  make  the  best  shift 
they  cou'd,  &  follow'd  the  Line  with  all  Diligence.  We  past  Pea- 
hill-Creek,  &  sometime  after  Lizzard  Creek,  which  empties  itself 


^An  herb  of  the  chicory  family.  Its  milky  juice  was  taken  internally  and  its 
leaves  when  steeped,  were  applied  externally  in  the  treatment  of  snake  wounds. 

^A  small  plant  of  the  St.  Johns-wort  family,  so  called  because  its  petals  open 
into  shape  like  the  St.  Andrews  cross. 


156  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [September 

not  seen  nor  heard  (though  the  Wheels  made  a  Dismal  Noise)  for  several 
days  past. 

Indeed  it  was  a  very  diEScult  Undertaking  to  conduct  a  Cart  thro'  such 
pathless  and  perplext  Woods,  and  no  wonder  if  its  Motion  was  a  little 
Planetary.  We  would  have  payd  them  the  Complement  of  waiting  for 
them,  cou'd  we  have  done  it  at  any  other  Expense  but  that  of  the  Publick. 

In  the  Stony  Grounds  we  rode  over  we  found  great  Quantity  of  the  true 
Ipocoacanna,^^  which  in  this  part  of  the  World  is  call'd  Indian-Physick. 
This  has  Several  Stalks  growing  up  from  the  Same  Root  about  a  Foot 
high,  bearing  a  Leaf  resembling  that  of  a  Straw-Berry.  It  is  not  so  strong 
as  that  from  Brazil,  but  has  the  same  happy  Effects,  If  taken  in  Somewhat 
a  larger  Dose.  It  is  an  Excellent  Vomit,  and  generally  cures  intermitting 
Fevers  and  Bloody  Fluxes  at  once  or  twice  taking.  There  is  abundance 
of  it  in  the  upper  part  of  the  Country,  where  it  delights  most  in  a  Stony 
Soil   intermixt   with   black   Mold. 

28.  Our  Surveyors  got  early  to  work,  yet  cou'd  forward  the  Line  but  6 
miles  and  121  Poles,  because  of  the  uneven  Grounds  in  the  Neighbourhood 
of  Roanoak,  which  they  crosst  in  this  Day's  work. 

In  that  Place  the  River  is  49  Poles  wide,  and  rolls  down  a  crystal  Stream 
of  very  Sweet  water.  Insomuch  that  when  there  comes  to  be  a  great 
Monarch  in  this  Part  of  the  World,  he  will  cause  all  the  Water  for  his  own 
Table  to  be  brought  from  Roanoak,  as  the  great  Kings  of  Persia  did  theirs 
from  the  Nile  and  Choaspis,  because  the  Waters  of  those  Rivers  were  light, 
and  not  apt  to  corrupt. ^^ 

The  great  Falls  of  Roanoak  lie  about  20  Miles  lower,  to  which  a  Sloop 
of  Moderate  Burthen  may  come  up.  There  are,  besides  these,  many 
Smaller  Falls  above,  tho'  none  that  entirely  intercept  the  Passage  of  the 
River,  as  the  great  Ones  do,  by  a  Chain  of  Rocks  for  8  Miles  together. 

The  River  forks  about  36  Miles  higher,  and  both  Branches  are  pretty 
equal  in  Breadth  where  they  divide,  tho'  the  Southern,  now  call'd  the 
Dan,  runs  up  the  farthest.  That  to  the  North  runs  away  near  North- 
west, and  is  call'd  the  Staunton,  and  heads  not  far  from  the  Source  of 
Appamatuck  River,  while  the  Dan  stretches  away  pretty  near  West  &  runs 
clear  thro'  the  great  Mountains. 

We  did  not  follow  the  Surveyors  till  towards  Noon,  being  detain'd  in 
our  camp  to  Christen  Several  more  Children.  We  were  conducted  a 
nearer  way,  by  a  famous  Woodsman,  call'd  Epaphroditus  Bainton.  This 
Forester  Spends  all  his  time  in  ranging  the  Woods,  and  is  said  to  make 


™  The  herb  Gillenia,  which  corresponds  to  the  Epecacuanha  of  Brazil,  from  which 
the  drug  epecac  is  derived.  It  was  also  used  as  a  tonic  and  as  a  remedy  for  milk 
sickness. 

"  "The  same  humor  prevails  at  this  day  in  the  Kings  of  Denmark  who  order  all  the 
East  India  Ships  of  that  nation  to  call  at  the  Cape  of  Good  Hope  and  take  in  a  But  of 
Water  from  a  Spring  on  the  Table  Hill,  and  bring  it  to  Coppenhagen  for  their 
Majesty's  own  Drinking."     (Byrd's  Note). 


September]  The  Secret  History  157 

into  Roanoke  River.  Here  we  halted  'til  our  Chaplain  baptized 
5  Children.  Then  we  proceeded  to  Pigeon-Roost  Creek,  where  we 
took  up  our  Quarters,  having  carry'd  the  Line  above  9  Miles. 


28.  We  hurry'd  away  the  Surveyors,  who  cou'd  run  no  more 
than  6  Miles  because  of  the  Uneven  Grounds  near  Roanoke-River. 
We  did  not  follow  with  the  Baggage  til  10,  being  staid  to  christen 
6  Children,  &  to  discourse  a  very  civil  Old  Fellow,  who  brought  us 
2  fat  Shoats  for  a  present.  The  Name  of  our  Benefactor  was 
Epaphroditus  Bainton,  who  is  Young  enough  at  60  Years  of  Age, 
to  keep  a  Concubine,  &  to  Walk  25  miles  in  a  day.  He  has  for- 
sworn ever  getting  on  a  Horse  back,  being  once  in  Danger  of 
breaking  his  Neck  by  a  fall.  He  spends  most  of  his  time  in  hunt- 
ing &  ranging  the  Woods,  killing  generally  more  than  100  Deer 
in  a  Year.  He  pretends  to  Skill  in  the  Virtues  of  many  Plants, 
but  I  cou'd  learn  nothing  of  that  kind  from  him.  This  Man  was 
our  Guide  to  Maj"^  Mumford's  Plantation,^^  under  the  Care  of 
Miles  Riley,  where  we  were  regaled  with  Milk,  Butter,  &  many 
other  Refreshments.  The  Maj^  had  order'd  some  Wine  to  be 
lodged  here  for  us,  &  a  fat  Steer  to  be  at  our  Service;  but  the  last 
we  refus'd  with  a  great  many  thanks.  From  hence  we  continu'd 
our  Journey  to  the  Canoe-Landing  upon  Roanoke  River,  where 
Young  Mumford  &  M""  Walker  met  us.  Here  we  ferry'd  over 
our  Baggage  &  our  Persons,  ordering  the  men  with  the  Horses  to 
the  Ford  near  a  mile  higher,  which  leads  to  the  Trading  Path. 
Here  my  Old  Friend  Cap*  Hix  took  his  Leave  committing  us  to 


^''Robert  Mumford  (Munford),  Justice  and  Colonel  of  Militia  in  Prince  George 
County,  vestryman  of  Bruton  Parish,  and  member  of  the  House  of  Burgesses  in 
1720-22. 


158  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [September 

great  Havock  among  the  Deer,  and  other  Inhabitants  of  the  Forest,  not 
much  wilder  than  Himself. 

We  proceeded  to  the  Canoe-Landing  on  Roanoak,  where  we  passt  the 
River  with  the  Baggage.  But  the  Horses  were  directed  to  a  Ford  about  a 
Mile  higher,  call'd  by  the  Indians  Moni-seep,^^  which  signifies,  in  their 
Jargon,  Shallow  Water.  This  is  the  Ford  where  the  Indian-Traders  used 
to  cross  with  their  Horses,  in  their  way  to  the  Catauba  Nation. 

There  are  many  Rocks  in  the  River  thereabouts,  on  which  grows  a  kind 
of  Water  Grass,  which  the  wild  Geese  are  fond  of,  and  resort  to  it  in  great 
Numbers. 

We  landed  on  the  South  Side  of  Roanoak  at  a  Plantation  of  Colo. 
Mumford's,^^  where,  by  that  Gentlemen's  Special  Directions,  we  met  with 
Sundry  Refreshments.  Here  we  picht  our  Tent,  for  the  benefit  of  the 
Prospect,  upon  an  Eminence  that  overlookt  a  broad  Piece  of  Low  Ground, 
very  rich,  tho'  liable  to  be  overflow'd. 

By  the  way,  one  of  our  Men  kill'd  another  Rattle-Snake,  with  11  Rattles, 
having  a  large  Gray  Squirrel  in  his  Maw,  the  head  of  which  was  already 
digested,  while  the  Body  remain'd  Stil  entire. 

The  way  these  Snakes  catch  their  Prey  is  thus:  They  Ogle  the  poor 
little  animal,  till  by  force  of  the  Charm  he  falls  down  Stupify'd  and 
Senseless  on  the  Ground.  In  that  condition  the  Snake  approaches,  and 
moistens  first  one  Ear  and  then  the  Other  with  his  Spawl,  and  after  that  the 
other  Parts  of  the  Head,  to  make  all  Slippery.  When  that  is  done,  he 
draws  this  Member  into  his  Mouth,  and  after  it,  by  Slow  Degrees,  all  the 
rest  of  the  Body. 

29.  This  being  Sunday,  we  had  Divine  Service  and  a  Sermon,  at  which 
Several  ^f  the  Borderers  assisted,  and  we  concluded  the  Duties  of  the  Day 
in  the  Christening  five  Children,  Our  Devotion  being  perform'd  in  the 
Open  Field,  like  that  of  Mr.  Whitfield's  Flocks,  and  unfortunate  Shower 
of  Rain  had  almost  disperst  our  Congregation.  About  four  in  the  After- 
noon the  Carolina-Commissioners  made  a  Shift  to  come  up  with  us, 
whom  we  had  left  at  Pidgeon-Roost  Creek  the  Fryday  before,  waiting 
for  their  Provisions.  When  their  Cart  came  up  they  prudently  dis- 
charg'd  it,  and  rather  chose  to  hire  two  Men  to  carry  some  part  of  their 
Baggage.  The  Rest  they  had  been  Obliged  to  leave  behind,  in  the  Crotch 
of  an  Old  Tree,  for  want  of  proper  Conveniences  to  transport  it  any 
farther. 

We  found  in  the  low  Ground  Several  Plants  of  the  Fern  Root,*^*^  which 
is  said  to  be  much  the  Strongest  Antidote  yet  discover'd  against  the  Poison 


^  This  ford  is  one  mile  west  of  the  point  at  which  the  Roanoke  River  crosses  the 
North  Carolina-Virginia  boundary.  It  was  the  crossing  of  the  Indian  Trading  Path, 
which  ran  from  Bermuda  Hundred,  Virginia,  to  the  lands  of  the  Catawba  Indians  in 
upper  South  Carolina. 

°*  See  Note  57,  Secret  History. 

™  The  Prenanthes  Serpentaria,  or  Snake  Root. 


September]  The  Secret  History  159 

our  kind  Star.  We  were  set  ashoar  at  another  Plantation  belong- 
ing to  Major  Mumford,  under  the  Management  of  a  Man  they 
call'd  Natt.  Here  was  another  fat  Steer  ordered  for  Us,  which 
we  thankfully  accepted  of  for  the  Sake  of  the  Men.  We  pitch't 
the  Tent  near  the  House,  which  supply'd  all  out  Wants.  Poor 
Miles  Riley  received  a  kick  from  one  of  the  Horses,  for  which  I 
order'd  him  to  be  instantly  blooded,  &  hindered  all  bad  conse- 
quences. I  interceeded  with  Plausible  in  behalf  of  the  Virginians 
whose  Land  was  left  by  the  Line  in  Carolina,  &  he  promis'd  to  be- 
friend them.  George  Hamilton  kill'd  a  Snake  with  11  Rattles 
having  a  Squirrell  in  his  Belly,  which  he  had  charm'd  &  only  the 
head  of  it  was  digested.  Also  the  Chain-carriers  kill'd  another 
small  one  the  same  day. 

29.  Being  Sunday  we  had  a  Sermon,  but  'twas  interrupted  with 
a  Shower  of  Rain  which  dispers't  our  Congregation.  A  littl  be- 
fore Noon  the  Carolina  Baggage  came  up,  &  the  Servants  blest 
us  with  the  News  that  their  Masters  wou'd  come  in  the  Evening. 
They  also  inform'd  us  they  lay  last  Night  at  John  Youngs,  &  had 
hired  him  &  his  Brother  to  assist  them  upon  the  Line.  That  for 
want  of  Horses  to  carry  their  Luggage,  they  had  left  some  of 
it  behind.  Our  Chaplain  Baptised  5  Children,  &  I  gave  Thomas 
Wilson  a  Vomit  that  work't  powerfully,  &  carry'd  off  his  Feaver. 
I  wrote  to  the  Governor  a  full  &  true  account  of  all  our  proceed- 
ings, &  sent  the  Letter  by  M''.  Mumford,  who  took  his  Leave  this 
Evening.  About  4  in  the  Afternoon  Firebrand  &  his  Carolina 
Guards  came  to  us,  as  likewise  did  some  of  the  Sapponi  Indians.^^ 
I  had  sent  Charles  Kimball  to  Christanna  to  perswade  2  of  their 
most  able  Huntsmen  to  go  the  Journey,  to  help  supply  us  with 
meat.  I  had  observ'd  that  our  Men  were  unfortunate  Gunners, 
which  made  me  more  desirous  to  have  some  that  had  better  luck. 
Out  of  5  which  came  I  chose  Bearskin  &  another,  who  accepted 
the  Terms  I  proposed  to  them.  From  this  time  forward  the  Caro- 
lina Men  &  their  Leader,  honour'd  us  with  their  Company  only 
at  Dinner,  but  Mornings  &  Evenings  they  had  a  distinct  Fire  to 
our  great  Comfort,  at  which  they  toasted  their  Noses.  Indeed 
the  whole  time  of  our  being  together,  our  dear  Collegue  acted  more 


'  See  Note  62,  History  of  the  Dividing  Line. 


160  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [September 

of  the  Rattle-Snake.  The  Leaves  of  it  resemble  those  of  Fern,  from 
whence  it  obtain'd  its  Name.  Several  Stalks  shoot  from  the  same  Root, 
about  6  Inches  long,  that  ly  mostly  on  the  Gromid.  It  grows  in  a 
very  Rich  Soil,  under  the  Protection  of  Some  tall  Tree,  that  Shades  it 
from  the  Meridian  Beams  of  the  Sun.  The  Root  has  a  faint  Spicy  tast, 
and  is  preferr'd  by  the  Southern  Indians  to  all  other  Counter-poisons  in 
this  Country. 

But  there  is  another  sort  preferr'd  by  the  Northern  Indians,  that  they 
call  Seneca  Rattle-Snake-Root,  to  which  wonderful  Vertues  are  ascrib'd 
in  the  Cure  of  Pleurisys,  Feavers,  Rhumatisms,  and  Dropsys;  besides  it 
being  a  powerful  Antidote  against  the  Venom  of  the  Rattle-Snake.^^ 

In  the  Evening  the  Messenger  we  had  sent  to  Christanna  return'd  with 
five  Saponi  Indians.^^  We  cou'd  not  entirely  rely  on  the  Dexterity  of  our 
own  Men,  which  induced  us  to  send  for  some  of  the  Indians.  We  agreed 
with  two  of  the  most  expert  of  them,  upon  reasonable  Terms,  to  hunt  for 
us  the  remaining  Part  of  our  Expedition.  But  one  of  them  falling  Sick 
soon  after,  we  were  content  to  take  only  the  other,  whose  Hunting  Name 
was  Bear-skin. 

This  Indian,  either  by  his  Skill  or  good  Luck,  Supply'd  us  plentifully 
all  the  way  with  Meat,  Seldom  discharging  his  piece  in  vain. 

By  his  Assistance,  therefore,  we  were  able  to  keep  our  men  to  their 
Business,  without  Suffering  them  to  Straggle  about  the  Woods,  on  pretence 
of  furnishing  us  with  Necessary  Food. 

30.  It  had  rain'd  all  night,  and  made  every  thing  so  wet,  that  our 
Surveyors  cou'd  not  get  to  their  Work  before  Noon.  They  cou'd  there- 
fore measure  no  more  than  four  Miles  and  220  Poles,  which,  according 
to  the  best  information  we  cou'd  get,  was  near  as  high  as  the  uppermost 
Inhabitant  at  that  time. 

We  crost  the  Indian  Trading  path  above-mention'd  about  a  Mile  from 
our  Camp,  and  a  Mile  beyond  that  forded  Haw-Tree-Creek.  The  Woods 
we  passed  thro'  had  all  the  Tokens  of  Sterility,  except  a  small  Poison'd 
Field,  on  which  grew  no  Tree  bigger  than  a  Slender  Sapling.  The  larger 
Trees  had  been  destroyed,  either  by  Fire  or  Caterpillars,  which  is  often 
the  Case  in  the  upland  Woods,  and  the  places  where  such  Desolation 
happens  are  call'd  Poison'd  Fields. 

^See  Tennent,  John,  An  Epistle  to  Dr.  Richard  Mead  concerning  the  Epidemical 
Diseases  of  Virginia,  particularly  plurisy  and  Perepneumony;  wherein  is  shown  the 
surprising  efficacy  of  the  Seneca  Rattle-Snake  Root.     (Edinburgh,  1838.) 

*^  The  Dividing  Line  is  one  of  the  principal  sources  for  the  history  of  the  Saponi.  In 
1701  Lawson  found  them  on  the  Yadkin.  Soon  after  they  moved  to  the  region  of  the 
Roanoke  River,  establishing  Saponi  Town  about  15  miles  west  of  Windsor,  Bertie 
County,  North  Carolina;  later  they  were  located  by  Governor  Spotswood  at  Fort 
Christanna.  About  1740  they  and  the  Tutelo,  a  kindred  tribe,  moved  northward,  stop- 
ping first  at  Shamokin,  Pennsylvania,  and  then  joined  the  Cayugas  of  New  York. 
About  1779  the  Tutelo  went  to  Canada.  See  Mooney,  "The  Siouan  Tribes  of  the  Eeast" 
(Bulletin  of  the  American  Bureau  of  Ethnology,  1894.)  For  description  of  these 
Indians  by  Byrd,  see  page  308. 


September]  The  Secret  History  161 

like  a  Commissioner  for  Carolina,  than  Virginia,  &  not  only 
herded  with  them  perpetually,  but  in  every  Instance  join'd  his 
Politicks  with  theirs  in  their  consultations.  No  wonder  then  they 
acted  so  wisely  in  their  Conduct,  &  managed  their  Affairs  with 
such  admirable  Prudence.  It  rain'd  the  whole  Night  long  &  held 
not  up  til  break  of  day. 


30.  The  Tent  &  Baggage  was  so  wet,  that  we  cou'd  not  get  them 
dry  til  12  a  Clock,  at  which  Hour  we  sent  the  Surveyors  out  & 
they  carry'd  the  Line  about  4^4  Miles,  which  we  computed,  was 
as  high  as  any  Inhabitants.  But  we  mov'd  not  til  2  with  the 
Baggage.  We  past  over  Haw-Tree  Creek,  2  Miles  from  our  Camp, 
marching  over  poison'd  Fields.  By  the  way  a  very  lean  Boar 
crost  us,  &  several  claim'd  the  Credit  of  killing  it,  but  all  agreed 
twas  Stone  dead  before  Firebrand  fired,  yet  he  took  the  Glory  of 
this  Exploit  to  himself,  so  much  Vanity  he  had,  that  it  broke  out 
upon  such  paltry  Occasions.  Before  we  sat  off  this  Morning, 
Orion  came  to  me  with  a  Countenance  very  pale  &  disordered,  de- 
siring that  Astrolabe  might  have  Orders  never  to  concern  himself, 
when  it  was  his  turn  to  survey,  because  when  he  needed  to  be  re- 
liev'd,  he  chose  rather  to  be  beholden  to  Bootes,  than  to  him.  I 
cou'd  by  no  means  agree  to  this  Request,  telling  him  that  none  was 
so  proper  to  assist  one  Virginia  Surveyor,  as  the  other.  I  let  him 
know  too,  that  such  a  Motion  savour'd  more  of  Pique  &  Peevish- 


162  History  of  the  Dividing  Lhme  [October 

We  took  up  our  Quarters  upon  a  Branch  of  Great  Creek,  where  there 
was  tolerable  good  Grass  for  the  poor  Horses.  These  poor  Animals 
having  now  got  beyond  the  Latitude  of  Corn,  were  obliged  to  Shift  as 
well  as  they  cou'd  for  themselves. 

On  our  way  the  men  rous'd  a  Bear,  which  being  the  first  we  had  seen 
since  we  came  out,  the  poor  Beast  had  many  pursuers.  Several  Persons 
contended  for  the  Credit  of  killing  him:  tho'  he  was  so  poor  he  was  not 
worth  the  Powder.  This  was  some  Disappointment  to  our  Woodsmen, 
who  commonly  prefer  the  Flesh  of  Bears  to  every  kind  of  Venison.  There 
is  Something  indeed  peculiar  to  this  Animal,  namely,  that  its  fat  is  very 
firm,  and  may  be  eaten  plentifully  without  rising  in  the  Stomach.  The 
Paw  (which,  when  stript  of  the  hair,  looks  like  a  Human  Foot,)  is 
accounted  a  dilicious  Morsel  by  all  who  are  not  Shockt  at  the  ungracious 
Resemblance  it  bears  to  a  Human  Foot. 

Oct.  1.  There  was  a  white  Frost  this  morning  on  the  Ground,  oc- 
casion'd  by  a  North-West  Wind,  which  stood  our  Friend  in  dispersing 
all  Aguish  Damps,  and  making  the  Air  wholesome  at  the  Same  time 
that  it  made  it  cold.  Encourag'd  therefore  by  the  Weather,  Our  Survey- 
ors got  to  work  early,  and  by  the  Benefit  of  Clear  Woods,  and  Level 
Ground,  drove  the  Line   12  Miles  and  12  Poles. 

At  a  Small  Distance  from  our  Camp  we  crost  Great  Creek,  and  about 
7  Miles  farther  Nut-bush  Creek,  so  call'd  from  the  many  Hazle-Trees 
growing  upon  it.  By  good  Luck  Many  Branches  of  these  Creeks  were 
full  of  Reeds,  to  the  great  comfort  of  our  Horses.  Near  five  Miles  from 
thence  we  encampt  on  a  Branch  that  runs  into  Nut-Bush  Creek,  where 
those  Reeds  flourisht  more  than  Ordinary.  The  Land  we  marcht  over 
was  for  the  most  part  broken  and  Stony,  and  in  some  places  cover'd  over 
with  Thickets  almost  impenetrable. 

At  Night  the  Surveyors,  taking  Advantage  of  a  very  clear  Sky,  made  a 
third  Tryal  of  the  Variation,  and  found  it  Still  something  less  than  3 
Degrees,  so  that  it  did  not  diminish  by  advancing  towards  the  West,  or 
by  approaching  the  Mountains,  nor  yet  by  encreasing  our  distance  from 
the  Sea;  but  remain'd  much  the  Same  we  had  found  it  at  Corotuck- Inlet. 

One  of  our  Indians  kill'd  a  large  Fawn,  which  was  very  welcome,  tho', 
like  Hudibras's  Horse,  it  had  hardly  Flesh  enough  to  cover  its  Bones. 

In  the  low  Grounds  the  Carolina  Gentlemen  shew'd  us  another  Plant, 
which  they  said  was  used  in  their  country  to  cure  the  Bite  of  the  Rattle- 
Snake.  It  put  forth  Several  Leaves  in  figure  like  a  Heart,  and  was  clouded 
so  like  the  common  Assarabacca,^^  that  I  convinced  it  to  be  of  that 
Family. 

2.  So  soon  as  the  Horses  cou'd  be  found,  we  hurry'd  away  the  Survey- 
ors, who  advanct  the  Line  9  Miles  and  254  Poles.     About  3  Miles  from 


'An  aromatic  herb  popularly  known  as  Wild  Ginger. 


October]  The  Secret  History  163 

ness  than  Reason.  However  I  desir'd  him  to  ask  the  Opinion  of 
the  other  Commissioners,  if  he  was  not  satisfy'd  with  mine:  but  he 
found  it  proper  to  ask  no  more  Questions.  Puzzlecause  had  a  sore 
Throat,  which  incommoded  him  very  much  indeed,  for  he  cou'd 
not  swallow  so  much  as  Rum-Punch  without  Pain.  But  I  advis'd 
him  to  part  with  12  Ounces  of  Blood,  which  Open'd  the  Passage 
to  his  Stomach.  I  recommended  the  Bark  to  Bootes  for  an  Ague, 
&  gave  one  of  the  Carolina  Men  a  dose  of  Ipocoaccanna,  for  the 
same  Distemper  as  I  did  to  Powell  one  of  our  own  Men. 


October 

1.  We  sent  out  the  Surveyors  early  &  by  the  benefit  of  clear 
Woods  &,  even  Ground  they  carry'd  the  Line  12  Miles  &  12  Poles. 
One  of  our  Baggage  Horses  being  missing  we  decampt  not  til 
Noon,  which  gave  Firebrand  &  his  Crew  an  Opportunity  to  get 
the  Start  of  Us  about  an  hour.  However  we  came  up  with  the 
Surveyors  before  them.  We  forded  over  Great  Greek  not  far 
from  the  Place  where  we  encampt,  &  past  Nutbush  Creek  about 
7  Miles  from  thence.  And  5  Miles  further  we  quarter'd  near  a 
Branch,  which  we  call'd  Nutbush  Branch,  believing  it  ran  into 
the  Creek  of  that  Name.  One  of  the  Indians  kill'd  a  Fawn,  which 
with  the  Addition  of  a  little  Beef  made  very  Savory  Soupe.  The 
Surveyors  by  the  help  of  a  clear  Night  took  the  Variation  &  found 
it  something  more  than  2°:  30',  so  that  it  did  not  diminish  by 
approaching  the  Mountains,  or  by  advanceing  towards  the  West, 
or  encreasing  our  Distance  from  the  Sea,  but  continued  much  the 
same  we  found  it  at  Coratuck. 


2.  The  Surveyors  got  out  about  9  a  clock,  &  advanc't  the  Line 
about  9  Miles.  We  follow'd  with  the  Baggage  at  11,  &  past  at 
3  Miles  distance  from  our  Camp,  Mossamory  Creek,  an  Indian 
Name  signifying  Paint  Creek,  from  red  Earth  found  upon  the 
Banks  of  it,  which  in  a  fresh  tinges  the  Water  of  that  Colour. 


164  History  of  the  Dividing  Li'Ne  [October 

the  Camp  they  crosst  a  large  Creek,  which  the  Indians  call'd  Massamoni, 
Signifying,  in  their  Language,  Paint-Creek,  because  of  the  great  Quantity 
of  Red  ochre^^  found  in  its  banks.  This  in  every  Fresh  tinges  the  Water 
just  as  the  same  Mineral  did  formerly,  and  to  this  day  continues  to  tinge, 
the  famous  River  Adonis,  in  Phoenicia,  by  which  there  hangs  a  celebrated 
Fable.^5 

Three  Miles  beyond  that  we  past  another  Water  with  difficulty,  call'd 
Yaypatsco,  or  Bever  Creek.  Those  industrious  Animals  had  damm'd  up 
the  water  so  high,  that  we  had  much  ado  to  get  over.  Tis  hardly  credible 
how  much  work  of  this  kind  they  will  do  in  the  Space  of  one  Night. 
They  bite  yoimg  Saplings  into  proper  Lengths  with  their  Fore-teeth, 
which  are  exceeding  Strong  and  Sharp,  and  afterwards  drag  them  to 
the  Place  where  they  intend  to  Stop  the  Water. 

Then  they  know  how  to  join  Timber  and  Earth  together  with  so  much 
Skill,  that  their  Work  is  able  to  resist  the  most  violent  Flood  that  can 
happen.  In  this  they  are  qualify'd  to  instruct  their  Betters,  it  being 
certain  their  damms  will  stand  firm  when  the  Strongest  that  are  made  by 
men  will  be  carry'd  down  the  Stream. 

We  observed  very  broad  low  Grounds  upon  this  Creek,  with  a  growth  of 
large  Trees,  and  all  the  other  Signs  of  Fertility,  but  seem'd  subject  to  be 
every  where  overflow'd  in  a  fresh. 

The  certain  way  to  catch  these  Sagacious  Animals  is  thus:  Squeeze  all 
the  Juice  out  of  the  large  Pride  of  the  Beaver,  and  6  drops  out  of  the 
small  Pride.  Powder  the  inward  Bark  of  Sassafras,  and  mix  it  with  this 
Juice,  then  bait  therewith  a  Steel  Trap,  and  they  will  eagerly  come  to 
it,  and  be  taken. 

About  three  Miles  and  a  half  farther  we  came  to  the  Banks  of  another 
creek,  call'd,  in  the  Saponi  Language,  Ohimpa-moni,  Signifying  Jimiping 
Creek,  from  the  frequent  Jumping  of  Fish  during  the  Spring  Season. 

Here  we  encampt,  and  by  the  time  the  Horses  were  hobbled,  our  Hunters 
brought  us  no  less  than  a  Brace  and  a  half  of  Deer,  which  made  great 
Plenty,  and  consequently  great  content  in  our  Quarters. 

Some  of  our  People  had  Shot  a  great  Wild  Cat,  which  was  that  fatal 
moment  making  a  comfortable  Meal  upon  a  Fox-Squirrel,  and  an  Ambi- 
tious Sportsman  of  our  Company  claim'd  the  merit  of  killing  this  monster 
after  it  was  dead. 

The  Wild-cat  is  as  big  again  as  any  Household-Cat,  and  much  the  fiercest 
Inhabitant  of  the  Woods.  Whenever  'tis  disabled,  it  will  tear  its  own 
Flesh  for  madness.  Altho'  a  Panther  will  run  away  from  a  Man,  a  Wild- 
cat will  only  make  a  Surly  Retreat,  now  and  then  facing  about,  if  he  be  too 


*^  A  red  colored  mineral  containing  oxid  of  iron. 

^  The  legend  that  Adonis,  son  of  Cunyrus,  founder  and  king  of  Cyprus,  was  slain 
by  a  boar  and  his  blood  colored  the  water  of  a  river  which  was  therefore  named  for 
him. 


October]  The  Secret  History  165 

Three  Miles  farther  we  got  over  Yapatoco,  or  Bever  Creek  with 
some  difiicuhy,  the  Bevers  having  rais'd  the  Water  a  great  way  up. 
We  proceeded  3^  Miles  beyond  this,  &  encampt  on  the  West  Side 
of  Ohimpamony  Creek,  an  Indian  Name  which  signifys  Fishing 
Creek.  By  the  way  Firebrand  had  another  Occasion  to  show  his 
Prowess,  in  killing  a  poor  little  Wild  Cat,  which  had  been  crippled 
by  2  or  3  before.  Poor  Puss  was  unhappily  making  a  Meal  on 
a  Fox  Squirrel  when  all  these  misfortunes  befell  her.  Meanwell 
had  like  to  have  quarrell'd  with  Firebrand  &  his  Carolina  Squad- 
ron, for  not  halting  for  me  on  the  West  Side  of  Yapatsco,  hav- 
ing been  almost  mired  in  crossing  that  Creek  while  they  had  the 
fortune  to  get  over  it  at  a  better  place.  The  Indians  kill'd  2  Deer 
&  John  Evans  a  third,  which  made  great  plenty  &  consequently 
great  content  in  Israel. 


166  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [October 

closely  pursued;  and  will  even  pursue  in  his  turn,  if  he  observe  the  least 
Sign  of  Fear  or  even  of  caution  in  those  that  pretend  to  follow  Him. 

The  Flesh  of  this  Beast,  as  well  as  of  the  Panther,  is  as  white  as  veal,  and 
altogether  as  sweet  and  delicious. 

3.  We  got  to  work  early  this  Morning,  and  carry'd  the  line  8  Miles 
and  160  Poles.  We  forded  Several  Runs  of  Excellent  Water,  and  after- 
wards traverst  a  large  levil  of  high  land  full  of  lofty  Walnut,  Poplar,  and 
White  Oak  Trees,  which  are  certain  Proofs  of  a  fruitful  Soil.  This  levil 
was  near  two  Miles  in  length,  and  of  an  unknown  breadth,  quite  out  of 
Danger  of  being  overflow'd,  which  is  a  misfortune  most  of  the  Low 
Grounds  are  liable  to  in  those  Parts.  As  we  marcht  along  we  saw  many 
Buffalo-Tracks,  and  abundance  of  their  Dung  very  Fresh,  but  could  not 
have  the  pleasure  of  seeing  them.  They  either  Smelt  us  out,  having  that 
sense  very  Quick,  or  else  were  alarm'd  at  the  Noise  that  so  many  People 
must  necessarily  make  in  marching  along.  At  the  Sight  of  a  Man  they 
will  Snort  and  Grunt,  cock  up  their  ridiculous  Short  Tails,  and  tear  up 
the  Ground  with  a  Sort  of  Timorous  Fury. 

These  wild  Cattle  hardly  ever  range  alone,  but  herd  together  like  those 
that  are  tame.  They  are  Seldom  seen  so  far  North  as  40°  of  latitude,  de- 
lighting much  in  canes  and  Reeds,  which  grow  generally  more  Southerly. 

We  quartered  on  the  Banks  of  a  Creek  that  the  Inhabitants  call  Tewa- 
hominy,  or  Tuskarooda  creek,  because  one  of  that  Nation  had  been  kill'd 
thereabouts,  and  his  Body  thrown  into  the  Creek. 

Our  People  had  the  Fortune  to  kill  a  Brace  of  does,  one  of  which  we 
presented  to  the  Carolina-Gentlemen,  who  were  glad  to  partake  of  the 
Bounty  of  Providence,  at  the  same  time  that  they  sneer'd  at  us  for  de- 
pending upon  it. 

4.  We  hurry'd  away  the  Surveyors  about  9  this  Morning,  who  ex- 
tended the  Line  7  Miles  and  160  Poles,  notwithstanding  the  Ground  was 
exceedingly  uneaven.  At  the  Distance  of  five  Miles  we  forded  a  stream 
to  which  we  gave  the  Name  of  Blewing  creek,  because  of  the  great  Num- 
ber of  those  Fowls  that  then  frequented  it.^^ 

About  2^2  Miles  beyond  that,  we  came  upon  Sugar-Tree-Creek,  so  call'd 
from  the  many  Trees  of  that  kind  that  grow  upon  it.  By  tapping  this 
Tree,  in  the  first  Warm  weather  in  February,  one  may  get  from  20  to  40 
Gallons  of  Liquor,  very  sweet  to  the  tast  and  agreeable  to  the  Stomach. 
This  may  be  boil'd  into  molosses  first,  and  afterwards  into  very  good 
Sugar,  allowing  about  10  Gallons  of  the  Liquor  to  make  a  Pound.  There's 
no  doubt,  too,  that  a  very  fine  Spirit  may  be  distill'd  from  the  molasses, 
at  least  as  good  as  Rum.    The  Sugar  Tree  delights  only  in  Rich  Ground, 


"^  Reference  is  to   the   Bluewing,  a  small  creek-water  duck,  much  esteemed  as   a 
delicacy. 


October  1  The  Secret  History  167 


3.  We  hurry'd  away  the  Surveyors  by  9,  who  ran  something  more 
than  81/2  Miles.  We  follow'd  them  at  11,  &  crost  several  Branches 
of  Excellent  Water.  We  went  thro'  a  large  level  of  very  rich 
high-Land,  near  2  Miles  in  Length  &  of  an  unknown  Breadth.  Our 
Indian  kill'd  one  Deer,  &  William  Pool  another,  &  this  last  we 
graciously  gave  to  the  Carolina  Men,  who  deserv'd  it  not,  because 
they  had  declared  they  did  not  care  to  rely  on  Providence.  We 
encampt  upon  Tewahominy  or  Tuscoruda  Creek.  We  saw  many 
Buffalo  Tracks,  &  abundance  of  their  Dung,  but  the  Noise  we  made 
drove  them  all  from  our  Sight.  The  Carolina  Commissioners 
with  their  Leader,  lagg'd  behind  to  stop  the  Craveings  of  their 
Appetites,  nor  were  we  ever  happy  with  their  Conversation,  but 
only  at  Dinner,  when  they  play'd  their  Parts  more  for  spite  than 
Hunger. 


4.  The  Surveyors  got  to  work  a  little  after  9,  &  extended  the  Line 
near  8  Miles,  notwithstanding  the  Ground  was  very  uneven.  We 
decampt  after  them  about  11,  &  at  5  Miles  Distance  crost  Blew- 
ing  Creek,^^  &  3  Miles  beyond  that,  we  forded  Sugar-Tree  Creek, 
&  pitch't  our  Tent  on  the  West  Side  of  it.  This  Creek  receiv'd  its 
Name  from  many  Sugar  Trees,  which  grow  in  the  Low-Grounds 
of  it.  By  tapping  the  Sugar  Tree  in  the  Spring,  a  great  Quantity 
of  Sugar  flows  out  of  it,  which  may  be  boil'd  up  into  good  Sugar. 
It  grows  very  tall,  &  the  Wood  of  it  is  very  soft  &  Spungy.  Here 
we  also  found  abundance  of  Spice  Trees,  whose  Leaves  are  fra- 
grant, &  the  Berry  they  bear  is  black  when  dry,  &  hot  like  Pepper. 
Both  these  Trees  grow  only  in  a  very  rich  Soil.  The  Low  Ground 
upon  this  Creek  is  very  wide,  sometimes  on  One  Side,  sometimes 


See  Note  66,  History  of  the  Dividing  Line. 


168  History  of  the  Dividing  Li.ne  [October 

where  it  grows  very  tall,  and  by  the  Softness  and  Spunginess  of  the  Wood 
shou'd  be  a  quick  Grower. 

Near  this  Creek  we  discovered  likewise  Several  Spice-Trees,  the  Leaves 
of  which  are  fragrant,  and  the  Berries  they  bear  are  black  when  dry, 
and  of  a  hot  tast,  not  much  unlike  Pepper. 

The  low  Grounds  upon  the  creek  are  very  wide,  sometimes  on  one 
Side,  Sometimes  on  the  Other;  tho'  most  commonly  upon  the  Opposite 
Shore  the  high-land  advances  close  to  the  Bank,  only  on  the  North-Side 
of  the  Line  it  spreads  itself  into  a  great  Breadth  of  rich  low  Ground 
on  both  sides  the  Creek  for  four  Miles  together,  as  far  as  this  Stream 
runs  into  Hico-River,  whereof  I  shall  presently  make  mention. 

One  of  our  Men  Spy'd  three  Buffaloes,  but  his  Piece  being  loaded 
only  with  Goose-shot,  he  was  able  to  make  no  effectual  Impression  on 
their  thick  hides;  however,  this  Disappointment  was  made  up  by  a  Brace 
of  Bucks,  and  as  many  Wild  Turkeys,  kill'd  by  the  rest  of  the  company. 

Thus  Providence  was  very  Bountiful  to  our  Endeavours,  never  dis- 
appointing those  that  Faithfully  rely  upon  it,  and  pray  heartily  for  their 
Daily  Bread. 

5.  This  day  we  met  with  such  uneven  Grounds,  and  thick  Underwoods, 
that  with  all  our  Industry  we  were  able  to  advance  the  Line  but  4  Miles 
and  312  Poles.  In  this  small  Distance  it  intersected  a  large  stream  four 
times,  which  our  Indian  at  first  mistook  for  the  South  Branch  of  Roanoke 
River;  but,  discovering  his  Error  soon  after,  he  assur'd  us  'twas  a  River 
called  Hicootomony,^^  or  Turkey-Buzzard  River,  from  the  great  Number 
of  those  unsavoury  Birds  that  roost  on  the  tall  Trees  growing  near  its 
banks. 

Early  in  the  Afternoon,  to  our  very  great  surprize,  the  Commissioners 
of  Carolina  acquainted  us  with  their  Resolution  to  return  Home.  This 
Declaration  of  theirs  seem'd  the  more  abrupt,  because  they  had  not  been 
so  kind  as  to  prepare  us,  by  the  least  Hint,  of  their  Intention  to  desert  us. 

We  therefore  let  them  imderstand  they  Appear'd  to  us  to  abandon  the 
Business  they  came  about  with  too  much  Precipitation,  this  being  but 
the  15th  day  since  we  came  out  the  last  time.  But,  altho'  we  were  to  be 
so  unhappy  as  to  lose  the  Assistance  of  their  great  Abilities,  yet  we,  who 
were  concern'd  for  Virginia,  determin'd  by  the  Grace  of  God,  not  to  do 
our  Work  by  Halves,  but,  all  deserted  as  we  were  like  to  be,  shou'd 
think  it  our  duty  to  push  the  Line  quite  to  the  Mountains;  and  if  their 
Government  should  refuse  to  be  bound  by  so  much  of  the  Line  as  was 
run  without  their  Commissioners,  yet  at  least  it  would  bind  Virginia, 
and  Stand  as  a  Direction  how  far  his  Majesty's  Lands  extend  to  the 
Southward. 

In  short,  these  Gentlemen  were  positive,  and  the  most  we  could  agree 
upon  was  to  Subscribe  plats  of  our  work  as  far  as  we  had  Acted  together; 

"^  The  Hico. 


October]  The  Secret  History  169 

on  the  other,  but  on  the  Opposite  Side  the  high  land  advances 
close  to  the  Creek.  It  ought  to  be  remember'd,  that  the  Commis- 
sioners of  Carolina,  made  a  complement  of  about  2000  Acres  of 
Land  lying  on  this  Creek  to  Astrolabe,  without  paying  any  Fees. 
Robert  Hix  saw  3  Buffalos,  but  his  gun  being  loaden  only  with 
Shot  cou'd  do  no  Execution.  Bootes  shot  one  Deer,  &  the  Indians 
kill'd  3  more,  &  one  of  the  Carolina  men  4  Wild  Turkeys.  Thus 
Providence  was  very  plentifull  to  us,  &  did  not  disappoint  us  who 
rely'd  upon  it. 

5.  This  day  our  Surveyors  met  with  such  uneven  Ground  &  so 
many  Thickets,  that  with  all  their  Diligenece  they  cou'd  not  run 
the  Line  so  far  as  5  Miles.  In  this  small  Distance  it  crost  over 
Hico-ott-mony  Creek  no  less  than  5  times.  Our  Indian  Ned  Bear- 
skin informed  us  at  first,  that  this  Creek  was  the  South  Branch 
of  Roanoke  River,  but  I  thought  it  impossible,  both  by  reason  of 
its  Narrowness  &  the  small  Quantity  of  Water  that  came  down  it. 
However  it  past  so  with  us  at  present  til  future  Experience  cou'd 
inform  us  better. 

About  4  a  Clock  this  afternoon  Jumble  advanc't  from  the  rest 
of  his  Company  to  tell  me,  that  his  Collegues  for  Carolina  wanted 
to  speak  with  me.  I  desired  if  they  had  any  thing  to  communicate, 
that  they  wou'd  please  to  come  forward.  It  was  some  time  be- 
fore I  heard  any  more  of  these  worthy  Gentlemen,  but  at  last 
Shoebrush  as  the  Mouth  of  the  rest,  came  to  acquaint  me  that 
their  Government  had  ordered  them  to  run  the  Line  but  30  or  40 
Miles  above  Roanoke,  that  they  had  now  carry'd  it  near  50,  & 
intended  to  go  no  further.  I  let  them  know,  it  was  a  little  unkind 
they  had  not  been  so  gracious  as  to  acquaint  us  with  their  Inten- 
tions before.  That  it  had  been  Neighbourly  to  have  inform'd 
us  with  their  Intentions  before  we  sat  out,  how  far  they  intended 
to  go  that  we  might  also  have  receiv'd  the  Commands  of  our  Gov- 
ernment in  that  Matter.  But  since  they  had  fail'd  in  that  Civility 
we  wou'd  go  on  without  them,  since  we  were  provided  with  Bread 
for  6  Weeks  longer.  That  it  was  a  great  Misfortune  to  lose  their 
Company;  but  that  it  wou'd  be  a  much  greater  to  lose  the 
Effect  of  our  Expedition,  by  doing  the  Business  by  halves.  That 
tho'  we  went  by  our  selves,  our  Surveyors  wou'd  continue  under 
the  same  Oath  to  do  impartial  Right  both  to  his  Majesty,  &  the 
Lords  Proprietors;  &  tho'  their  Government  might  chuse  per- 
haps, whether  it  wou'd  be  bound  by  our  Line,  yet  it  wou'd  at 


170  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [October 

tho'  at  the  same  time  we  insisted  these  Plats  should  be  got  ready  by 
Monday  Noon  at  farthest,  when  we  on  the  Part  of  Virginia  intended,  if  we 
were  alive,  to  move  forward  without  farther  loss  of  Time,  the  Season  being 
then  too  far  advanct  to  admit  of  any  unnecessary  or  complaisant  delays. 


October]  The  Secret  History  171 

least  be  a  direction  to  Virginia  how  far  his  Majesty's  Land  ex- 
tended to  the  Southward. 

Then  they  desired  that  the  Surveyors  might  make  a  fair  Plot 
of  the  distance  we  had  run  together,  And  that  of  this  there 
might  be  two  Copys  sign'd  by  the  Commissioners  of  both  Govern- 
ments. I  let  them  know  I  agreed  to  that,  provided  it 
might  be  done  before  Monday  Noon,  when,  by  the  Grace  of 
God,  we  wou'd  proceed  without  Loss  of  time,  because  the  Season 
was  far  advanc't,  &  wou'd  not  permit  us  to  waste  one  Moment 
in  Ceremony  to  Gentlemen  who  had  shew'd  none  to  us.  Here 
the  Conversation  ended  'til  after  Supper,  when  the  Subject 
was  handled  with  more  Spirit  by  Firebrand.  On  my  repeating 
what  I  had  said  before  upon  this  Subject,  he  desir'd  a  Sight  of 
Our  Commission.  I  gave  him  to  understand,  that  since  the  Com- 
missioners were  the  same  that  acted  before,  all  which  had  heard 
the  Commission  read,  &  since  those  for  Carolina  had  a  Copy  of 
it,  I  had  not  thought  it  necessary  to  cram  my  Portmanteau  with 
it  a  Second  time.  And  was  therefore  sorry  I  cou'd  not  oblige 
him  with  a  Sight  of  it.  He  immediately  said  he  wou'd  take  a 
Minute  of  this,  and  after  being  some  time  in  scrabbling  of  it,  he 
read  to  this  Effect.  That  being  ask't  by  him  (by  him)  for  a  sight 
of  my  Commission,  I  had  deny'd  it  upon  pretence  that  I  had  it 
not  with  me.  That  I  had  also  refus'd  the  Commissioners  of  Caro- 
lina, to  tarry  on  Monday,  til  the  necessary  Plats  cou'd  be  prepar'd 
&  exchanged,  but  resolv'd  to  move  forward  as  soon  as  the  Tent 
shou'd  be  dry,  by  which  Means  the  Surveyors  wou'd  be  oblig'd  to 
work  on  the  Sunday.  To  this,  I  answer'd  that  this  was  a  very  smart 
Minute,  but  that  I  objected  to  the  word  pretence,  because  it  was 
neither  decent,  nor  true,  that  I  deny'd  him  a  Sight  of  our  Com- 
mission upon  any  pretence,  but  for  the  honest  Reason  that  I  had 
it  not  there  to  shew;  most  of  the  Company  thinking  my  objection 
just,  he  did  vouchasafe  to  soften  that  Expression,  by  saying  I 
refus'd  to  shew  him  the  Commission,  alledging  I  had  not  brought  it. 

Soon  after  when  I  said  that  our  Governor  expected  that  we 
shou'd  carry  the  Line  to  the  Mountains,  he  made  answer,  that  the 
Governor  had  exprest  himself  otherwise  to  him,  &  told  him  that  30 
or  40  Miles  wou'd  be  sufficient  to  go  beyond  Roanoke  River. 
Honest  Meanwell  hearing  this,  &  I  suppose  not  giving  entire  Credit 
to  it,  immediately  lugg'd  out  his  Pencil,  saying  in  a  Comical  Tone, 


172  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [October 


6.     We  lay  still  this  day,  being  Sunday,  on  the  Bank  of  Hico  River, 
and  had  only  Prayers,  our  Chaplain  not  having  Spirits  enough  to  preach. 


October]  The  Secret  History  173 

that  since  he  was  for  Minutes,  I-Gad  he  wou'd  take  a  Minute  of 
that.  The  other  took  Fire  at  this,  &  without  any  preface  or  Cere- 
mony seized  a  Limb  of  our  Table,  big  enough  to  knock  down  an 
Ox,  and  lifted  it  up  at  Meanwell,  while  he  was  scratching  out  his 
Minutes.  I  happening  to  see  him  brandish  this  dangerous  Wea- 
pon, darted  towards  him  in  a  moment,  to  stop  his  hand,  by  which 
the  Blow  was  prevented,  but  while  I  hinder'd  one  mischief,  I 
had  like  to  have  done  another,  for  the  Swiftness  of  my  Motion 
overset  the  Table,  &  Shoebrush  fell  under  it,  to  the  great  hazard 
of  his  gouty  Limbs.  So  soon  as  Meanwell  came  to  know  the 
favour  that  Firebrand  intended  him,  he  saluted  him  with  the  Title 
he  had  a  good  right  to,  namely,  of  Son  of  a  W — e,  telling  him 
if  they  had  been  alone,  he  durst  as  well  be  damn'd  as  lift  that 
Club  at  him.  To  this  the  other  reply'd  with  much  Vigour,  that 
he  might  remember,  if  he  pleas's,  that  he  had  now  lifted  a  Club  at 
him. 

I  must  not  forget  that  when  Firebrand  first  began  this  Violence, 
I  desir'd  him  to  forbear,  or  I  shou'd  be  obliged  to  take  him  in 
Arrest.  But  he  telling  me  in  a  great  Fury  that  I  had  no  Authority, 
I  call'd  to  the  Men,  &  let  him  know,  if  he  wou'd  not  be  easy,  I 
wou'd  soon  convince  him  of  my  Authority.  The  Men  instantly 
gather'd  about  the  Tent  ready  to  execute  my  Orders,  but  we  made 
a  Shift  to  keep  the  Peace  without  coming  to  Extremitys.  One  of 
the  People,  hearing  Firebrand  very  loud,  desired  his  Servant  to 
go  to  his  Assistance.  By  no  means,  said  he,  that's  none  of  my 
Business,  but  if  the  Gentleman  will  inn  himself  into  a  Broil,  he 
may  get  out  of  it  as  well  as  he  can. 

This  Quarrel  ended  at  last  as  all  Publick  Quarrels  do,  without 
Bloodshed  as  Firebrand  has  Experienced  several  times,  believing 
that  on  such  Occasions  a  Man  may  shew  a  great  deal  of  Courage 
with  very  little  Danger.  However  knowing  Meanwell  was  made 
of  truer  Metal,  I  was  resolv'd  to  watch  him  narrowly,  to  prevent 
further  Mischief.  As  soon  as  this  Fray  was  compos'd  the  Caro- 
lina Commissioners  retir'd  very  soon  with  their  Champion,  to 
flatter  him,  I  suppose,  upon  the  great  Spirit  he  had  shew'd  in  their 
Cause  against  those  who  were  join'd  with  him  in  Commission. 

6.  This  being  Sunday  we  had  Prayers,  but  no  Sermon,  because 
our  Chaplain  was  indispos'd.     The  Gentlemen  of  Carolina  were 


174  History  of  the  Dividing  Llne  [October 

The  Gentlemen  of  Carolina  assisted  not  at  our  Publick  Devotions,  because 
they  were  taken  up  all  the  Morning  in  making  a  formidable  Protest  against 
our  Proceeding  on  the  Line  without  them. 

When  the  Divine  Service  was  over,  the  Surveyors  sat  about  making  the 
Plats  of  so  much  of  the  Line  as  we  had  run  this  last  Campaign.  Our 
pious  Friends  of  Carolina  assisted  in  this  work  with  some  Seeming  Scruple, 
pretending  it  was  a  Violation  of  the  Sabbath,  which  we  were  the  more 
Surpriz'd  at,  because  it  happen'd  to  be  the  first  Qualm  of  Conscience 
they  had  ever  been  troubled  with  dureing  the  whole  journey.  They  had 
made  no  Bones  of  Staying  from  prayers  to  hammer  out  an  unnecessary 
Protest,  tho'  Divine  Service  was  no  Sooner  over,  but  an  unusual  Fit  of 
Godliness  made  them  fancy  that  finishing  the  Plats,  which  was  now  matter 
of  necessity,  was  a  prophanation  of  the  Day.  However,  the  Expediency 
of  losing  no  time,  for  us  who  thought  it  our  duty  to  finish  what  we  had 
undertaken,  made  such  a  Labour  pardonnable. 

In  the  Afternoon,  Mr.  Fitz  William,  one  of  the  Commissioners  for 
Virginia,  acquainted  his  Collegues  it  was  his  Opinion,  that  by  his  Majesty's 
Order  they  could  not  proceed  farther  on  the  Line,  but  in  Conjunction 
with  the  Commissioners  of  Carolina;  for  which  reason  he  intended  to 
retire,  the  Next  Morning,  with  those  Gentlemen. 

This  lookt  a  little  odd  in  our  Brother  Commissioner;  tho'  in  Justice 
to  Him,  as  well  as  to  our  Carolina  Friends,  they  stuck  by  us  as  long  as  our 
good  Liquor  lasted,  and  were  so  kind  to  us  as  to  drink  our  good  Journey 
to  the  Mountains  in  the  last  Bottle  we  had  left. 


October]  The  Secret  History  175 

all  the  Morning  breaking  their  Brains  to  form  a  Protest  against 
our  Proceeding  on  the  Line  any  further  without  them.  Firebrand 
stuck  close  to  them,  &  assisted  in  this  elegant  Speech,  tho'  he  took 
some  pains  to  perswade  us  he  did  not.  They  were  so  intent  upon 
it,  that  we  had  not  their  good  Company  at  Prayers.  The  Surveyors 
however  found  time  for  their  Devotions,  which  help't  to  excuse 
their  working  upon  their  Plats,  when  the  Service  was  over.  Be- 
sides this  being  a  work  of  necessity  was  the  more  pardonable.  We 
dined  together  for  the  last  time,  not  discovering  much  concern  that 
we  were  soon  to  part.  As  soon  as  dinner  was  over  the  Protesters 
retum'd  to  their  Drudgery  to  lick  their  Cubb  into  shape.  While 
I  was  reading  in  the  Tent  in  the  Afternoon,  Firebrand  approach'! 
with  a  gracious  smile  upon  his  Face,  &  desir'd  to  know  if  I  had 
any  Commands  to  Williamsburgh,  for  that  he  intended  to  return 
with  the  Carolina  Commissioners.  That  it  was  his  Opinion  we  had 
no  Power  to  proceed  without  them,  but  he  hoped  this  difference 
of  Sentiment  might  not  widen  the  Breach  that  was  between  us,  that 
he  was  very  sorry  anything  had  happen'd  to  set  us  at  Variance,  & 
wish't  we  might  part  Friends.  I  was  a  little  surpriz'd  at  this 
Condescention  but  humour'd  his  Inclinations  to  peace,  believing  it 
the  only  way  to  prevent  future  Mischief.  And  as  a  proof  that  I 
was  in  earnest,  I  not  only  accepted  of  these  peaceable  Overtures 
myself,  but  was  so  much  his  Friend  as  to  persuade  Meanwell  to 
be  reconcil'd  to  him.  And  at  last  I  join'd  their  Hands,  &  made 
them  kiss  One  another. 

Had  not  this  Pacification  happen'd  thus  luckily,  it  would  have 
been  impossible  for  Meanwell  to  put  up  the  Indignity  of  holding 
up  a  Clubb  at  him,  because  in  a  Court  of  honour,  the  Shaking  of 
a  Cudgel  at  a  Gentleman,  is  adjudged  the  same  affront  as  striking 
him  with  it.  Firebrand  was  very  sensible  of  this,  &  had  great 
Reason  to  believe  that  in  due  time  he  must  have  been  call'd 
to  an  Account  for  it  by  a  Man  of  Meanwells  Spirit.  I  am  sorry 
if  I  do  him  wrong,  but  I  believe  this  Prudent  Consideration  was 
the  true  Cause  of  the  pacifick  advances  he  made  to  us,  as  also 
of  his  returning  back  with  his  dear  Friends  of  Carolina.  Tho' 
there  might  have  still  been  another  Reason  for  his  going  home 
before  the  Gen^  Court.  He  was  it  seems  left  out  of  the  Instructions 
in  the  List  of  Councellors,  &  as  that  matter  was  likely  to  come  up- 
on the  Carpet  at  that  time,  he  thought  he  might  have  a  better 


176  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [October 


7.  The  Duplicates  of  the  plats  cou'd  not  be  drawn  fair  this  day  before 
Noon,  when  they  were  countersign'd  by  the  Commissioners  of  Each 
Government.  Then  those  of  Carolina  deliver'd  their  Protest,  which  was 
by  this  time  lickt  into  form,  and  sign'd  by  them  all.  And  we  have  been 
so  just  to  them  as  to  set  it  down  at  full  length  in  the  Appendix,  that  their 
Reasons  for  leaving  us  may  appear  in  their  full  Strength.^^ 

After  having  thus  adjusted  all  our  Affairs  with  the  Carolina  Com- 
missioners, and  kindly  supply'd  them  with  Bread  to  carry  them  back,  which 
they  hardly  deserv'd  at  our  hands,  we  took  leave  both  of  them  and  our 
colleague,  Mr.  Fitzwilliam. 

This  Gentleman  had  stil  a  Stronger  Reason  for  hurrying  him  back  to 
Williamsburg,  which  was,  that  neither  the  General  Court  might  lose  an 
able  Judge,  nor  himself  a  double  Salary,  not  despairing  in  the  least  but 
he  shou'd  have  the  whole  pay  of  Commissioner  into  the  Bargain,  tho' 
he  did  not  half  the  Work.  This,  to  be  sure,  was  relying  more  on  the 
Interest  of  his  Friends  than  on  the  Justice  of  his  cause;  in  which,  how- 
ever, he  had  the  misfortune  to  miscarry,  when  it  came  to  be  fairly 
considered. 

It  was  two  a  clock  in  the  Afternoon  before  these  arduous  Affairs  could 
be  despatcht,  and  then,  all  forsaken  as  we  were,  we  held  on  our  course 
towards  the  West.  But  it  was  our  misfortune  to  meet  with  so  many 
Thickets  in  this  Afternoon's  Work,  that  we  cou'd  advance  no  further  than 
2  Miles  and  260  Poles. 

In  this  small  Distance  we  crosst  the  Hico  the  fifth  time,  and  Quarter'd 
near  Buffalo-Creek,  so  nam'd  from  the  frequent  Tokens  we  discover'd  of 
that  American  Behemoth. 


See  p.  332. 


October]  The  Secret  History  177 

chance  to  get  the  matter  determin'd  in  his  favour  when  2  of  his 
Adversarys  were  absent.  Add  to  this  the  Lucre  of  his  Attendance 
during  the  Gen'  Court,  which  wou'd  be  so  much  clear  Gain  if  he 
cou'd  get  so  much  Interest  as  to  be  paid  as  bountifully  for  being 
out  4  Weeks,  as  we  for  being  10,  out  upon  the  Publick  Service. 
This  I  know  he  was  so  unconscionable  as  to  expect,  but  without 
the  least  Shadow  of  Reason  or  Justice.  Our  Reconciliation  with 
Firebrand,  naturally  made  us  Friends  with  his  Allys  of  Carolina, 
who  invited  us  to  their  Camp  to  help  finish  their  Wine.  This  we 
did  as  they  say,  tho'  I  suspect  they  reserv'd  enough  to  keep  up 
their  Spirits  in  their  Return:  while  we  that  were  to  go  forward  did 
from  hence  forth  depend  altogether  upon  pure  Element. 

7.  This  Morning  I  wrote  some  dispatches  home,  which  Firebrand 
was  gracious  as  to  offer  to  forward  by  an  Express,  so  soon  as  he 
got  to  Williamsburgh.  I  also  wrote  another  to  the  Governor 
signifying  how  friendly  we  parted  with  our  Brother-Commissioner. 
This  last  I  shew'd  to  my  CoUegues  to  prevent  all  Suspicion,  which 
was  kindly  taken.  The  Plats  were  Countersign'd  about  Noon,  and 
that  which  belong'd  to  Virginia,  we  desired  Firebrand  to  carry 
with  him  to  the  Governor.  Then  the  Commissioners  for  Carolina 
deliver'd  their  Protest  sign'd  by  them  all,  tho'  I  did  not  think 
Plausible  wou'd  have  join'd  in  so  ill  concerted  a  Piece.  I  put  it 
up  without  reading,  to  shew  the  Opinion  I  had  of  it,  &  let  the 
Gentlemen  know,  we  wou'd  Endeavour  to  return  an  Answer  to  it 
in  due  time.  But  that  so  fine  a  piece  may  be  preserved  I  will 
give  both  that  &  the  Answer  to  it  a  place  in  my  Journal.  The 
Protest  is  in  the  following  Words.''  WE  THE  UNDERWRIT- 
TEN COMMISSIONERS  for  the  Government  of  North  Carolina 
in  Conjunction  with  the  Commissioners  on  the  part  of  Virginia, 
having  run  the  Line  for  the  Division  of  the  2  Colonys  from  Cora- 
tuck  Inlet  to  the  Southern  Branch  of  Roanoke  River,  being  in  the 
whole  about  170  Miles,  &  near  50  Miles  without  the  Inhabitants, 
being  of  Opinion  we  had  run  the  Line  as  far  as  wou'd  be  requisite 
for  a  long  time,  judg'd  the  carrying  of  it  farther  wou'd  be  a  need- 
less charge  &  trouble;  &  the  Grand  Debate  which  had  so  long  sub- 


See  Appendix  to  the  History  of  the  Dividing  Line,  p.  332. 


178  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [October 

Here  the  Bushes  were  so  intolerably  thick,  that  we  were  oblig'd  to  cover 
the  Bred  Baggs  with  our  Deer  Skins,  otherwise  the  Joke  of  one  of  the 
Indians  must  have  happen'd  to  us  in  good  Earnest,  that  in  a  few  days 
We  must  cut  up  our  House  to  make  Bags  for  the  Bread,  and  so  be  forct 
to  expose  our  Backs  in  compliment  to  our  Bellys. 

We  computed  we  had  then  Bisquet  enough  left  to  last  us,  with  good 
Management,  Seven  Weeks  longer;  And  this  being  our  chief  Dependence, 
it  imported  us  to  be  very  careful  both  in  the  Carriage  and  the  Distribu- 
tion of  it. 

We  had  no  other  Drink  but  what  Adam  drank  in  Paradise,  tho'  to  our 
comfortwe  found  the  Water  excellent,  by  the  Help  of  which  we  perceiv'd 
our  Appetites  to  mend,  our  Slumbers  to  Sweeten,  the  Stream  of  Life 
to  run  cool  and  peaceably  in  our  Veins,  and  if  ever  we  dreamt  of  Women, 
they  were  kind. 

Our  men  kill'd  a  very  fat  Buck  and  Several  Turkeys.  These  two  kinds 
of  Meat  boil'd  together,  with  the  addition  of  a  little  Rice  or  French  Barley, 
made  excellent  Soupe,  and,  what  happens  rarely  in  Other  good  things,  it 
never  cloy'd,  no  more  than  an  Engaging  Wife  wou'd  do,  by  being  a 
Constant  Dish. 

Our  Indian  was  very  Superstitious  in  this  Matter,  and  told  us,  with  a 
face  full  of  concern,  that  if  we  continued  to  boil  Venison  and  Turkey 
together,  we  Shou'd  for  the  future  kill  nothing,  because  the  Spirit  that 
presided  over  the  Woods  would  drive  all  the  Game  out  of  our  Sight.  But 
we  had  the  Happiness  to  find  this  an  Idle  Superstition,  and  tho'  his  Argu- 
ment could  not  convince  us,  yet  our  repeated  Experience  at  last,  with  much 
ado,  convinc'd  Him. 

We  observ'd  abundance  of  Colt's  foot*^^  and  Maiden-hair'^*^  in  many 
Places,  and  nowhere  a  larger  Quantity  than  here.  They  are  both  Ex- 
cellent Pectoral  Plants,  and  seem  to  have  greater  Vertues  much  in  this 
part  of  the  World  than  in  more  Northern  climates;  and  I  believe  it  may 
pass  for  a  Rule  in  Botanicks,  that  where  any  Vegetable  is  planted  by  the 
hand  of  Nature,  it  has  more  Vertue  than  in  Places  whereto  it  is  trans- 
planted by  the  Curiosity  of  Man. 


**  The  Tusilago  Farfara,  whose  leaves  were  formerly  used  as  a  medicine,  especially 
for  coughs  and  colds. 
™  A  fern  of  the  genus  Adiantum. 


October]  The  Secret  History  179 

sisited  between  the  Two  Governments  about  Weyanoak  River  or 
Creek  being  Settled  at  our  former  meeting  in  the  Spring,  when 
we  were  ready  on  our  Parts  to  have  gone  with  the  Line  to  the 
Outmost  Inhabitants,  which  if  it  had  been  done  the  Line  at  any 
time  after  might  have  been  continu'd  at  an  easy  Expence  by  a  Sur- 
veyor on  each  Side,  &  if  at  any  time  hereafter  there  shou'd  be 
occasion  to  carry  the  Line  on  farther,  than  we  have  now  run  it, 
which  we  think  will  not  be  in  an  Age  or  Two,  it  may  be  done  in 
the  same  easy  manner,  without  that  great  Expence  that  now  at- 
tends it;  and  on  a  Conference  of  all  the  Commissioners,  we  hav- 
ing communicated  our  Sentiments  thereon,  declared  our  Opinion 
that  we  had  gone  as  far  as  the  Service  requir'd,  &  thought  proper 
to  proceed  no  farther,  to  which  it  was  answer'd  by  the  Commis- 
sioners for  Virginia,  that  they  shou'd  not  regard  what  we  did,  but 
if  we  desisted,  they  wou'd  proceed  without  us.  But  we  conceiving 
by  his  Majesty's  Order  in  Council,  they  were  directed  to  Act  in 
Conjunction  with  the  Commissioners  appointed  for  Carolina,  & 
having  accordingly  run  the  Line  jointly  so  far,  &  exchanged 
Planus,  thought  they  cou'd  not,  carry  on  the  Bounds  Singly,  but 
that  their  proceedings  without  us  wou'd  be  irregular  &  invalid  & 
that  it  wou'd  be  no  Boundary,  &  thought  it  proper  to  enter  our 
Dissent  thereto;  Wherefore  for  the  Reasons  aforesaid,  in  the  Name 
of  his  Excellency  the  Palatine,  &  the  rest  of  the  true  &  absolute 
Lords  Proprietors  of  Carolina,  we  dissent  &  disallow  of  any  far- 
ther Proceedings  with  the  Bounds  without  our  Concurrence,  & 
pursuant  to  our  Instructions  do  give  this  our  dissent  in  writing. 

Plausible.  Jumble. 

^  ,   1  PUZZLECAUSE.  ShOEBRUSH. 

October 
7th  1728 


To  this  Protest  the  Commissioners  for  Virginia  made  the  fol- 
lowing Answer.*'*' 

WHERAS  on  the  7*''  day  of  October  a  Paper  was  deliver'd  to 
us  by  the  Commissioners  of  N.  Carolina  in  the  Style  of  a  PRO- 


^'This  document  is  also  in  the  Colonial  Records  of  North  Carolina,  (Vol.  II,  p.  787) 
being  included  in  Byrd's  journal  of  the  expedition  which  was  sent  to  London.  It  is 
also  in  the  Appendix  to  the  History  of  the  Dividing  Line,  p.  333. 


180  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [October 


[Continued  on  page  188] 


October]  The  Secret  History  181 

TEST,  against  our  carrying  any  farther  without  them  the  Dividing 
Line  between  the  2  Governments,  we  the  Underwritten  Commis- 
sioners on  the  part  of  Virginia  having  maturely  oonsider'd  the 
Reasons  offer'd  in  the  said  Protest,  why  those  Gentlemen  retired  so 
soon  from  that  Service,  beg  Leave  to  return  the  following  Answer. 
They  are  pleas'd  to  alledge  in  the  first  place  by  way  of  Reason, 
that  having  run  the  Line  near  50  Miles  without  the  Inhabitants 
it  was  sufficient  for  a  long  time,  &  in  their  Opinion  for  an  Age 
or  two.  To  this  we  answer,  that  they  by  breaking  off  so  soon  did 
very  imperfectly  obey  his  Majesty's  Order,  assented  to  by  the 
Lords  Proprietors.  The  plain  meaning  of  that  Order  was,  to  as- 
certain the  Bounds  betwixt  the  2  Governments,  as  far  towards  the 
Mountains  as  we  cou'd,  that  neither  the  King's  Grants  may  here- 
after encroach  upon  the  Lords  Proprietors,  nor  theirs  on  the  Right 
of  his  Majesty.  And  tho'  the  distance  towards  the  Mountain  be 
not  precisely  determin'd  by  the  said  Order,  yet  surely  the  West 
Line  shou'd  be  carry'd  as  near  to  them  as  may  be,  that  both  the 
Land  of  the  King,  &  of  the  Lords  may  be  taken  up  the  faster,  & 
that  his  Majesty's  Subjects  may  as  soon  as  possible  extend  them- 
selves to  that  Natural  Barrier.  This  they  will  do  in  a  very  few 
Years,  when  they  know  distinctly  in  which  Government  they  may 
enter  for  the  Land,  as  they  have  already  done  in  the  more  Northern 
Parts  of  Virginia,  So  that  'tis  Strange  the  Carolina  Commissioners 
shou'd  affirm,  that  the  distance  of  50  Miles  beyond  the  Inhabitants, 
shou'd  be  sufficient  to  carry  the  Line  for  an  Age  or  two,  especially 
considering  that  a  few  days  before  the  Signing  of  this  Protest, 
Astrolabe  had  taken  up  near  2000  Acres  of  Land,  granted  by  them- 
selves within  5  Miles  of  the  Place  where  they  left  us.  Besides  if 
we  reflect  on  the  goodness  of  the  Soil  in  those  Parts,  &  the  fond- 
ness of  all  Degrees  of  People  to  take  up  Land,  we  may  venture  to 
foretell,  without  the  Spirit  of  Dwinahun  that  there  will  be  many 
settlements  much  higher  than  these  Gentlemen  went  in  less  than 
ten  Years,  &  perhaps  in  half  that  time.  The  Commissioners  of  N. 
Carolina  protested  against  proceeding  on  the  Line  for  another 
Reason,  because  it  wou'd  be  a  needless  charge  &  trouble  alledg- 
ing  that  the  rest  may  be  done  by  One  Surveyor  on  a  Side,  in  an 
easy  Manner  when  it  shall  be  thought  necessary.  To  this  we 
answer,  that  Frugality  of  the  Publick  Money  is  a  great  Vertue,  but 
when  the  Publick  Service  must  suffer  by  it,  it  degenerates  into  a 


182 


History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [October 


[Continued  on  page  188] 


October]  The  Secret  History  183 

Vice,  &  this  will  ever  be  the  Case,  when  Gentlemen  execute  the 
Orders  of  their  Superiors  by  halves.  But  had  the  Carolina  Com- 
missioners been  sincerely  frugal  for  their  Government,  why  did 
they  carry  out  Provisions  sufficient  to  support  themselves  &  their 
Men  for  8  Weeks,  when  they  intended  to  tarry  out  no  longer  than 
half  that  time.  This  they  must  confess  to  be  true,  since  they 
had  provided  500^'^  of  Bread,  &  the  same  Weight  of  Beef  &  Bacon, 
which  was  sufficient  allowance  for  their  Complement  of  Men  for 
2  Months,  if  it  had  been  carefully  managed.  Now  after  so  great 
an  Expence  in  their  Preparations,  it  had  been  but  a  small  addi- 
tion to  their  charge,  if  they  had  endur'd  the  Fatigue  a  Month 
longer.  It  wou'd  have  been  at  most  no  more  than  what  they  must 
be  at,  whenever  they  finish  their  work,  even  tho'  they  think  proper 
to  entrust  it  to  the  Management  of  a  Surveyor,  who  must  have  a 
necessary  Strength  to  attend  him  both  for  his  Attendance  &  De- 
fence. These  are  all  the  Reasons  these  Gentlemen  think  fit  to 
mention  in  their  PROTEST,  tho'  in  Truth  they  had  a  much 
Stronger  Argument  for  their  retiring  so  abruptly,  which  because 
they  forgot,  it  will  be  but  neighbourly  to  help  them  out,  and  re- 
mind them  of  it.  The  Provision  they  brought  along  with  them, 
for  want  of  Providing  Horses  to  carry  it,  was  partly  left  behind 
upon  a  high  Tree,  to  be  taken  down  as  they  retum'd,  and  what 
they  did  carry,  was  so  carlessly  handled,  that  after  18  days,  which 
was  the  whole  time  we  had  the  honour  of  their  Company,  they 
had  by  their  own  confession  no  more  left  than  2"'  of  Bread  for  each 
Man  to  carry  them  home.  However  tho'  in  Truth  this  was  an 
invincible  Reason  why  they  left  the  Business  unfinish't,  it  was 
none  at  all  to  us,  who  had  at  that  time  Biscuit  Sufficient  for  6 
Weeks  longer.  Therefore  lest  their  want  of  Management  shou'd 
put  a  Stop  to  his  Majesty's  Service,  we  conceiv'd  it  our  Duty  to 
proceed  without  them,  &  have  extended  the  Dividing  Line  so  far 
West,  as  to  leave  the  Mountains  on  each  Hand  to  the  Eastward  of 
us.  This  we  have  done  with  the  same  Fidelity  &  Exactness,  as  if 
those  Gentlemen  had  continu'd  with  us.  Our  Surveyors  acted 
under  the  same  Oath  which  they  had  taken  in  the  Beginning,  & 
were  Persons  whose  Integrity  will  not  be  call'd  in  Question.  How- 
ever tho'  the  Government  of  N.  Carolina  shou'd  not  hold  itself 
bound  by  the  Line,  we  made  in  the  absence  of  its  Commissioners, 
yet  it  will  continue  to  be  a  direction  to  the  Government  of  Virginia, 


184  History  of  the  Dividing  Lhve  [October 


[Continued  on  page  188] 


October]  The  Secret  History  185 

how  far  the  King's  Lands  reach  towards  Carolina,  &  how  far  his 
Majesty  may  grant  them  away  without  Injustice  to  the  Lords  Pro- 
prietors. To  this  we  may  also  add  that  having  the  Authority  of  our 
Commission  to  Act  without  the  Commissioners  of  N.  Carolina  in 
case  of  their  Disagreement  or  Refusal,  we  thought  it  necessary  on 
their  deserting,  to  finish  the  Dividing  Line  without  them,  lest  his 
Majesty's  Service  might  Suffer  by  any  neglect  or  Mismanagement 
on  their  Part.    Given  under  our  Hands  the  7**"  of  December  1728. 

Meanwell.  Steddy. 


Tho'  the  foregoing  Answer  was  not  immediately  retum'd  to  the 
Protest,  as  appears  by  the  Date,  yet  it  can't  be  placed  better  in 
this  Journal,  than  next  to  it,  that  the  Arguments  on  each  Side 
may  be  the  better  compared  &  understood.  Thus  after  we  had  com- 
pleated  our  Business  with  our  dear  Friends  of  Carolina,  &  supply'd 
'em  with  some  small  matters  that  cou'd  be  spared,  they  took  their 
Leave,  &  Firebrand  with  them,  full  of  Professions  of  Friendship 
&  good  Will.  Just  like  some  Men  &  their  Wives,  who  after  living 
together  all  their  time  in  perpetual  Discord  &  uneasiness,  will  yet 
be  very  good  Friends  at  the  Point  of  Death,  when  they  are  sure 
they  shall  part  forever. 

A  General  Joy  discover'd  itself  thro'  all  our  Camp,  when  these 
Gentlemen  turn'd  their  Backs  upon  us,  only  Orion  had  a  cloud 
of  MelanchoUy  upon  his  Face,  for  the  loss  of  those  with  whom  h.6 
had  spent  all  his  leizure  Hours.  Before  these  Gentlemen  went 
he  had  perswaded  Puzzlecause  to  give  him  a  Certificate  concern- 
ing the  Quarrel  betwixt  Firebrand  &  Meanwell,  not  because  he  was 
ignorant  how  it  was,  because  he  was  sitting  by  the  fire  within  hear- 
ing all  the  time  of  the  Fray,  but  because  he  shou'd  not  be  able 
to  tell  the  Truth  of  the  Story,  for  fear  of  disobliging  his  Patron, 
&  to  disguise  &  falsify  the  Truth,  besides  making  himself  a  Lyar, 
wou'd  give  just  Offence  to  Meanwell.  In  this  Dilemma  he  thought 
it  safest  to  perswade  Puzzlecause  to  be  the  Lyar,  by  giving  him  a 
Certificate,  which  soften'd  some  things  &  left  out  others,  &  so  by 
his  (New  England)  way  of  cooking  the  Story,  made  it  tell  less 
shocking  on  the  Side  of  Firebrand.    This  was  esteem'd  wonderfull 


186  History  of  the  Dividing  Lme  [October 


[Continued  on  page  188] 


October]  The  Secret  History  187 

Politick  in  Orion,  but  he  was  as  blameable,  to  circulate  an  untruth, 
in  another's  Name,  &  under  another  hand,  as  if  it  had  been  al- 
together his  own  Act  &  Deed,  &  was  in  Truth  as  much  resented  by 
Meanwell,  when  he  came  to  hear  it. 

Because  Firebrand  desired  that  one  of  the  Men,  might  return 
back  with  him,  I  listed  one  of  the  Carolina  Men  to  go  on  with  us 
in  his  room,  who  was  indeed  the  best  Man  they  had.  One  of  our 
Horses  being  missing,  we  quitted  not  our  Camp  'til  2  a  Clock. 
This  &  the  thick  Woods  were  the  reason  we  carry'd  the  Line  not 
quite  3  Miles.  We  crost  Hico-atto-moni-Creek  once  more  in  this 
day's  work,  &  encampt  near  another  Creek  that  runs  into  it  call'd 
Buffalo  Creek,  so  call'd  from  the  great  Signs  we  saw  of  that  Shy 
Animal.  Now  we  drank  nothing  but  the  Liquor  Adam  drank  in 
Paradise,  &  found  it  m,ended  our  Appetite  not  only  to  our  Victuals,^ 
of  which  we  had  Plenty,  but  also  (to  Women  of  which  we  had 
none.  It  also)  promoted  digestion,  else  it  had  been  impossible 
to  eat  so  voraciously,  as  most  of  us  did,  without  Inconvenience. 

Tom  Short  kill'd  a  Deer,  &  several  of  the  Company  kill'd  Tur- 
keys. These  2  kinds  of  Flesh  together,  with  the  help  of  a  little 
Rice,  or  French  Barley  made  the  best  Soupe  in  the  World.  And 
what  happens  very  rarely  in  other  good  things,  it  never  cloys  by 
being  a  constant  Dish.  The  Bushes  being  very  thick  began  to 
tear  our  Bread  Bags  so  intoUerably,  that  we  were  obliged  to  halt 
several  times  a  day  to  have  them  mended.  And  the  Carolina  Men 
pleas'd  themselves  with  the  Joke  of  one  of  the  Indians,  who  said 
we  shou'd  soon  be  forced  to  cut  up  our  House  (meaning  the  Tent) 
to  keep  our  Baggs  in  Repair.  And  what  he  said  in  Jest  wou'd 
have  happen'd  true  in  Earnest,  If  I  had  not  order'd  the  Skins  of 
the  Deer  which  we  kill'd,  to  be  made  use  of  in  covering  the  Bags. 
This  prov'd  a  good  expedient  by  which  they  were  guarded,  &  con- 
sequently our  Bread  preserv'd.  I  cou'd  not  forbear  making  an  Ob- 
servation upon  our  Men,  which  I  believe  holds  true  in  others,  that 
those  of  them  who  were  the  foremost  to  Stuff  their  Guts,  were  ever 
the  most  backward  to  work,  &  were  more  impatient  to  eat  their 
Supper  than  to  earn  it.  This  was  the  Character  of  all  the  Carolina 
Men,  without  Exception. 


188  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [October 

8.  Notwithstanding  we  hurry'd  away  the  Surveyors  very  early,  yet 
the  Underwoods  embarrass'd  them  so  much  that  they  cou'd  with  Difficulty 
advance  the  Line  4  Miles  and  20  Poles. 

Our  Cloaths  Suffer'd  extreamely  by  the  Bushes,  and  it  was  really  as 
much  as  both  our  hands  could  do  to  preserve  our  Eyes  in  our  Heads. 
Our  poor  Horses,  too,  could  hardly  drag  their  Loads  thro'  the  Saplings, 
which  stood  so  close  together  that  it  was  necessary  for  them  to  draw  and 
carry  at  the  same  time. 

We  quarter'd  near  a  Spring  of  very  fine  Water,  Soft  as  oyl  and  as  cold  as 
Ice,  to  make  us  amends  for  the  want  of  Wine.  And  our  Indian  knockt 
down  a  very  fat  Doe,  just  time  enough  to  hinder  us  from  going  Supperless 
to  Bed. 

The  heavy  Baggage  cou'd  not  come  up  with  us,  because  of  the  Exces- 
sive badness  of  the  Ways.  This  gave  us  no  Small  uneasiness,  but  it  went 
worse  with  the  poor  men  that  guarded  it.  They  had  nothing  in  the  World 
with  them  but  dry  Bread,  nor  durst  they  eat  any  of  that,  for  fear  of 
inflaming  their  Thirst,  in  a  Place  where  they  could  find  no  Water  to 
quench  it. 

This  was,  however,  the  better  to  be  endured,  because  it  was  the  first 
Fast  any  one  had  kept  dureing  the  whole  Journey,  and  then,  Thanks  to 
the  gracious  Guardian  of  the  Woods!  there  was  no  more  than  a  Single 
Meal  lost  to  a  few  of  the  Company. 

We  were  entertain'd  this  Night  with  the  Yell  of  a  whole  Family  of 
Wolves,  in  which  we  cou'd  distinguish  the  Treble,  Tenor  and  Bass,  very 
clearly.  These  Beasts  of  Prey  kept  pretty  much  upon  our  Track,  being 
tempted  by  the  Garbage  of  the  Creatures  we  kill'd  every  day;  for  which  we 
were  Serenaded  with  their  Shrill  Pipes  almost  every  Night.  This  Beast  is  not 
so  untamable  as  the  Panther,  but  the  Indians  know  how  to  gentle  their 
Whelps,  and  use  them  about  their  cabans  instead  of  Dogs. 


9.  The  Thickets  were  hereabouts  so  impenetrable,  that  we  were  obliged, 
at  first  setting  off  this  Morning,  to  order  four  Pioneers  to  clear  the  way 
before  the  Surveyors.  But  after  about  2  Miles  of  these  rough-woods,  we 
had  the  Pleasure  to  meet  with  Open  Grounds  and  not  very  uneven,  by  the 
help  of  which  we  were  enabled  to  push  the  Line  about  6  Miles. 

The  Baggage  that  lay  Short  of  our  camp  last  Night  came  up  about 
Noon,  and  the  Men  made  heavy  Complaints,  that  they  had  been  half 
Starv'd,  like  Tantalus,  in  the  midst  of  plenty,  for  the  Reason  above 
mention'd. 

The  Soil  we  past  over  this  Day  was  generally  very  good,  being 
cloath'd  with  large  Trees,  of  Poplar,  Hiccory,  and  Oak.  But  another 
certain  Token  of  its  Fertility  was,  that  wild  Angelica'^^  grew  plentifully 
upon  it. 


"The  Archangelica  Atropurpurea,  an  herb  with  a  strong  aromatic  flavor. 


October]  The  Secret  History  189 

8.  We  hurry'd  the  Surveyors  out  about  9,  &  follow'd  ourselves 
with  the  Baggage  about  11,  Yet  the  Woods  were  so  thick  we  cou'd 
advance  little  better  than  4  Miles.  I  spirited  up  our  Men,  by 
telling  them  that  the  Carolina  Men  were  so  arrogant  as  to  fancy 
we  cou'd  make  no  Earnings  of  it  without  them.  Having  yet  not 
Skins  enough  to  cover  all  our  Bread  Bags,  those  which  had  none 
sufFer'd  much  by  the  Bushes,  as  in  Truth  did  our  Cloaths  &  our 
Baggage,  nor  indeed  were  our  Eyes  safe  in  our  Heads.  Those 
difficulty's  hinder'd  Tom  Jones  from  coming  up  with  some  of  the 
loaded  Horses  to  the  Camp  where  we  lay.  He  was  forced  to 
stop  short  about  a  Mile  of  us,  where  there  was  not  a  drop  of 
Water,  But  he  had  the  Rum  with  him  which  was  some  Comfort. 
I  was  very  uneasy  at  their  absence,  resolving  for  the  future  to  put 
all  the  Baggage  before  us.  We  were  so  lucky  as  to  encamp  near 
a  fine  Spring,  &  our  Indian  kill'd  a  fat  Doe,  with  which  Providence 
supply'd  us  just  time  enough  to  hinder  us  from  going  supperless 
to  Bed.  We  call'd  our  Camp  by  the  Name  of  Tear-Coat-Camp, 
by  reason  of  the  rough  thickets  that  Surrounded  it.  I  observ'd 
some  of  the  Men  were  so  free  as  to  take  what  share  of  the  Deer 
they  pleas'd  and  to  secure  it  for  themselves,  while  others  were  at 
work,  but  I  gave  such  Orders  as  put  a  Stop  to  those  Irregularitys 
I  divided  the  People  into  Messes,  among  which  the  Meat  was  fairly 
to  be  distributed. 


9.  The  Surveyors  went  to  work  about  9,  but  because  the  Bushes 
were  so  intoUerably  thick,  I  order'd  some  hands  to  clear  the  way 
before  them.  This  made  their  Business  go  on  the  Slower,  however 
they  carry'd  the  Line  about  6  Miles,  by  reason  the  Thicket  reach 't 
no  farther  than  a  Mile,  &  the  rest  of  the  Way  was  over  clear  Woods 
&  even  Grounds.  We  tarry'd  with  the  Rear-Guard  till  12  for  our 
absent  Men,  who  came  to  the  Camp  as  hungry  as  Hawks,  for  hav- 
ing no  Water  to  drink,  they  durst  not  eat  for  fear  of  Thirst,  which 
was  more  uneasy  than  Hunger.  When  we  had  supply'd  our  Wants 
we  followed  the  Tracks  of  the  Surveyors,  passing  over  2  Runs  of 
Excellent  Water,  one  at  3,  &  the  other  at  4  Miles  Distance  from 
our  last  Camp.     The  Land  was  for  the  most  part  very  good,  with 


190  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [October 

The  Root  of  this  Plant  being  very  warm  and  Aromatick,  is  covered  by 
Woodsmen  extremely  as  a  dry  Dram,  that  is,  when  Rum,  that  cordial  for 
all  Distresses,  is  wanting. 

Several  Deer  came  into  our  View  as  we  marcht  along,  but  none  into  the 
Pot,  which  made  it  necessary  for  us  to  sup  on  the  Fragments  we  had 
been  so  provident  as  to  carry  along  with  us.  This  being  but  a  tem- 
perate Repast,  made  some  of  our  hungry  Fellows  call  the  Place  we  lodg'd 
at  that  Night,  Bread  and  Water  Camp. 

A  great  Flock  of  Cranes  flew  over  our  Quarters,  that  were  exceeding 
Clamorous  in  their  Flight.  They  seem  to  steer  their  Course  towards  the 
South  (being  Birds  of  Passage)  in  Quest  of  Warmer  Weather.  They  only 
took  this  Country  in  their  way,  being  as  rarely  met  with,  in  this  part  of  the 
World,  as  a  Highwayman  or  a  Begger. 

These  Birds  travel  generally  in  Flocks,  and  when  they  roost  they  place 
Sentinels  upon  some  of  the  highest  Trees,  which  constantly  stand  upon 
one  leg  to  keep  themselves  waking. '^- 

Our  Indian  kill'd  nothing  all  day  but  a  Mountain  Patridge,  which  a 
little  resembled  the  common  Partridge  in  the  Plumage,  but  was  near  as 
large  as  a  Dunghill  Hen.  These  are  very  frequent  towards  the  Mountains, 
tho'  we  had  the  fortune  to  meet  with  very  few.  They  are  apt  to  be  Shy, 
and  consequently  the  Noise  of  so  great  a  Number  of  People  might  easily 
Scare  them  away  from  our  Sight. 

We  found  what  we  conceiv'd  to  be  Good  Limestone  in  several  Places, 
and  a  great  Quantity  of  Blue  Slate. 

10.  The  day  began  very  fortunately  by  killing  a  Fat  Doe,  and  Two 
Brace  of  wild  Turkeys;  so  the  Plenty  of  the  Morning  made  amends  for 
the  Short  Commons  over  Night.  One  of  the  new  men  we  brought  out  with 
us  the  last  time  was  unfortunately  heard  to  wish  himself  at  Home,  and  for 
that  Shew  of  Impatience  was  publickly  reprimanded  at  the  Head  of  the 
men,  who  were  all  drawn  up  to  witness  his  Disgrace. 

He  was  askt  how  he  came  so  soon  to  be  tired  of  the  Company  of  so 
many  brave  Fellows,  and  whether  it  was  the  Danger  of  Fatigue  of  the 
Journey  that  dishearten'd  Him?  This  publick  Reproof  from  thenceforward 
put  an  effectual  Stop  to  all  complaints,  and  not  a  man  amongst  us  after 
that  pretended  so  much  as  to  wish  himself  in  Paradise. 


'"  "Nor  are  these  Birds  the  only  Animals  that  point  scouts  to  keep  the  main  Body 
from  being  surprised  for  the  Baboons,  whenever  they  go  on  any  mischievous  Expedi- 
tion, such  as  robbing  Orchards  they  place  Sentinels  to  look  out  towards  every  Point 
of  the  Compass  and  give  notice  of  any  danger.  Then  ranking  themselves  in  one 
File  that  reaches  where  they  harbour  to  the  Orchard  they  intend  to  rob,  some  of 
them  toss  the  Fruits  from  the  Trees  to  those  that  stand  nearest,  these  throw  them  to 
the  next,  and  so  from  one  to  another,  til  the  fruit  is  all  secured  in  a  few  minutes  out 
of  Harm's  way.  In  the  meantime,  if  any  of  the  Scouts  should  be  careless  at  their 
Posts  &  suffer  any  Surprise  they  are  torn  to  pieces  without  Mercy.  In  case  of  danger 
these  centinels  set  up  a  fearful  cry  upon  which  the  rest  take  the  alarm  and  Scour 
away  to  the  mountains  as  fast  as  they  can."     (Byrd's  Note.) 


October]  The  Secret  History  191 

Plenty  of  Wild  Angelica  growing  upon  it.  Several  Deer  came  into 
our  Sight  but  none  into  our  Quarters,  which  made  short  Commons 
&  consequently  some  discontent.  For  this  reason  some  of  the  Men 
call'd  this  Bread  &  Water  Camp,  but  we  call'd  it  Crane-Camp,  be- 
cause many  of  those  Fowls  flew  over  our  Heads  being  very  clam- 
orous in  their  Flight.  Our  Indian  kill'd  a  Mountain  Partridge  re- 
sembling the  smaller  Partridge  in  the  Plumage,  but  as  large  as  a 
Hen.  These  are  common  towards  the  Mountains  tho'  we  saw  very 
few  of  them,  our  Noise  scareing  them  away. 

10.     We  began  this  day  very  luckily  by  killing  a  Brace  of  Turkeys 
&  One  Deer,  so  that  the  Plenty  of  our  Breakfast  this  Morning, 
made  amends  for  the  Shortness  of  our  Supper  last  Night.     This 
restor'd  good  Humour  to  the  Men,  who  had  a  mortal  Aversion  to 
fasting.     As  I  lay  in  my  Tent,  I  overheard  one  of  them,  call'd 
James  Whitlock,  wish  that  he  were  at  home.    From  this  I  reprov'd 
him  publickly,  asking  him  whether  it  was  the  Danger,  or  the 
Fatigue  of  the  Journey  that  dishearten'd  him,  wondring  how  he 
cou'd  be  tired  so  soon  of  the  Company  of  so  many  Brave  Fellows. 
So  reasonable  a  Reprimand  put  an  effectual  Stop  to  all  Com- 
plaints, and  no  Body  after  that  day  was  ever  heard  so  much  as 
to  wish  himself  in  Heaven.    A  small  distance  from  our  Camp  we 
crost  a  Creek  which  we  call'd  Cocquade  Creek,  because  we  there 
began  to  wear  the  Beards  of  Wild  Turkey-Cocks  in  our  Hats  by 
way  of  Cocquade.    A  little  more  than  a  Mile  from  thence  we  came 
to  the  true  Southern  Branch  of  Roanoke  River,  which  was  about 
150  Yards  over  with  a  swift  Stream  of  Water  as  clear  as  Chrystal. 
It  was  fordable  near  our  Line,  but  we  were  oblig'd  to  ride  above 
100  Yards  up  the  River  to  the  End  of  a  Small  Island,  &  then  near 
as  far  back  again  on  the  other  Side  of  the  Island  before  we  cou'd 
mount  the  Bank.  The  West  Side  of  this  fine  River  was  fringed  with 
tall  Canes,  a  full  furlong  in  Depth,  thro'  which  our  Men  clear'd 
a  Path  Broad  enough  for  our  Baggage  to  pass,  which  took  up  a 
long  time.    The  Bottom  of  the  River  was  pav'd  with  Gravel,  which 
was  every  where  Spangled  with  small  Fleaks  of  Mother  of  Pearl, 
that  almost  dazzled  our  Eyes.     The  Sand  on  the  Shoar  sparkled 
with  the  same.     So  that  this  seem'd  the  most  beautiful  River  that 
I  ever  saw.    The  Difficuhy  of  passing  it  &  cutting  thro'  the  Canes 
hinder'd  us  so  much,  that  we  cou'd  carry  the  Line  little  more  than 


192  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [October 

A  Small  Distance  from  our  Camp  we  crosst  a  pleasant  Stream  of 
Water  call'd  Cocquade  Creek,  and  something  more  than  a  Mile  from  thence 
our  Line  intersected  the  South  Branch  of  Roanoak  River  the  first  time, 
which  we  call'd  the  Dan.  It  was  about  200  Yards  wide  we  forded  it,  and 
when  we  came  over  to  the  West  Side,  we  found  the  Banks  lin'd  with  a 
Forest  of  Tall  canes,  that  grew  more  than  a  furlong  in  depth.  So  that  it 
cost  us  abundance  of  time  and  Labour  to  cut  a  Passage  thro'  them  wide 
enough  for  our  Baggage. 

In  the  mean  time  we  had  leizure  to  take  a  full  view  of  this  charming 
River.  The  Stream,  which  was  perfectly  clear,  ran  down  about  two  Knots, 
or  two  Miles,  an  Hour,  when  the  water  was  at  the  lowest.  The  Bottom  was 
cover'd  with  a  coarse  Gravel,  Spangled  very  thick  with  a  Shining  Sub- 
stance, that  almost  dazzled  the  eye,  and  the  Sand  upon  either  Shore 
Sparkled  with  the  same  Splendid  Particles. 

At  first  Sight,  the  Sun-Beams  giving  a  Yellow  cast  to  these  Spangles 
made  us  fancy  them  to  be  Gold-Dust,  and  consequenty  that  all  our 
Fortunes  were  made.  Such  Hopes  as  these  were  the  less  extravagant, 
because  several  Rivers  lying  much  about  the  Same  Latitude  with  this 
have  formerly  abounded  with  Fragments  of  that  tempting  Metal.  Witness 
the  Tagus  in  Portugal,  the  Heber  in  Thrace,  and  the  Pactolus  in  Lesser 
Asia;  Not  to  mention  the  Rivers  on  the  Gold  Coast  in  Africa,  which  ly  in 
a  more  Southern  Climate. 

But  we  soon  found  our  Selves  mistaken,  and  our  Gold  Dust  dwindled 
into  small  Flakes  of  ising-glass.  However,  tho'  this  did  not  make  the 
River  so  rich  as  we  cou'd  wish,  yet  it  made  it  exceedingly  Beautiful. 

We  marcht  about  two  Miles  and  a  half  beyond  this  River,  as  far  as 
Cane  Creek,  so  call'd  from  a  Prodigious  Quantity  of  tall  canes  that 
fring'd  the  Banks  of  it. 

On  the  West  side  of  this  Creek  we  markt  out  our  Quarters,  and  were  glad 
to  find  our  Horses  fond  of  the  canes,  tho'  they  Scowred  them  smartly  at 
first,  and  discolor'd  their  Dung.  This  beautiful  Vegetable  grows  com- 
monly from  12  to  16  feet  High,  and  some  of  them  as  thick  as  a  Man's 
wrist. 

Tho'  these  appear'd  large  to  us,  yet  they  are  no  more  than  Spires  of 
Grass,  if  compar'd  to  those  which  some  curious  Travellers  tell  us  grow  in 
the  East  Indies,  one  Joint  of  which  will  make  a  Brace  of  Canoes,  if 
saw'd  in  two  in  the  Middle.  Ours  continue  green  thro'  all  the  Seasons 
during  the  Space  of  Six  Years,  and  the  Seventh  shed  their  Seed,  wither 
away  and  Die.  The  Spring  following  they  begin  to  Shoot  again,  and 
reach  their  former  Stature  the  Second  or  third  Year  after. 

They  grow  so  thick,  and  their  Roots  lace  together  so  firmly,  that  they  are 
the  best  Guard  that  can  be  of  the  River-Bank,  which  wou'd  otherwise  be 
washt  away  by  the  frequent  Inundations  that  happen  in  this  part  of  the 
World. 


October]  The  Secret  History  193 

3  Miles.  We  crost  a  Creek  2^/4  Miles  beyond  the  River,  call'd 
Cane  Creek,  from  very  tall  Canes,  which  lin'd  its  Banks.  On  the 
West  Side  of  it  we  took  up  our  Quarters.  The  Horses  were  very 
fond  of  those  Canes  but  at  first  they  purg'd  them  exceedingly,  & 
seem'd  to  be  no  very  heartening  Food.  Our  Indian  kill'd  a  Deer, 
&  the  other  Men  some  Turkeys,  but  the  Indian  begg'd  very  hard 
that  our  Cook  might  not  boil  Venison  &  Turkey  together,  because 
it  wou'd  certainly  spoil  his  luck  in  Hunting,  &  we  shou'd  repent  it 
with  fasting  &  Prayer.  We  call'd  this  South  Branch  of  Roanoke 
the  Dan,  as  I  had  call'd  the  North  Branch  the  Stanton  before. 


194  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [October 

They  would  also  serve  excellently  well  to  plant  on  the  Borders  of  Fish- 
Ponds  and  Canals,  to  secure  their  sides  from  falling  in;  tho'  I  fear  they 
would  not  grow  kindly  in  a  cold  Country,  being  seldom  seen  here  so 
Northerly  as  38  Degrees  of  Latitude. 


11.  At  the  Distance  of  4  Miles  and  60  Poles  from  the  Place  where  we 
encampt,  we  came  upon  the  River  Dan  a  Second  time;  tho'  It  was  not  so 
wide  in  this  Place  as  where  we  crosst  it  first,  being  not  above  a  150  yards 
over. 

The  West  Shore  continued  to  be  cover'd  with  the  Canes  above  mention'd, 
but  not  to  so  great  a  Breadth  as  before,  and  'tis  Remarkable  that  these 
canes  are  much  more  frequent  on  the  West  Side  of  the  River  than  on  the 
East,  where  they   grow  generally  very  scattering. 

It  was  Still  a  beautiful  Stream,  rolling  down  its  limpid  and  mur- 
muring waters  among  the  Rocks,  which  lay  scatter'd  here  and  there,  to 
make  up  the  variety  of  the  Prospect. 

It  was  about  two  Miles  from  this  River  to  the  End  of  our  Day's  Work, 
which  led  us  mostly  over  Broken  Grounds  and  troublesome  Underwoods. 
Hereabout,  from  one  of  the  Highest  hills,  we  made  the  first  Discovery 
of  the  Mountains,  on  the  Northwest  of  our  course.  They  seem'd  to  lye 
off  at  a  vast  Distance,  and  lookt  like  Ranges  of  Blue  clouds  rising  one 
above  another. 

We  encampt  about  two  Miles  beyond  the  River,  where  we  made  good 
chear  upon  a  very  fat  Buck,  that  luckily  fell  in  our  way.  The  Indian  like- 
wise Shot  a  Wild  Turkey,  but  confest  he  wou'd  not  bring  it  us, 
lest  we  shou'd  continue  to  provoke  the  Guardian  of  the  Forrest,  by  cooking 
the  Beasts  of  the  Field  and  the  Birds  of  the  Air  together  in  one  vessel. 

This  Instance  of  Indian  Superstition,  I  confess,  is  countenanced  in  some 
measure  by  the  Levitical  Law,  which  forbad  the  mixing  of  things  of  a 
Different  Nature  together  in  the  Same  field,  or  in  the  Same  Garment,  and 
why  not  then  in  the  same  Kettle? 

But,  after  all,  if  the  Jumbleing  of  two  Sorts  of  Flesh  together  be  a 
Sin,  how  intolerable  an  Offence  must  it  be  to  make  a  Spanish  Ole,  that  is, 
a  Hotchpotch  of  every  kind  of  thing  that  is  eatable?  And  the  good  People 
of  England  wou'd  have  a  great  deal  to  answer  for,  for  beating  up  so 
many  different  Ingredients  into  a  Pudding. 


12.  We  were  so  cruelly  intangled  with  Bushes  and  Grape- Vines  all 
day,  that  we  could  advance  the  Line  no  farther  than  5  Miles  and  28  Poles. 

The  Vines  grow  very  thick  in  these  Woods,  twineing  lovingly  round  the 
Trees  almost  every  where,  especially  to  the  Saplings.  This  makes  it 
evident  how  Natural  both  the  Soil  and  Climate  of  this  Country  are  to 
Vines,  tho'  I  believe  most  to  our  own  Vines. 


October]  The  Secret  History  195 


11.  We  hurry 'd  away  the  Surveyors  at  9,  &  follow'd  with  the 
Baggage  about  11.  In  about  4^/2  Miles  we  crost  the  Dan  the  2"* 
time,  &  found  it  something  Narrower  than  before,  being  about  110 
Yards  over.  The  West  Banks  of  it,  were  also  thick  set  with  Canes, 
but  not  for  so  great  a  Breadth  as  where  we  past  it  first.  But  it  was 
here  a  most  charming  River,  having  the  Bottom  spangled  as  before, 
with  a  limpid  Stream  gently  flowing,  &  murmuring  among  the 
Rocks,  which  were  thinly  scatter'd  here  &  there  to  make  up  the 
variety  of  the  Prospect.  The  Line  was  carry'd  something  more 
than  2  Miles  beyond  the  River,  in  which  Distance  the  Thickets 
were  very  troublesome.  However  we  made  a  Shift  to  run  6V2 
Miles  in  the  whole,  but  encampt  after  Sun-set.  I  had  foretold  on 
the  Credit  of  a  Dream  which  I  had  last  Sunday-Night,  that  we 
shou'd  see  the  Mountains,  this  day,  &  it  proved  true,  for  Astrolabe 
discover'd  them  very  plain  to  the  N  W  of  our  Course,  tho'  at  a  great 
Distance.  The  Rich  Land  held  about  a  Mile  broad  on  the  West 
Side  the  River.  Tom  Jones  kill'd  a  Buck,  &  the  Indian  a  Turkey, 
but  he  wou'd  not  bring  it  us,  for  fear  we  shou'd  boil  it  with  our 
Venison  against  his  ridiculous  Superstition.  I  had  a  moderate 
cold  which  only  spoil'd  my  Voice,  but  not  my  Stomach.  Our 
Chaplain  having  got  rid  of  his  little  lurking  Feavers,  began  to  eat 
like  a  Cormorant. 


12.  The  Surveyors  were  dispatch't  by  9,  but  the  thick  Woods 
made  the  Horses  so  hard  to  be  found,  that  we  did  not  follow  with 
the  Baggage  til  after  Twelve.  The  Line  was  extended  something 
more  than  5  Miles,  all  the  way  thro'  a  Thicket.  We  judg'd  by  the 
great  Number  of  Chestnut  Trees  that  we  approach't  the  Mountains, 


196  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [October 

The  Grapes  we  commonly  met  with  were  black,  tho'  there  be  two  or 
three  kinds  of  White  Grapes  that  grow  wild.  The  Black  are  very  Sweet, 
but  Small,  because  the  Strength  of  the  Vine  spends  itself  in  Wood;  tho' 
without  Question  a  proper  Culture  would  make  the  same  Grapes  both 
larger  and  Sweeter.  But,  with  all  these  Disadvantages,  I  have  Drunk 
tolerably  good  Wine  prest  from  them,  tho'  made  without  Skill.  There  is 
then  good  Reason  to  believe  it  might  Admit  of  great  Improvement,  if 
rightly  managed. 

Our  Indian  kill'd  a  Bear,  of  two  years  old,  that  was  feasting  on  these 
Grapes.  He  was  very  fat,  as  they  generally  are  in  that  season  of  the 
year.  In  the  fall,  the  Flesh  of  this  Animal  has  a  high  Relish,  different 
from  that  of  other  Creatures,  tho'  inclining  nearest  to  that  of  Pork,  or 
rather  of  Wild  Boar. 

A  true  Woodsman  prefers  this  Sort  of  meat  to  that  of  the  fattest  Venison, 
not  only  for  the  Hautgout  but  also  because  the  Fat  of  it  is  well  tasted, 
and  never  rises  in  the  stomach.  Another  proof  of  the  goodness  of  this 
meat  is,  that  it  is  less  apt  to  corrupt  than  any  other  we  are  acquainted 
with.  As  agreeable  as  such  rich  Diet  was  to  the  men,  yet  we  who  were  not 
accustom'd  to  it,  tasted  it  at  first  with  some  sort  of  Squeamishness,  that 
Animal  being  of  the  Dog-kind;  tho'  a  little  Use  soon  reconcil'd  us  to 
this  American  Venison.  And  that  its  being  of  the  Dog  kind  might  give 
us  the  less  disgust,  we  had  the  Example  of  that  Ancient  and  polite  People, 
the  Chinese,  who  reckon  Dog's  Flesh  too  good  for  any  under  the  Quality 
of  a  mandarin. 

This  Beast  is  in  truth  a  very  clean  Feeder,  living,  while  the  Season  lasts, 
upon  Acorns,  Chestnuts  and  Chinkapins,  Wild-Hony  and  Wild-Grapes. 
They  are  naturally  not  carniverous,  unless  Hunger  constrains  them  to  it, 
after  the  Mast  is  all  gone,  and  the  Products  of  the  Woods  quite  exhausted. 

They  are  not  provident  enough  to  lay  up  any  Hoard,  like  the  Squirrels, 
nor  can  they,  after  all,  live  very  long  upon  licking  their  Paws,  as  Sr 
John  Mandevil  and  some  Travellers  tell  us,  but  are  forct  in  the  Winter 
Months  to  quit  the  Mountains,  and  visit  the  Inhabitants. 

Their  Errand  is  then  to  Surprise  a  poor  Hog  at  a  Pinch  to  keep  them 
from  Starving,  And  to  shew  that  they  are  not  Flesh-Eaters  by  Trade, 
they  devour  their  Prey  very  awkwardly. 

They  don't  kill  it  right  out,  and  feast  upon  its  Blood  and  Entrails,  like 
other  ravenous  Beasts,  but  having,  after  a  fair  pursuit,  seiz'd  it  with  their 
Paws,  they  begin  first  upon  the  Rump,  and  so  devour  one  collop  after 
another,  till  they  come  to  the  Vitals,  the  poor  Animal  crying  all  the 
while,  for  several  Minutes  together.  However,  in  so  doing.  Bruin  acts  a 
little  imprudently,  because  the  dismal  outcry  of  the  Hog  alarms  the  Neigh- 
bourhood, and  'tis  odds  but  he  pays  the  forfeit  with  his  Life,  before  he  can 
Secure  his  Retreat. 

But  Bears  soon  grow  weary  of  this  unnatural  Diet,  and  about  January, 
when  there  is  nothing  to  be  got  in  the  Woods,  they  retire  into  some  cave  or 


October]  The  Secret  History  197 

which  several  of  our  Men  discover'd  very  plainly.    The  Bears  are 
great  Lovers  of  Chesnuts,  and  are  so  discreet  as  not  to  Venture 
their  unwieldy  Bodyg  upon  the  smaller  Branches  of  the  Trees, 
which  will  not  bear  their  Weight.     But  after  walking  upon  the 
Limbs  as  far  as  is  safe,  they  bite  off  the  Limbs  which  falling  down, 
they  finish  their  Meal  upon  the  Ground.     In  the  same  cautious 
Manner  they  secure  the  Acorns  that  grow  on  the  outer  Branches 
of  the  Oak.     They  eat  Grapes  very  greedily  which  grow  plenti- 
fully in  these  Woods,  very  large  Vines  wedding  almost  every  Tree 
in  the  Rich  Soil.     This  shews  how  Natural  the  Situation  of  this 
Country  is  to  Vines.    Our  Men  kill'd  a  Bear  of  2  Years  Old  which 
was  very  fat.     The  Flesh  of  it  hath  a  good  relish,  very  savory, 
&  inclining  nearest  to  that  of  Pork.     The  Fat  of  this  Creature  is 
the  least  apt  to  rise  in  the  Stomach  of  any  other.     The  Men  for 
the  most  part  chose  it  rather  than  Venison,  the  greatest  inconveni- 
ence was  that  they  eat  more  Bread  with  it.  We  who  were  not  ac- 
custom'd  to  eat  this  rich  Dyet  tasted  it  at  first  with  some  squeam- 
ishness,  but  soon  came  to  like  it.  Particularly  our  Chaplain  lov'd 
it  so  passionately,  that  he  wou'd  growl  like  a  Wild-Cat  over  a 
Squirrel.     Towards  the   Evening  the   Clouds   gather'd   thick   & 
threaten'd  rain,  &  made  us  draw  a  Trench  round  the  Tent,  & 
take  the  necessary  Precaution  to  secure  the  Bread,  but  no  Rain 
fell.    We  remember'd  our  Wives  &  Mistresses  in  a  Bumper  of  ex- 
cellent Cherry  Brandy.    This  we  cou'd  aff'ord  to  drink  no  oftener 
than  to  put  on  a  clean  Shirt,  which  was  once  a  Week. 


198  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [October 

hollow  Tree,  where  they  Sleep  away  two  or  three  Months  very  comfortably. 
But  then  they  quit  their  Holes  in  March,  when  the  Fish  begin  to  run 
up  the  Rivers,  on  which  they  are  forct  to  keep  Lent,  till  some  Fruit  or 
Berry  comes  in  Season. 

But  Bears  are  fondest  of  chestnuts,  which  grow  plentifully  towards 
the  Mountains,  upon  very  large  Trees,  where  the  Soil  happens  to  be  rich. 
We  were  curious  to  know  how  it  happen'd  that  many  of  the  outward 
Branches  of  those  Trees  came  to  be  brok  off  in  that  Solitary  Place,  and 
were  inform'd  that  the  Bears  are  so  discreet  as  not  to  trust  their  unwieldy 
Bodies  on  the  Smaller  Limbs  of  the  Tree,  that  would  not  bear  their  weight ; 
but  after  venturing  as  far  as  is  safe,  which  they  can  judge  to  an  Inch, 
they  bite  off  the  End  of  the  Branch,  which  falling  down,  they  are  content 
to  finish  their  Repast  upon  the  Ground.  In  the  same  Cautious  Manner 
they  secure  the  Acorns  that  grow  on  the  weaker  Limbs  of  the  Oak.  And  it 
must  be  allow'd  that,  in  these  Instances,  a  Bear  carries  Instinct  a  great  way, 
and  Acts  more  reasonably  than  many  of  his  Betters,  who  indiscreetly 
Venture  upon  frail  Projects  that  wont  bear  them. 


13.  This  being  Sunday,  we  rested  from  our  Fatigue,  and  had  leisure  to 
reflect  on  the  signal  Mercies  of  Providence. 

The  great  Plenty  of  Meat  herewith  Bearskin  furnisht  us  in  these  lonely 
Woods  made  us  once  more  Shorten  the  men's  allowance  of  Bread,  from  5 
to  4  Pounds  of  bisket  a  week.  This  was  the  more  necessary,  because  we 
knew  not  yet  how  long  our  Business  might  require  us  to  be  out. 

In  the  Afternoon  our  Hunters  went  forth,  and  return'd  triumphantly  with 
three  brace  of  wild  Turkeys.  They  told  us  they  cou'd  see  the  Mountains 
distinctly  from  every  Eminence,  tho'  the  Atmosphere  was  so  thick  with 
Smoak  that  they  appear'd  at  a  greater  Distance  than  they  really  were. 

In  the  Evening  we  examin'd  our  Friend  Bearskin,  concerning  the  Re- 
ligion of  his  Country  and  he  explain'd  it  to  us,  without  any  of  that  Reserve 
to  which  his  Nation  is  Subject. 

He  told  us  he  believ'd  there  was  one  Supreme  God,  who  had  Several 
Subaltern  Deities  under  Him.  And  that  this  Master-God  made  the  World 
a  long  time  ago.  That  he  told  the  Sun,  the  Moon,  and  Stars,  their  Business 
in  the  Beginning,  which  they,  with  good  looking  after,  have  faithfully 
perform'd  ever  Since. 

That  the  same  Power  that  made  all  things  at  first  has  taken  care  to 
keep  them  in  the  same  Method  and  Motion  ever  since. 

He  believ'd  God  had  form'd  many  Worlds  before  he  form'd  this,  that 
those  Worlds  either  grew  old  and  ruinous,  or  were  destroyed  for  the 
Dishonesty  of  the  Inhabitants. 

That  God  is  very  just  and  very  good — ever  well  pleas'd  with  those 
men  who  possess  those  God-like  Qualities.  That  he  takes  good  People 
into  his  safe  Protection,  makes  them  very  rich,  fills  their  Bellies  plentifully, 


October]  The  Secret  History  199 


13.  This  being  Sunday  we  rested  from  our  Fatigue,  &  had  a 
Sermon.  Our  Weather  was  very  louring  with  the  Wind  hard  at 
N  W  with  great  liklihood  of  Rain.  Every  Sunday  I  constantly 
order'd  Peter  Jones  to  weigh  out  the  weekly  allowance  of  Bread 
to  each  Man,  which  hitherto  was  5  Pounds.  This  with  Plenty  of 
Meat  was  sufficient  for  any  reasonable  Man,  &  those  who  were  un- 
reasonable, I  wou'd  by  no  means  indulge  with  Superfluitys.  The 
rising  ground  when  we  encampt  was  so  surrounded  with  Thickets, 
that  we  cou'd  not  walk  out  with  any  Comfort;  however  after  Din- 
ner, several  of  the  Men  ventur'd  to  try  their  Fortune;  &  brought 
in  no  less  than  6  Wild  Turkeys.  They  told  us  they  saw  the  Moun- 
tains very  distinctly  from  the  Neighbouring  Hills. 

In  the  Evening  I  examin'd  our  Indian  Ned  Bearskin  concern- 
ing his  Religion,  &  he  very  frankly  gave  me  the  following  Ac- 
count of  it.  That  he  believ'd  there  was  a  Supream  Being,  that 
made  the  World  &  every  thing  in  it.  That  the  same  Power  that 
made  it  still  preserves  &  governs  it.  That  it  protects  and  prospers 
good  People  in  this  World,  &  punishes  the  bad  with  Sickness  &  Pov- 
erty. That  after  Death  all  Mankind  are  conducted  into  one  great 
Road,  in  which  both  the  good  &  bad  travel  in  Company  to  a  certain 
Distance  when  this  great  Road  branches  into  2  Paths  the  One  ex- 
tremely Levil,  &  the  other  Mountainous.  Here  the  good  are  parted 
from  the  bad,  by  a  flash  of  Lightening,  the  first  fileing  to  the  Right, 


200  History  of  the  Dividing  Llne  [October 

preserves  them  from  sickness,  and  from  being  surpriz'd  or  Overcome  by 
their  Enemies. 

But  all  such  as  tell  Lies,  and  Cheat  those  they  have  Dealings  with,  he 
never  fails  to  punish  with  Sickness,  Poverty  and  Hunger,  and,  after  all 
that.  Suffers  them  to  be  knockt  on  the  Head  and  scalpt  by  those  that 
fight  against  them. 

He  believ'd  that  after  Death  both  good  and  bad  People  are  conducted 
by  a  strong  Guard  into  a  great  Road,  in  which  departed  Souls  travel 
together  for  some  time,  till  at  a  certain  Distance  this  Road  forks  into  two 
Paths,  the  one  extremely  Levil,  and  the  other  Stony  and  Mountainous. 

Here  the  good  are  parted  from  the  Bad  by  a  flash  of  Lightening,  the 
first  being  hurry 'd  away  to  the  Right,  the  other  to  the  Left.  The  Right 
hand  Road  leads  to  a  charming  warm  Country,  where  the  Spring  is  ever- 
lasting, and  every  Month  is  May;  and  as  the  year  is  always  in  its  Youth, 
so  are  the  People,  and  particularly  the  Women  are  bright  as  Stars,  and 
never  Scold. 

That  in  this  happy  Climate  there  are  Deer,  Turkeys,  Elks,and  Buffaloes 
innumerable,  perpetually  fat  and  gentle,  while  the  Trees  are  loaded  with 
delicious  Fruit  quite  throughout  the  four  Seasons. 

That  the  Soil  brings  forth  Corn  Spontaneously,  without  the  Curse  of 
Labour,  and  so  very  wholesome,  that  None  who  have  the  happiness  to  eat 
of  it  are  ever  Sick,  grow  old,  or  dy. 

Near  the  Entrance  into  this  Blessed  Land  Sits  a  Venerable  Old  Man 
on  a  Mat  richly  woven,  who  examins  Strictly  all  that  are  brought  before 
Him,  and  if  they  have  behav'd  well,  the  Guards  are  order'd  to  open  the 
Crystal  Gate,  and  let  them  enter  into  the  Land  of  Delights. 

The  left  Hand  Path  is  very  rugged  and  uneaven,  leading  to  a  dark 
and  barren  Country,  where  it  is  always  Winter.  The  Ground  is  the  whole 
year  round  cover'd  with  Snow,  and  nothing  is  to  be  seen  upon  the  Trees 
but  Icicles. 

All  the  People  are  hungry,  yet  have  not  a  Morsel  of  any  thing  to  eat, 
except  a  bitter  kind  of  Potato,  that  gives  them  the  Dry-Gripes,  and  fills 
their  whole  Body  with  loathsome  Ulcers,  that  Stink,  and  are  unsupport- 
ably  painfull. 

Here  all  the  Women  are  old  and  ugly,  having  Claws  like  a  Panther, 
with  which  they  fly  upon  the  Men  that  Slight  their  Passion.  For  it  seems 
these  haggard  old  Furies  are  intolerably  fond,  and  expect  a  vast  deal  of 
Cherishing.  They  talk  much  and  exceedingly  Shrill,  giving  exquisite 
Pain  to  the  Drum  of  the  Ear,  which  in  that  Place  of  the  Torment  is  so 
tender,  that  every  Sharp  Note  wounds  it  to  the  Quick, 

At  the  End  of  this  Path  sits  a  dreadful  old  Woman  on  a  monstrous 
Toad-Stool,  whose  head  is  cover'd  with  Rattle-Snakes  instead  of  Tresses, 
with  glaring  white  Eyes,  that  strike  a  Terror  unspeakable  into  all  that 
behold  her. 


October]  The  Secret  History  201 

the  other  to  the  Left.  The  Right  hand  Road  leads  to  a  fine  warm 
country,  where  the  Spring  is  perpetual,  &  every  Month  is  May, 
And  as  the  Year  is  always  in  its  Youth,  so  are  the  People,  and  the 
Women  beautifull  as  Stars,  &  never  scold.  That  in  this  happy 
Climate  there  are  Deer  innumerable  perpetually  fat,  &  the  Trees 
all  bear  delicious  Fruit  in  every  Season.  That  the  Earth  brings 
forth  Com  spontaneously  without  Labour,  which  is  so  very  whole- 
some, that  none  that  eat  of  it  are  ever  Sick,  grow  Old  or  Die.  At 
the  Entrance  into  this  blessed  Land  sits  a  venerable  Old  Man  who 
examines  every  One  before  he  is  admitted,  &  if  he  has  behav'd 
well  the  Guards  are  order'd  to  open  the  Chrystal  Gates  &  let  him 
into  this  Terrestrial  Paradise.  The  left  hand  Path  is  very  rough 
&  uneven,  leading  to  a  barren  Country,  where  'tis  always  Winter, 
the  Ground  was  cover'd  with  Snow,  &  nothing  on  the  Trees  but 
Iciles.  All  the  People  are  old,  have  no  teeth,  &  yet  are  very 
hungry.  Only  those  who  labour  very  hard  make  the  Ground  Pro- 
duce a  Sort  of  Potato  pleasant  to  the  Tast,  but  gives  them  the  dry 
Gripes,  &  fills  them  full  of  Sores,  which  stinks  and  are  very  pain- 
full. The  Women  are  old  &  ugly  arm'd  with  sharp  Claws  like  a 
Panther,  &  with  those  they  gore  the  Men  that  slight  their  passion. 
For  it  seems  these  haggard  old  Furies  are  intollerably  fond.  They 
talk  very  much,  &  very  shrill,  giving  most  exquisite  pain  to  the 
Drum  of  the  Ear,  which  in  that  horrid  Climate  grows  so  tender, 
that  any  sharp  Note  hurts  it.  On  the  Borders  sits  a  hideous  Old 
Woman  whose  Head  is  cover'd  with  Rattle-Snakes  instead  of 
Tresses,  with  glaring  white  Eyes,  sunk  very  deep  in  her  Head.  Her 
Tongue  is  20  Cubits  long  arm'd  with  sharp  Thorns  as  strong  as 
Iron.  This  Tongue  besides  the  dreadfuU  Sound  it  makes  in 
pronouncing  Sentence,  serves  the  purpose  of  an  Elephant's  Trunk, 
with  which  the  Old  Gentlewoman  takes  up  those  she  has  convicted 
of  Wickedness  &  throws  them  over  a  vast  high  wall  hewn  out  of  one 
Solid  Rock,  that  Surrounds  this  Region  of  Misery,  to  prevent 
Escapes.  They  are  receiv'd  on  the  inside  by  another  Hideous  Old 
Woman  who  consigns  them  over  to  Punishments  proper  for  their 
Crimes.  When  they  have  been  Chastiz'd  here  a  certain  Number  of 
Years  according  to  their  degrees  of  Guilt,  they  are  thrown  over 
the  Wall  again,  &  drawn  once  more  back  into  this  World  of  Trial, 
where  if  they  mend  their  Manners  they  are  conducted  into  the 
abovemention'd  fine  Country  after  their  Death.    This  was  the  Sub- 


202  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [October 

This  Hag  pronounces  Sentence  of  Woe  upon  all  the  miserable  Wretches 
that  hold  up  their  hands  at  her  Tribunal.  After  this  they  are  deliver'd 
over  to  huge  Turkey-Buzzards,  like  harpys,  that  fly  away  with  them  to  the 
Place  above  mentioned. 

Here,  after  they  have  been  tormented  a  certain  Number  of  years,  ac- 
cording to  their  several  Degrees  of  Guilt,  they  are  again  driven  back  into 
this  World,  to  try  if  they  will  mend  their  Manners,  and  merit  a  place 
the  next  time  in  the  Regions  of  Bliss. 

This  was  the  Substances  of  Bearskin's  Religion,  and  was  as  much  to  the 
purpose  as  cou'd  be  expected  from  a  meer  State  of  Nature,  without  one 
Glimpse  of  Revelation  or  Philosophy. 

It  contain'd,  however,  the  three  Great  Articles  of  Natural  Religion: 
The  Belief  of  a  God;  The  Moral  Distinction  betwixt  Good  and  Evil;  and 
the  Expectation  of  Rewards  and  Punishments  in  Another  World. 

Indeed,  the  Indian  Notion  of  a  Future  Happiness  is  a  little  Gross  and 
Sensual,  like  Mahomet's  Paradise.  But  how  can  it  be  otherwise,  in  a 
People  that  are  contented  with  Nature  as  they  find  Her,  and  have  no  other 
Lights  but  what  they  receive  from  purblind  Tradition? 

14.  There  having  been  great  Signs  of  Rain  yesterday  Evening,  we 
had  taken  our  Precautions  in  Securing  the  Bread,  and  trenching  in  our 
Tent. 

The  men  had  also  Stretcht  their  Blankets  upon  Poles,  Penthouse  fashion, 
against  the  Weather,  so  that  nobody  was  taken  unprepar'd. 

It  began  to  fall  heavily  about  three  a'clock  in  the  Morning,  and  held 
not  up  till  near  Noon.  Everything  was  so  thoroughly  Soakt,  that  we  laid 
aside  all  thoughts  of  decamping  that  Day. 

This  gave  leizure  to  the  most  expert  of  our  Gunners  to  go  and  try  their 
Fortunes,  and  they  succeeded  so  well,  that  they  return'd  about  Noon 
with  three  fat  Deer,  and  4  wild  Turkeys.  Thus  Providence  took  care  of 
us,  and  however  short  the  Men  might  be  in  their  Bread,  'tis  certain  they 
had  Meat  at  full  Allowance. 

The  Cookery  went  on  Merrily  all  Night  long,  to  keep  the  Damps  from 
entering  our  Pores;  and  in  truth  the  Impressions  of  the  Air  are  much  more 
powerful  upon  empty  Stomachs. 

In  such  a  Glut  of  Provisions,  a  true  Woodsman,  when  he  has  nothing 
else  to  do,  like  our  honest  countrymen  the  Indians,  keeps  eating  on,  to 
avoid  the  imputation  of  Idleness;  Though,  in  a  Scarcity,  the  Indian  will 
fast  with  a  much  better  Grace  than  they.  They  can  Subsist  Several  days 
upon  a  little  Rockahominy,  which  is  parcht  Indian  Corn  reduc'd  to  powder. 
This  they  moisten  in  the  hollow  of  their  Hands  with  a  little  water,  and  'tis 
hardly  credible  how  small  a  Quantity  of  it  will  Support  them.  Tis  true 
they  grow  a  little  lank  upon  it,  but  to  make  themselves  feel  full,  they 
gird  up  their  Loins  very  tight  with  a  Belt,  taking  up  a  Hole  every  day. 
With  this  Slender  Subsistence  they  are  able  to  travel  very  long  Journeys; 


October]  The  Secret  History  203 

stance  of  Bearskin's  Religion,  which  he  lold  us  with  a  Freedom  un- 
common to  the  Indians. 


14.  It  began  to  rain  about  3  a  Clock  this  Morning  but  so  gently 
that  we  had  leisure  to  secure  the  Bread  from  damage.  It  con- 
tinued raining  all  Night  &  til  near  Noon,  when  it  held  up,  the 
Clouds  look't  very  heavy,  &  frighten'd  us  from  all  thoughts  of  de- 
camping. Meanwell  &  I  lay  abed  all  the  Morning,  believing 
that  the  most  agreeable  situation  in  Wet  Weather.  The  Wind 
blowing  hard  at  NE  made  the  air  very  raw  &  uncomfortable. 
However  several  of  the  Men  went  hunting  in  the  afternoon,  &  kill'd 
a  Deer  &  4  Turkeys,  so  that  the  Frying  Pan  was  not  cool  til  next 
Morning.  The  Chaplain  disdaining  to  be  usefuU  in  one  Capaci- 
ty only,  condescended  to  dam  my  Stockins,  he  acquired  that  with 
his  other  University  Learning  at  the  College  of  Dublin.  At  6  it 
began  to  rain  again,  &  held  not  up  til  9,  when  the  Clouds  seem'd  to 
break  away  &  give  us  a  Sight  of  the  Stars.  (I  dreamt  the  3  Graces 
appear'd  to  me  in  all  their  naked  Charms,  I  singled  out  Charity 
from  the  rest,  with  whom  I  had  an  Intrigue.) 


204  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [October 

but  then,  to  make  themselves  Amends,  when  they  do  meet  with  better 
Chear,  they  eat  without  ceasing,  till  they  have  raven'd  themselves  into 
another  Famine. 

This  was  the  first  time  we  had  ever  been  detain'd  a  whole  day  in  our 
camp  by  the  Rain,  and  therefore  had  Reason  to  bear  it  with  the  more 
patience. 

As  I  sat  in  the  Tent  I  overheard  a  learn'd  conversation  between  one  of 
our  men  and  the  Indian.  He  ask't  the  Englishman  what  it  was  that  made 
that  rumbling  noise  when  it  thunder'd? 

The  man  told  him  merrily,  that  the  God  of  the  English  was  firing  his 
great  Guns  upon  the  God  of  the  Indians,  which  made  all  the  roaring 
in  the  clouds,  and  that  the  Lightening  was  only  the  Flash  of  those 
Guns. 

The  Indian  carrying  on  the  Humour  reply'd  very  gravely,  He  believed 
that  might  be  the  case  indeed,  and  that  the  Rain  which  follow'd  upon  the 
Thunder  must  be  occasion'd  by  the  Indian  God's  being  so  scar'd  he  could 
not  hold  his  Water. 

The  few  good  Husbands  amongst  us  took  some  thought  of  their  Backs 
as  well  as  their  Bellies,  and  made  use  of  this  Opportunity  to  put  their 
Habiliments  in    repair,   which   had   Suffer'd   wofully   by   the    Bushes. 

The  Horses  got  some  rest  by  reason  of  the  bad  weather,  but  very  little 
Food,  the  chief  of  their  Forage  being  a  little  wild  Rosemary,  which  re- 
sembles the  Garden  Rosemary  pretty  much  in  Figure,  but  not  at  all  in  taste 
or  smell.  This  Plant  grows  in  small  Tufts  here  and  there  on  the  Barren 
Land  in  these  upper  Parts,  and  the  Horses  liked  it  well,  but  this  mis- 
fortune was,  they  cou'd  not  get  enough  of  it  to  fill  their  Bellies. 


15.  After  the  Clouds  brake  away  in  the  Morning,  the  People  dryed  their 
Blankets  with  all  diligence.  Nevertheless,  it  was  Noon  before  we  were  in 
condition  to  move  forward,  and  then  were  so  puzzled  with  passing  the  river 
twice  in  a  Small  Distance,  that  we  could  advance  the  Line  in  all  no 
farther  than  One  Single  Mile  and  300  Poles. 

The  first  time  we  past  the  Dan  this  day  was  240  Poles  from  the  Place 
where  we  lay,  and  the  Second  time  was  one  Mile  and  Seven  Poles  beyond 
that.  This  was  now  the  fourth  time  we  forded  that  fine  River,  which  still 
tended  westerly,  with  many  Short  and  returning  Reaches. 

The  Surveyors  had  much  Difficulty  in  getting  over  the  River,  finding  it 
deeper  than  formerly.  The  Breadth  of  it  here  did  not  exceed  fifty  Yards. 
The  Banks  were  about  20  feet  high  from  the  Water,  and  beautifully  beset 
with  canes. 

Our  Baggage  Horses  crost  not  the  River  here  at  all,  but,  fetching  a 
compass,  went  round  the  Bent  of  it.  On  our  Way  we  forded  Sable-Creek, 
so  call'd  from  the  Dark  Colour  of  the  Water,  which  happen'd,  I  suppose, 
by  its  being  Shaded  on  both  Sides  with  canes. 


October]  The  Secret  History  205 


15.  The  Weather  promiseing  to  be  fair,  we  hurry'd  away  the 
Surveyors  as  early  as  we  cou'd,  but  did  not  follow  with  the  Bag- 
gage til  One  a  Clock,  because  the  thick  Woods  made  it  difficult  to 
find  the  Horses.  Interpos'd  very  seasonably  to  decide  a  Wager 
betwixt  two  of  the  Warmest  of  our  Men  which  might  otherwise 
have  inflamed  them  into  a  Quarrel.  In  about  a  Mile's  march  we 
past  over  a  large  Creek  whose  Banks  were  fring'd  with  Canes.  We 
call'd  it  Sable  Creek  from  the  Colour  of  its  Water.  Our  Surveyors 
crost  the  Dan  twice  this  Day.  The  first  time  was  240  Poles  from 
our  Camp,  &  Second  in  one  Mile  &  7  Poles  farther,  &  from  thence 
proceeded  with  the  Line  only  59  Poles,  in  all  no  more  than  one 
Mile  &  300  Poles.  The  difficulty  they  had  in  passing  the  River 
twice,  made  their  days  work  so  small.  The  Baggage  did  not  cross 
the  River  at  all  but  went  round  the  Bent  of  it,  &  in  the  Evening 
we  encamp  on  a  charming  piece  of  Ground  that  commanded  the 


206  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [October 

In  the  Evening  we  quarter'd  in  a  Charming  Situation  near  the  angle 
of  the  River,  from  whence  our  Eyes  were  carried  down  both  Reaches, 
which  kept  a  Straight  Course  for  a  great  way  together. 

This  Prospect  was  so  beautiful,  that  we  were  perpetually  climbing 
up  to  a  Neighbouring  eminence,  that  we  might  enjoy  it  in  more  Perfection. 

Now  the  Weather  grew  cool,  the  Wild  Geese  began  to  direct  their  Flight 
this  way  from  Hudson's  Bay,  and  the  Lakes  that  lay  North-west  of  us. 

They  are  very  lean  at  their  first  coming,  but  fatten  soon  upon  a  Sort  of 
Grass  that  grows  on  the  Shores  and  Rocks  of  this  River. 

The  Indians  call  this  Fowl  Cohunks,  from  the  hoarse  Note  it  has, 
and  begin  the  year  from  the  Coming  of  the  Cohunks,  which  happens 
in  the  Beginning  of  October. 

These  Wild  Geese  are  guarded  from  cold  by  a  Down,  that  is  exquisitely 
soft  and  fine,  which  makes  them  much  more  valuable  for  their  Feathers 
than  for  their  Flesh,  which  is  dark  and  coarse. 

The  Men  chast  a  Bear  into  the  River  that  got  safe  over,  notwithstanding 
the  continual  fire  from  the  Shore  upon  Him.  He  Seem'd  to  Swim  but 
heavily,  considering  it  was  for  his  Life. 

Where  the  Water  is  Shallow,  'tis  no  Uncommon  thing  to  see  a  Bear 
sitting,  in  the  Summer  time,  on  a  heap  of  Gravel  in  the  Middle  of  the 
River,  not  only  to  cool  himself,  but  likewise  for  the  Advantage  of  Fishing, 
particularly  for  a  small  Shellfish,  that  is  brought  down  with  the  Stream. 

In  the  upper  part  of  James  River  I  have  observed  this  Several  times, 
and  wonder'd  very  much,  at  first,  how  so  many  heaps  of  small  Stones  came 
to  be  piled  up  in  the  Water,  till  at  last  we  spy'd  a  Bear  Sitting  upon  one  of 
them  looking  with  great  attention  on  the  Stream,  and  rakeing  up  Some- 
thing with  his  Paw,  which  I  take  to  be  the  Shell-fish  above  mention'd. 


16.  It  was  Ten  a'clock  this  Morning  before  the  Horses  cou'd  be  found, 
having  hidden  themselves  among  the  canes,  whereof  there  was  great 
plenty  just  at  hand.  Not  far  from  our  camp  we  went  over  a  Brook, 
whose  Banks  were  edg'd  on  both  Sides  with  these  canes.  But  three  Miles 
further  we  forded  a  larger  Stream,  which  we  call'd  Low  Land  Creek,  by 
reason  of  the  great  Breadth  of  Low  Grounds  inclos'd  between  that  and  the 
River. 

The  high  Land  we  travell'd  over  was  very  good,  and  the  low  Grounds 
promis'd  the  greatest  Fertility  of  any  I  had  ever  seen. 

At  the  End  of  4  Miles  and  311  Poles  from  where  we  lay,  the  Line  inter- 
sected the  Dan  the  fifth  time.  We  had  day  enough  to  carry  it  farther, 
but  the  Surveyors  cou'd  find  no  Safe  ford  over  the  River. 

This  obliged  us  to  ride  two  Miles  up  the  River  in  quest  of  a  Ford,  and 
by  the  way  we  traverst  Several  Small  Indian  Fields,  where  we  conjectur'd 


October]  The  Secret  History  207 

Prospect  of  the  Reaches  of  the  River,  which  were  about  50  Yards 
over  &  the  Banks  adom'd  with  Canes.  We  pitch't  the  Tent  at  the 
Bottom  of  a  Mount,  which  we  call'd  Mount  Pleasant,  for  the  Beauty 
of  the  Prospect  from  thence.  This  Night  Astrolabe's  Servant  had 
his  Purse  cut  off,  in  which  he  lost  his  own  Money,  &  some  that  my 
Man  had  put  into  his  keeping.  We  cou'd  suspect  no  Body  but 
Holmes  of  the  Kingdom  of  Ireland,  who  had  watched  it  seems 
that  Night  for  several  of  the  Men,  without  which  he  cou'd  not  have 
had  an  Opportunity.  He  had  also  the  Insolence  to  strike  Mean- 
wells  Servant,  for  which  he  had  like  to  have  been  toss't  in  a  Blan- 
ket. Astrolabe's  Horse  fell  with  him  in  the  River  which  had  no 
other  Consequence  but  to  refresh  him,  &  make  the  rest  of  the  Com- 
pany merry.  Here  the  Low-Ground  was  very  narrow,  but  very  dry, 
&  very  delightfull. 


16.  The  Surveyors  got  to  work  about  9,  &  we  foUow'd  with  the 
Baggage  at  11.  They  carry'd  the  Line  about  4^^  Miles,  &  were 
stop't  by  the  River  over  which  they  cou'd  not  find  a  Ford.  We 
past  a  small  Creek  near  our  Camp,  which  had  Canes  on  each  side 
on  which  our  Horses  had  feasted.  The  Constant  Current  in  the 
River  may  be  computed  to  run  about  2  Knots,  &  we  discover'd  no 
Fall,  over  which  a  Canoe  might  not  pass.  Our  Journey  this  day 
was  thro'  very  Open  Woods.  At  3  Miles  distance  we  crost  another 
Creek,  which  we  call'd  Lowland  Creek  from  a  great  Breadth  of 
Low  Land  made  by  this  Creek  &  the  River,  which  ran  about  ^4  of 
a  Mile  to  the  Northward  of  us.  We  were  obliged  to  go  2  Miles 
higher  than  where  our  Line  intersected  the  River,  because  we 


208  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [October 

the  SAWRO'S^^  had  been  used  to  plant  Corn,  the  Town  where  they  had 
liv'd  lying  Seven  or  Eight  Miles  more  Southerly,  upon  the  Eastern  Side 
of  the  River. 

These  Indian  Fields  produc'd  a  Sweet  kind  of  Grass,  Almost  knee-high, 
which  was  excellent  Forage  for  the  Horses. 

It  must  b  observ'd,  by  the  way,  that  Indian  Towns,  like  Religious 
Houses,  are  remarkable  for  a  fruitful  Situation;  for  being  by  Nature  not 
very  Industrious,  they  choose  such  a  Situation  as  will  Subsist  them  with 
the  least  Labour. 

The  Trees  grew  Surprisingly  large  in  this  low-Ground,  and  amongst  the 
rest  we  observ'd  a  tall  kind  of  hiccory,  peculiar  to  the  Upper  Parts  of 
the  Country.  It  is  cover'd  with  a  very  rough  Bark,  and  produces  a  Nut 
with  a  thick  Shell  that  is  easily  broken.  The  Kernel  is  not  so  rank  as 
that  of  the  Common  Hiccory,  but  altogether  as  oily. 

And  now  I  am  upon  the  Subject  of  these  Nuts,  it  may  not  be  improper 
to  remark,  that  a  very  great  benefit  might  be  made  of  Nut-Oyl  in  this 
Colony.  The  Walnuts,  the  Hickory-Nuts,  and  Nig-nuts,'^^  contains  a  vast 
deal  of  Oyl,  that  might  be  press'd  out  in  great  abundance  with  proper 
Machines. 

The  Trees  grow  very  kindly,  and  may  be  easily  propagated.  They  bear 
plenty  of  Nuts  every  year,  that  are  now  of  no  other  use  in  the  World  but 
to  feed  Hogs.  'Tis  certain  there  is  a  large  Consumption  of  this  Oyl  in 
Several  of  our  Manufactures,  and  in  some  parts  of  France,  as  well  as  in 
other  Countries,  it  is  eaten  instead  of  Oyl-Olive,  being  tolerably  Sweet  and 
wholesome. 

The  Indian  kill'd  a  fat  Buck,  and  the  men  brought  in  four  Bears  and  a 
Brace  of  wild  Turkeys,  so  that  this  was  truly  a  Land  of  Plenty,  both  for 
man  and  Beast. 


17.  We  detacht  a  Party  this  morning  early  in  Search  of  a  Ford,  who 
after  all  cou'd  find  None  that  was  safe;  tho'  dangerous  as  it  was,  we 
determin'd  to  make  use  of  it,  to  avoid  all  further  delay.  Accordingly  we 
rode  over  a  Narrow  Ledge  of  Rocks,  Some  of  which  lay  below  the  Surface 
of  the  Water,  and  some  above  it. 

Those  that  lay  under  the  Water  were  as  Slippery  as  Ice;  and  the 
Current  glided  over  them  so  swiftly,  that  tho'  it  was  only  Water,  it  made 
us  perfectly  drunk.  Yet  we  were  all  so  fortunate  as  to  get  safe  over  to  the 
West  Shore,  with  no  other  Damage  than  the  Sopping  some  of  our  Bread  by 
the  flounceing  of  the  Horses. 


"The  Cheraws,  who  originally  lived  in  the  mountain  region  of  Western  North 
Carolina  where  they  were  known  as  the  Suale.  Some  time  prior  to  1700  they  moved 
to  the  valley  of  the  Dan  and  established  two  villages.  About  1710  they  migrated 
to  South  Carolina,  where  they  ultimately  united  with  the  Catawbas. 

'^The  fruit  of  the  brown  hickory. 


October]  The  Secret  History  209 

cou'd  not  find  a  Ford.  In  our  way  we  went  thro'  several  large 
Indian  Fields  where  we  fancy'd  the  Sauro  Indians*'^  had  formerly 
planted  Com.  We  encampt  near  one  of  these  Indian  Corn  Fields, 
where  was  excellent  Food  for  our  Horses.  Our  Indian  kill'd  a 
Deer  &  the  Men  knock't  down  no  less  than  4  Bears  &  2  Turkeys,  so 
that  this  was  truly  a  Land  of  Plenty  both  for  Man  &  Beast.  D' 
Humdrum  of  this  Camp  first  discover'd  his  Passion  for  the  deli- 
cious Flesh  of  Bear. 


17.  The  Surveyors  mov'd  early,  &  went  back  at  least  2  Miles  on 
the  South  Side  of  the  River  before  they  cou'd  get  over.  Nor  was 
it  without  difficulty,  &  some  Danger,  that  they  &  we  crost  this  Ford, 
being  full  of  Rocks  &  Holes,  &  the  currant  so  swift  that  it  made 
them  giddy.  However  Heaven  be  prais'd  we  all  got  safe  on  the 
other  Side,  Only  One  Baggage  Horse  stumbled,  &  sopt  a  little  of 
the  Bread.  The  puzzle  in  crossing  the  River,  &  the  thick  Woods 
hinder'd  our  Surveyors  from  carrying  the  Line  farther  than  2 
Miles  &  250  Poles,  to  the  Banks  of  Caskade  Creek,  so  call'd  from 
several  Water  Falls  that  are  in  it.    We  encampt  the  sooner  because 


See  Note  73,  History  of  the  Dividing  Line. 


210  History  of  the  Dividing  Lme  [October 

The  tedious  time  Spent  in  finding  out  this  Ford,  and  in  getting  all  the 
Horses  over  it,  prevented  our  carrying  the  Line  more  than  2  Miles  and 
250  Poles. 

This  was  the  last  time  we  crost  the  Dan  with  out  Line,  which  now 
began  to  run  away  more  Southerly,  with  a  very  flush  and  plentfiul  Stream, 
the  Description  whereof  must  be  left  to  future  Discoveries,  tho'  we  are 
well  assured  by  the  Indians  that  it  runs  thro'  the  Mountains. 

We  conducted  the  Baggage  a  round  about  way  for  the  Benefit  of 
evener  Grounds,  and  this  carry 'd  us  over  a  broad  Levil  of  exceeding  rich 
Land,  full  of  large  Trees,  with  Vines  marry'd  to  them,  if  I  may  be  allow'd 
to  speak  so  Poetically. 

We  untreed  a  young  Cub  in  our  March,  that  made  a  brave  Stand  against 
one  of  the  best  of  our  Dogs.  This  and  a  Fawn  were  all  the  Game  that 
came  in  our  way. 

In  this  day's  Journey,  as  in  many  others  before,  we  saw  beautiful 
Marble  of  Several  Colours,  and  particularly  that  of  the  Purple  kind  with 
white  Streaks,  and  in  some  places  we  came  across  large  pieces  of  pure 
Alabaster. 

We  markt  out  our  Quarters  on  the  Banks  of  a  purling  Stream,  which  we 
call'd  Casquade  Creek,  by  reason  of  the  Multitude  of  Water-Falls  that  are 
in  it.  But,  different  from  all  other  Falls  that  ever  I  met  with,  the  Rocks 
over  which  the  water  roll'd  were  Soft  and  would  Split  easily  into  broad 
Flakes,  very  proper  for  Pavement;  and  some  Fragments  of  it  seem'd 
soft  enough  for  Hones,  and  the  Grain  fine  enough. 

Near  our  Camp  we  found  a  prickly  Shrub,  riseing  about  a  foot  from  the 
Ground,  something  like  that  which  bears  the  Barberry,  tho'  much  Smaller. 
The  Leaves  had  a  fresh,  agreeable  Smell,  and  I  am  perswaded  the  Ladies 
would  be  apt  to  fancy  a  Tea  made  of  them,  provided  they  were  told  how 
far  it  came,  and  at  the  Same  time  were  obliged  to  buy  it  very  dear. 

About  a  Mile  to  the  South-West  of  our  Camp  rose  a  regular  Mount,  that 
commanded  a  full  Prospect  of  the  Mountains,  and  an  Extensive  View  of 
the  Flat  Country.  But  being,  with  respect  to  the  high  Mountains,  no  more 
than  a  Pimple,  we  call'd  it  by  that  Name. 

Presently  after  Sunset  we  discovered  a  great  Light  towards  the  West, 
too  bright  for  a  fire,  and  more  resembling  the  Aurora  Borealis.  This,  all 
our  Woodsmen  told  us,  was  a  Common  Appearance  in  the  High  Lands, 
and  generally  foreboded  bad  Weather.  Their  Explanation  happen'd 
to  be  exactly  true,  for  in  the  Night  we  had  a  Violent  Gale  of  Wind,  ac- 
company'd  with  Smart  Hail,  that  rattled  frightfully  amongst  the  Trees, 
tho'  it  was  not  large  enough  to  do  us  any  Harm. 


(18).     We  crost  Casquade  Creek  over  a  Ledge  of  Smooth  Rocks,  and 
then  Scuffled  thro'  a  mighty  Thicket,  at  least  three  Miles  long.    The  whole 


October]  The  Secret  History  211 

it  threaten'd  Rain  the  Wind  strong  at  N  E.  In  our  way  to  this 
Place  we  went  over  abundance  of  good  Land,  made  so  by  the 
River,  &  this  Creek.  Our  Dogs  catch't  a  Young  Cubb,  &  the  In- 
dian kill'd  a  young  Buck.  Near  the  Creek  we  found  a  very  good 
kind  of  Stone  that  flaked  into  thin  Pieces  fit  for  Pavement.  About 
a  Mile  S  W  from  our  Camp  was  a  high  Mount  that  commanded 
a  full  Prospect  of  the  Mountains,  &  a  very  extensive  view  of  all 
the  flat  country.  But  being  with  Respect  to  the  Mountains  no 
more  than  a  Pimple,  we  call'd  it  by  that  Name. 


18.     The  Weather  clearing  up  with  a  brisk  N  Wester,  we  dis- 
patch't  the  Surveyors  about  9,  who  carry'd  the  Line  about  6  Miles 


212  History  of  the  Dividing  Li.ne  [October 

was  one  continued  Tract  of  rich  high  Land,  the  woods  whereof  had  been 
burnt  not  long  before.  It  was  then  overgrown  with  Saplings  of  Oak, 
Hiccory  and  Locust,  interlac'd  with  Grape  Vines,  In  this  fine  Land, 
however,  we  met  with  no  Water,  till  at  the  End  of  three  Miles  we  luckily 
came  upon  a  Chrystal  Stream,  which,  like  some  Lovers  of  Conversation, 
discover'd  every  thing  committed  to  its  faithless  Bosom. 

Then  we  came  upon  a  piece  of  Rich  Low  Ground,  covered  with  large 
Trees,  of  the  extent  of  half  a  Mile,  which  made  us  fancy  ourselves  not  far 
from  the  River;  tho'  after  that  we  ascended  gently  to  higher  Land,  with 
no  other  Trees  growing  upon  it  except  Butter-wood,  which  is  one  Species  of 
White  Maple. 

This  being  a  dead  Levil,  without  the  least  Declivity  to  carry  off  the 
Water,  was  moist  in  many  Places,  and  produc'd  abundance  of  Grass.  All 
our  Woodsmen  call  these  flat  Grounds  High-Land-Ponds,  and  in  their 
Trading  Journeys  are  glad  to  halt  at  such  Places  for  Several  days  together, 
to  recruit  their  Jaded  Horses,  especially  in  the  Winter  Months,  when  there 
is  little  or  no  Grass  to  be  found  in  other  Places. 

This  High-Land-Pond  extended  above  two  Miles,  our  Palfrey's  Snatch- 
ing greedily  at  the  Tufts  of  Grass,  as  they  went  along.  After  we  got  over 
this  Level,  we  descended  some  Stony  Hills  for  about  half  a  Mile,  and 
then  came  upon  a  large  Branch  of  the  River,  which  we  christen'd  the 
Irvin,  in  honour  of  our  learned  Professor.  This  River  we  forded  with 
much  DifiSculty  and  some  Danger,  by  reason  of  the  Hollow-Spaces  betwixt 
the  Rocks,  into  which  our  Horses  plunged  almost  every  Step. 

The  Irvin  runs  into  the  Dan  about  four  Miles  to  the  Southward  of  the 
Line,  and  seem'd  to  roll  down  its  Waters  from  the  N.  N.  W.  in  a  very  full 
and  Limpid  stream,  and  the  Murmur  it  made,  in  tumbling  over  the  Rocks, 
caus'd  the  Situation  to  appear  very  Romantick,  and  had  almost  made  some 
of  the  Company  Poetical,  tho'  they  drank  nothing  but  Water. 

We  encampt  on  a  pleasant  Hill,  overlooking  the  River,  which  seem'd 
to  be  deep  every  where  except  just  where  we  forded.  In  the  mean  time, 
neither  the  Chain  of  Rocks,  nor  any  other  that  we  could  observe  in  this 
Stream,  was  so  uninterrupted,  but  that  there  were  Several  Breaks  where  a 
Canoe,  or  even  a  Moderate  Flat-bottom'd  Boat,  might  Shear  clear.  Nor 
have  we  reason  to  believe  there  are  any  other  Falls  (except  the  great  ones, 
thirty  Miles  below  Moniseep-Ford)  that  reach  quite  across,  so  as  to  inter- 
rupt the  Navigation  for  Small  Craft.  And  I  have  been  inform'd  that, 
even  at  those  Great  Falls,  the  Blowing  up  a  few  Rocks  wou'd  open  a 
Passage  at  least  for  canoes,  which  certainly  wou'd  be  an  unspeakable 
Convenience  to  the  Inhabitants  of  all  that  beautiful  Part  of  the  Country. 

The  Indian  kill'd  a  very  fat  Doe,  and  came  across  a  Bear,  which  had 
been  put  to  Death  and  was  half  devour'd  by  a  Panther.  The  last  of  these 
Brutes  reigns  absolute  Monarch  of  the  Woods,  and  in  the  keenness  of  his 
hunger  will  venture  to  attack  a  Bear;  tho'  then  'tis  ever  by  surprize,  as 
all  Beasts  of  the  cat  kind  use  to  come  upon  their  Prey. 


October]  The  Secret  History  213 

&  30  Poles  to  a  Branch  of  the  Dan,  which  we  call'd  the  Irvine.  We 
did  not  follow  with  the  Baggage  til  12.  We  crost  Cascade  Creek 
over  a  Ledge  of  Rocks,  &  march't  thro'  a  large  Plane  of  good  Land 
but  very  thick  Woods,  for  at  least  4  Miles  together.  We  met  with 
no  Water  in  all  that  Distance.  A  little  before  Sunset  we  crost  the 
Irvine  at  a  deep  Ford,  where  the  Rocks  were  so  slippery  the 
Horses  cou'd  hardly  keep  their  Feet.  But  by  the  great  Care  of  Tom 
Jones  we  all  got  safe  over,  without  any  Damage  to  our  Bread.  We 
encamp't  on  a  Pleasant  Hill  in  Sight  of  the  River,  the  Sand  of 
which  is  full  of  Shining  particles.  Bearskin  kill'd  a  fat  Doe,  & 
came  across  a  Bear,  which  had  been  kill'd,  &  half  devour'd  by  a 
Panther.  The  last  of  these  Brutes  reigns  King  of  the  Woods,  & 
often  kills  the  poor  Bears,  I  believe  more  by  surprize  than  fair 
Fight.  They  often  take  them  Napping.  Bears  being  very  Sleepy 
Animals,  &  tho'  they  be  very  Strong,  yet  is  their  Strength  heavy, 
&  the  Panthers  are  much  Nimbler.  The  Doctor  grutch't  the 
Panther  this  Dainty  Morsel,  being  so  fond  of  Bear,  that  he  wou'd 
rise  before  day  to  eat  a  Griskin  of  it. 


214  History  of  the  Dividing  Li.ne  [October 

Their  Play  is  to  take  the  poor  Bears  napping,  they  being  very  drowsy 
Animals,  and  tho'  they  be  exceedingly  Strong,  yet  their  Strength  is  heavy, 
while  the  Panthers  are  too  Nimble  and  cunning  to  trust  themselves  within 
their  Hugg. 

As  formidable  as  this  Beast  is  to  his  Fellow  Brutes,  he  never  has  the 
confidence  to  venture  upon  a  Man,  but  retires  from  him  with  great  respect, 
if  there  be  a  way  open  for  his  Escape.  However,  it  must  be  confesst, 
his  Voice  is  a  little  contemptible  for  a  Monarch  of  the  Forrest,  being  not 
a  great  deal  lowder  nor  more  awful  than  the  Mewing  of  a  Household 
CatJS 

In  South  Carolina  they  call  this  Beast  a  Tyger,  tho'  improperly,  and  so 
they  do  in  some  parts  of  the  Spanish  West  Indies.  Some  of  their  Authors, 
a  little  more  properly,  complement  it  with  the  Name  of  Leopard.  But 
none  of  these  are  the  Growth  of  America,  that  we  know  of. 

The  Whole  Distance  the  Surveyors  advanc'd  the  Line  this  day  amounted 
to  6  Miles  and  30  Poles,  which  was  no  small  Journey,  considering  the 
Grounds  we  had  traverst  were  exceedingly  rough  and  vmeven,  and  in  many 
Places  intolerably  entangled  with  Bushes.  All  the  Hills  we  ascended  were 
encumber'd  with  Stones,  many  of  which  seem'd  to  contain  a  Metallick 
Substance,  and  the  Vallies  we  crost  were  interrupted  with  Miry  Branches. 
From  the  Top  of  every  Hill  we  cou'd  discern  distinctly,  at  a  great  Distance 
to  the  Northward,  three  or  four  Ledges  of  Mountains,  rising  one  above 
another;  and  on  the  highest  of  all  rose  a  Single  Mountain,  very  much 
resembling  a  Woman's  Breast. 


19.  About  four  Miles  beyond  the  River  Irvin,  we  forded  Matrimony 
Creek,  call'd  so  by  an  unfortunate  marry'd  man,  because  it  was  exceedingly 
noisy  and  impetuous.  However,  tho'  the  Stream  was  Clamorous,  yet, 
like  those  Women  who  make  themselves  plainest  heard,  it  was  likewise 
perfectly  clear  and  unsully'd. 

Still  half  a  Mile  further  we  saw  a  Small  Mountain,  about  five  Miles  to 
the  North-west  of  us,  which  we  call'd  the  Wart,  because  it  appeared  no 
bigger  than  a  Wart,  in  Comparison  of  the  great  Mountains  which  hid 
their  haughty  Heads  in  the  Clouds. 

We  were  not  able  to  extend  the  Line  farther  than  5  Miles  and  135  Poles, 
notwithstanding  we  began  our  March  Early  in  the  Morning,  and  did  not 
encamp  till  it  was  almost  dark. 

We  made  it  the  later  by  endeavouring  to  Quarter  in  some  convenient 
Situation,  either  for  Grass  or  Canes.     But  Night  Surprising  us,  we  were 


'*"Some  authors  who  have  given  an  Account  of  the  Southern  Continent  of  America 
wou'd  make  the  World  believe  there  are  lyons  when  in  all  likelihood  they  were  mis- 
taken, imagining  these  Panthers  to  be  Lyons.  What  makes  this  probable  is,  that 
the  Northern  and  Southern  parts  of  America  join'd  by  the  Isthmus  of  Darian  if 
there  were  Lyons  in  either  they  would  find  their  way  into  the  other,  the  Latitudes  of 
each  being  equally  proper  for  that  generous  animal."     (Byrd's  Note.) 


October]  The  Secret  History  215 


19.  About  9  the  Surveyors  took  their  Departure,  and  advanct 
with  the  Line  5  Miles  &  135  Poles,  Nor  was  this  a  small  Days  work 
considering  the  way  was  more  uneven  &  full  of  Thickets  than  ever. 
We  did  not  follow  them  til  12,  because  some  of  the  Bread-Horses 
were  missing.  Astrolabe  wou'd  have  feign  sent  out  2  of  the  Men 
to  find  out  where  the  Dan  &  the  Irvine  f  ork't,  but  I  wou'd  not  con- 
sent to  it,  for  fear  they  shou'd  fall  into  some  disaster,  We  being 
now  near  the  Path  which  the  Northern  Indians  take  when  they 
march  against  those  of  the  South.  Something  more  than  4  Miles 
from  our  Camp  we  crost  Matrimony  Creek,  which  receiv'd  its 
Name  from  being  very  Noisy,  the  water  murmuring  Everlastingly 
amongst  the  Rocks.  Half  a  Mile  beyond  this  Creek  we  discover'd 
5  Miles  to  the  N  W  of  the  Line,  a  small  Mountain  which  we  call'd 
the  Wart.  We  would  willingly  have  marcht  to  a  good  place  for 
our  Horses  which  began  to  grow  very  weak,  but  Night  coming  on, 
we  were  oblig'd  to  encamp  on  very  uneven  Ground,  so  overgrown 
with  Bushes  &  Saplins,  that  we  cou'd  with  difficulty  see  10  Yards 


216  History  of  the  Dividing  Llne  [October 

oblig'd  to  Lodge  at  last  upon  High  and  uneven  Ground,  which  was  so 
overgrown  with  Shrubs  and  Saplings,  that  we  cou'd  hardly  see  ten  yards 
around  us. 

The  most  melancholy  part  of  the  Story  was,  that  our  Horses  had  Short 
Commons.  The  poor  Creatures  were  now  grown  so  weak  that  they 
Stagger'd  when  we  mounted  them.  Nor  wou'd  our  own  Fare  have  been  at 
all  more  plentiful,  had  we  not  been  so  provident  as  to  carry  a  Load  of 
Meat  along  with  us.  Indeed,  the  Woods  were  too  thick  to  shew  us  any  sort 
of  Game  but  one  Wild  Turkey,  which  help'd  to  enrich  our  Soup. 

To  make  us  amends,  we  found  abundance  of  very  Sweet  Grapes,  which, 
with  the  help  of  Bread,  might  have  furnish'd  out  a  good  Italian  Repast, 
in  the  Absence  of  more  Savoury  Food. 

The  men's  Mouths  water'd  at  the  Sight  of  a  Prodigious  Flight  of  Wild 
Pigeons,  which  flew  high  over  our  Heads  to  the  Southward. 

The  Flocks  of  these  Birds  of  Passage  are  so  amazingly  great,  Some- 
times, that  they  darken  the  Sky;  nor  is  it  uncommon  for  them  to  light 
in  such  Numbers  on  the  Larger  Limbs  of  Mulberry-Trees  and  Oaks  as  to 
break  them  down. 

In  their  Travels  they  make  vast  Havock  among  the  Acorns  and  Berries 
of  all  Sorts,  that  they  waste  whole  Forrests  in  a  short  time,  and  leave  a 
Famine  behind  them  for  most  other  Creatures;  and  under  Some  Trees 
where  they  light,  it  is  no  Strange  thing  to  find  the  ground  cover'd  three 
Inches  thick  with  their  Dung.  These  Wild  Pigeons  commonly  breed  in 
the  uninhabitated  parts  of  Canada,  and  as  the  Cold  approaches  assemble 
their  Armies  and  bend  their  Course  Southerly,  Shifting  their  Quarters, 
like  many  of  the  Winged  kind,  according  to  the  Season.  But  the  most  re- 
markable thing  in  their  Flight,  as  we  are  told,  is  that  they  never  have 
been  observ'd  to  return  to  the  Northern  Countries  the  same  way  they  came 
from  thence,  but  take  quite  another  Rout,  I  suppose  for  their  better 
Subsistence. 

In  these  long  Flights  they  are  very  lean,  and  their  Flesh  is  far  from 
being  white  or  tender,  tho'  good  enough  upon  a  March,  when  Hunger  is 
the  sauce,  and  makes  it  go  down  better  than  Truffles  and  Morels  wou'd  do. 


20.  It  was  now  Sunday,  which  we  had  like  to  have  spent  in  Fasting  as 
well  as  Prayer;  for  our  Men,  taking  no  Care  for  the  Morrow,  like  good 
Christians,  but  bad  Travellers,  had  improvidently  Devour'd  all  their 
Meat  for  Supper. 

They  were  order 'd  in  the  Morning  to  drive  up  their  Horses,  lest  they 
shou'd  stray  too  far  from  the  Camp  and  be  lost,  in  case  they  were  let 
alone  all  day.  At  their  Return  they  had  the  very  great  Comfort  to  behold 
a  monstrous  fat  Bear,  which  the  Indian  had  kill'd  very  Seasonably  for  their 
Breakfast. 


October]  The  Secret  History  217 

before  us.  Here  our  Horses  met  with  short  Commons,  &  so  shou'd 
we  too,  if  we  had  not  brought  a  Horse  Load  of  Meat  along  with 
Us.  All  that  our  Hunters  cou'd  kill  was  only  one  Turkey,  which 
helpt  however  to  Season  the  Broth. 


20.  This  being  Sunday,  I  wash't  off  all  my  weeks  Dirt,  &  refresht 
myself  with  clean  Linnen.  We  had  Prayers  &  a  Sermon.  We 
began  here  to  fall  from  5  to  4  Pounds  of  Bread  a  Man  for  the  fol- 
lowing Week,  computeing  we  had  enough  at  that  rate  to  last  a 
Month  longer.  Our  Indian  had  the  Luck  to  kill  a  monstrous  fat 
Bear,  which  came  very  seasonably,  for  our  Men  having  Nothing 
else  to  do,  had  eat  up  all  their  Meat,  &  began  to  look  very  pensive. 


218  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [October 

We  thought  it  still  necessary  to  make  another  Reduction  of  our  Bread, 
from  four  to  three  Pounds  a  Week  to  every  man,  computing  that  we 
had  still  enough  in  that  Proportion  to  last  us  Three  weeks  longer. 

The  Atmosphere  was  so  smoaky  all  round  us,  that  the  Mountains  were 
again  growing  invisible.  This  happen'd  not  from  the  Hazyness  of  the 
Sky,  but  from  the  fireing  of  the  Woods  by  the  Indians,  for  we  were  now 
near  the  Route  the  Northern  Savages  take  when  they  go  out  to  War  against 
the  Cataubas  and  other  Southern  Nations. 

On  their  way  the  Fires  they  make  in  their  camps  are  left  burning,  which, 
catching  the  dry  Leaves  they  ly  near,  soon  put  the  adjacent  Woods  into 
a  flame. 

Some  of  our  men  in  Search  of  their  Horses  discovered  one  of  those 
Indian  camps,  where  not  long  before  they  had  been  Furring  and  dressing 
their  Skins. 

And  now  I  mention  the  Northern  Indians,  it  may  not  be  improper  to  take 
Notice  of  their  implacable  Hatred  to  those  of  the  South.  Their  Wars  are 
everlasting,  without  any  Peace,  Enmity  being  the  only  Inheritance  among 
them  that  descends  from  Father  to  Son,  and  either  Party  will  march  a 
thousand  Miles  to  take  their  Revenge  upon  such  Hereditary  Enemies. 

These  long  Expeditions  are  Commonly  carry'd  on  in  the  following 
Manner;  Some  Indian,  remarkable  for  his  Prowess,  that  has  rais'd  himself 
to  the  Reputation  of  a  War-Captain,  declares  his  Intention  of  paying  a  Visit 
to  some  southern  Nation;  Hereupon  as  many  of  the  Young  Fellows  as 
have  either  a  Strong  Thirst  of  Blood  or  Glory,  list  themselves  under  his 
command. 

With  these  Volunteers  he  goes  from  One  Confederate  Town  to  another, 
listing  all  the  Rabble  he  can,  til  he  has  gather'd  together  a  competent 
Number  for  Mischief. 

Their  Arms  are  a  Gun  and  Tomahawk,  and  all  the  Provisions  they 
carry  from  Home  is  a  Pouch  of  Rockahominy.  Thus  provided  and  ac- 
coutr'd,  they  march  towards  their  Enemy's  Country,  not  in  a  Body,  or 
by  a  certain  Path,  but  Straggling  in  Small  Numbers,  for  the  greater  con- 
venience of  Hunting  and  passing  along  undiscover'd. 

So  soon  as  they  approach  the  Grounds  on  which  the  Enemy  is  used  to 
hunt,  they  never  kindle  any  Fire  themselves,  for  fear  of  being  found  out 
by  the  smoak,  nor  will  they  Shoot  at  any  kind  of  Game,  tho'  they  shou'd 
be  half  Famisht,  lest  they  might  alarm  their  Foes,  and  put  them  upon 
their  Guard. 

Sometimes  indeed,  while  they  are  still  at  some  distance,  they  roast  either 
Venison  or  Bear,  till  it  is  very  dry,  and  then  having  Strung  it  on  their 
Belts,  wear  it  round  their  Middle,  eating  very  Sparingly  of  it,  because 
they  know  not  when  they  shall  meet  with  a  fresh  Supply.  But  coming 
nearer,  they  begin  to  look  all  round  the  Hemisphere,  to  watch  if  any 
smoke  ascends,  and  listen  continually  for  the  Report  of  Guns,  in  order 
to  make  some  happy  Discovery  for  their  own  advantage. 


October]  The  Secret  History  219 

But  our  starv'd  Horses  had  no  such  good  Fortune,  meeting  with  no 
other  Food,  but  a  little  Wild  Rosamary  that  grows  on  the  high 
Ground.  This  they  love  very  well  if  they  had  had  enough  of  it, 
but  it  grew  only  in  thin  Tufts  here  &  there.  Tom  Short  brought 
me  a  Hat  full  of  very  good  wild-Grapes  which  were  plentifull  all 
over  these  Woods.  Our  Men,  when  the  Service  was  over,  thought 
it  no  Breach  of  the  Sabbath  to  wash  their  Linnen,  &  put  themselves 
in  Repair,  being  a  Matter  of  indispensible  necessity.  Meanwell 
was  very  handy  at  his  needle,  having  learn't  the  Use  of  that  little 
Implement  at  Sea,  &  flourish  his  Thread  with  as  good  a  Grace  as 
any  Merchant  Taylor. 


220  History  of  the  Dividing  Liwe  [October 

It  is  amazing  to  see  their  Sagacity  in  discerning  the  Track  of  a  Human 
Foot,  even  amongst  dry  leaves,  which  to  our  Shorter  Sight  is  quite 
undiscoverable. 

If  by  one  or  more  of  those  Signs  they  be  able  to  find  out  the  Camp  of 
any  Southern  Indians,  they  Squat  down  in  some  Thicket,  and  keep  them- 
selves hush  and  Snug  till  it  is  dark;  Then  creeping  up  Softly,  they  ap- 
proach near  enough  to  observe  all  the  Motions  of  the  Enemy.  And  about 
two  a  Clock  in  the  Morning,  when  they  conceive  them  to  be  in  a  Profound 
Sleep,  for  they  never  keep  Watch  and  Ward,  pour  in  a  Volley  upon  them, 
each  Singling  out  his  Man.  The  Moment  they  have  discharg'd  their  Pieces, 
they  rush  in  with  their  Tomahawks,  and  make  sure  work  of  all  that  are 
disabled. 

Sometimes,  when  they  find  the  Enemy  Asleep  around  their  little  Fire, 
they  first  Pelt  them  with  little  Stones  to  wake  them,  and  when  they  get 
up,  fire  in  upon  them,  being  in  that  posture  a  better  Mark  than  when 
prostrate  on  the  Ground. 

Those  that  are  kill'd  of  the  Enemy,  or  disabled,  they  Scalp,  that  is, 
they  cut  the  Skin  all  around  the  Head  just  below  the  hair,  and  then 
clapping  their  Feet  to  the  poor  Mortal's  Shoulders,  pull  the  Scalp  off 
clean,  and  carry  it  home  in  Triumph,  being  as  proud  of  those  Trophies,  as 
the  Jews  used  to  be  of  the  Foreskins  of  the  Philistines. 

This  way  of  Scalping  was  practised  by  the  Ancient  Scythians,  who  us'd 
these  hairy  Scalps  as  Towels  at  Home,  and  Trappings  for  their  Horses 
when  they  went  abroad. 

They  also  made  Cups  of  their  Enemies'  Skulls,  in  which  they  drank 
Prosperity  to  their  country,  and  Confusion  to  all  their  Foes. 

The  Prisoners  they  happen  to  take  alive  in  these  expeditions  generally 
pass  their  time  very  Scurvily.  They  put  them  to  all  the  Tortures  that  in- 
genious Malice  and  cruelty  can  invent.  And  (what  shews  the  baseness  of 
the  Indian  Temper  in  Perfection)  they  never  fail  to  treat  those  with  the 
greatest  Inhumanity  that  have  distinguish'd  themselves  most  by  their 
Bravery ;  and,  if  he  be  a  War-Captain,  they  do  him  to  Honour  to  roast  him 
alive,  and  distribute  a  Collop  to  all  that  had  a  Share  in  stealing  the 
Victory."^^ 

They  are  very  cunning  in  finding  out  new  ways  to  torment  their  un- 
happy Captives,  tho',  like  those  of  Hell,  their  usual  Method  is  by  Fire. 
Sometimes  they  Barbecue  them  over  live-Coals,  taking  them  off  every  now 
and  then,  to  prolong  their  Misery;  at  other  times  they  will  Stick  Sharp 
Pieces  of  Lightwood  all  over  their  Body's,  and  setting  them  afire,  let  them 

'"  Tho'  who  can  reproach  the  poor  Indians  for  this  when  Homer  makes  his 
celebrated  hero,  Achilles,  drag  the  Body  of  Hector  at  the  Tail  of  his  chariot  for 
having  fought  gallantly  for  the  defense  of  his  Country.  Nor  was  Alexander  the 
Great  with  all  his  Fam'd  Generosity,  less  inhuman  to  the  brave  Tyrians  2,000  of 
whom  he  ordered  to  be  crucified  in  cold  Blood,  for  no  other  fault  but  for  having 
defended  their  City  most  courageously  against  Him,  dureing  a  Seige  of  Seven  Months. 
And  what  was  still  more  brutal,  he  drag'd  alive  at  the  Tail  of  his  Chariot  thro'  all 
the  Streets  for  defending  the  Town  with  so  much  Vigour."     (Byrd's  Note.) 


October]  The  Secret  History  221 


[Continued  on  page  223] 


222  History  of  the  Dividing  Llne  [October 

burn  down  into  the  Flesh  to  the  very  Bone.  And  when  they  take  a  Stout 
Fellow,  that  they  believe  able  to  endure  a  great  deal,  they  will  tear  all  the 
Flesh  off  his  Bones  with  red  hot  Pincers. 

While  these  and  such  like  Barbarities  are  practising,  the  Victors  are 
so  far  from  being  touch'd  with  Tenderness  and  Compassion,  that  they 
dance  and  Sing  round  these  wretched  Mortals,  shewing  all  the  Marks  of 
Pleasure  and  Jollity.  And  if  such  cruelties  happen  to  be  executed  in  their 
Towns,  they  employ  their  Children  in  tormenting  the  Prisoners,  in  order 
to  extinguish  in  them  betimes  all  Sentiments  of  Humanity. 

In  the  mean  time,  while  these  poor  Wretches  are  under  the  Anguish 
of  all  this  inhuman  Treatment,  they  disdain  so  much  as  to  groan.  Sigh, 
or  shew  the  least  Sign  of  Dismay  or  concern,  so  much  as  in  their  Looks; 
on  the  Contrary,  they  make  it  a  Point  of  Honour  all  the  time  to  Soften 
their  Features,  and  look  as  pleas'd  as  if  they  were  in  the  Actual  Enjoyment 
of  Some  Delight;  and  if  they  never  sang  before  in  their  Lives,  they  will  be 
sure  to  be  Melodious  on  this  sad  and  Dismal  Occasion. 

So  prodigious  a  Degree  of  Passive  Valour  in  the  Indians  is  the  more  to 
be  wonder'd  at,  because  in  all  Articles  of  Danger  they  are  apt  to  behave 
like  Cowards.  And  what  is  still  more  Surprizeing,  the  very  Women 
discover,  on  such  Occasions,  as  great  Fortitude  and  Contempt,  both  of 
Pain  and  Death,  as  the  Gallantest  of  their  Men  can  do. 


21.  The  Apprehension  we  had  of  losing  the  Horses  in  these  Copse 
Woods  were  too  well  founded,  nor  were  the  Precautions  we  us'd  Yesterday 
of  driveing  them  up  Sufficient  to  prevent  their  Straying  away  afterwards, 
notwithstanding  they  were  securely  hobbled. 

We  therefore  Order'd  the  men  out  early  this  Morning  to  look  diligently 
for  them,  but  it  was  late  before  any  cou'd  be  found.  It  seems  they  had 
straggled  in  quest  of  Forrage,  and,  besides  all  that,  the  Bushes  grew  thick 
enough  to  conceal  them  from  being  Seen  at  the  Smallest  Distance.  One 
of  the  People  was  so  bewilder'd  in  search  of  his  Horse,  that  he  lost 
Himself,  being  no  great  Forester. 

However,  because  we  were  willing  to  save  time,  we  left  two  of  our  most 
expert  Woodsmen  behind  to  beat  all  the  Adjacent  Woods  in  Quest  of  Him. 

In  the  mean,  while  the  Surveyors  proceeded  vigorously  on  their  Business, 
but  were  so  perplext  with  Thickets  at  their  first  setting  off,  that  their 
Progress  was  much  retarded. 

They  were  no  sooner  over  that  Difficulty,  but  they  were  oblig'd  to  en- 
counter another.  The  rest  of  the  day's- Work  lay  over  very  Sharp  Hills, 
where  the  dry  leaves  were  so  Slippery  that  there  was  hardly  any  hold  for 
their  Feet.  Such  Rubbs  as  these  prevented  them  from  Measuring  more 
than  4  Miles  and  270  Poles. 

Upon  the  Sides  of  these  Hills  the  Soil  was  rich,  tho'  full  of  Stones,  and 
the  Trees  reasonably  large. 


October]  The  Secret  History  223 


21.  Our  Surveyors  got  to  work  about  9,  &  carry'd  the  Line  4 
Miles  &  270  Poles,  great  Part  of  that  Distance  being  very  hilly,  & 
grown  up  with  Thickets,  But  we  cou'd  not  follow  them  til  after  2. 
Both  Hamilton  &  his  Horse  were  missing,  &  tho'  I  sent  out  several 
Men  in  quest  of  them,  they  were  able  to  find  neither.  At  last 
fearing  we  shou'd  not  overtake  the  Surveyors,  I  left  Tom  Jones  & 
another  Man  to  beat  all  the  adjacent  Woods  for  them.  We  past 
tho'  intollerable  Thickets  to  the  great  Danger  of  our  Eyes,  &  dam- 
age of  our  Cloaths,  Insomuch  that  I  had  enough  to  do  to  keep  my 
Patience  &  sweet  Temper.  With  all  our  Diligence,  we  cou'd  fight 
our  way  thro'  the  Bushes  no  farther  than  2%  Miles  before  Sunset, 
so  that  we  cou'd  not  reach  the  Surveyors.  This  was  a  sensible 
Grief  to  us,  because  they  had  no  Bedding  with  them,  &  probably 
no  Victuals.  And  even  in  the  last  Article  we  were  not  mistaken, 
for  tho'  our  Indians  kill'd  a  Bear,  he  had  left  it  on  the  Line  for  us 
to  pick  up.  Thus  our  Dear  Friends  run  a  risque  of  being  doubly 
starv'd,  both  with  Cold  &  Hunger.  I  knew  this  wou'd  ill  agree  with 
Orion's  delicate  Constitution,  but  Astrolabe  I  was  in  less  pain  for, 
because  he  had  more  Patience  &  cou'd  subsist  longer  upon  licking 


224  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [October 

The  Smoak  continued  still  to  Veil  the  Mountains  from  our  Sight,  which 
made  us  long  for  Rain,  or  a  brisk  Gale  of  Wind,  to  disperse  it.  Nor 
was  the  loss  of  this  wild  Prospect  all  our  concern,  but  we  were  apprehen- 
sive lest  the  Woods  shou'd  be  burnt  in  the  Course  of  our  Line  before  us, 
or  happen  to  take  fire  behind  us,  either  of  which  wou'd  effectually  have 
Starv'd  the  Horses,  and  made  us  all  Foot  Soldiers.  But  we  were  so  happy, 
thank  God!  as  to  escape  this  Misfortune  in  every  Part  of  our  Progress. 

We  were  exceedingly  uneasy  about  our  lost  man,  knowing  he  had  taken 
no  Provision  of  any  kind,  nor  was  it  much  Advantage  towards  his  Support, 
that  he  had  taken  his  Gun  along  with  him,  because  he  had  rarely  been 
guilty  of  putting  any  thing  to  Death. 

He  had  unluckily  wander'd  from  the  Camp  Several  Miles,  and  after 
Steering  Sundry  unsuccessful  Courses,  in  order  to  return,  either  to  us  or 
to  the  Line,  was  at  length  so  tired  he  could  go  no  Farther.  In  this  Distress 
he  sat  himself  down  under  a  Tree,  to  recruit  his  jaded  Spirits,  and  at  the 
same  time  indulge  a  few  Melancholy  Reflections. 

Famine  was  the  first  Phantom  that  appear'd  to  him,  and  was  the 
more  frightfull,  because  he  fancy'd  himself  not  quite  Bear  enough  to 
Subsist  long  upon  licking  his  Paws. 

In  the  mean  time  the  two  Persons  we  had  sent  after  him  hunted  diligently 
great  part  of  the  day  witliout  coming  upon  his  Track.  They  fir'd  their 
Pieces  towards  every  Point  of  the  Compass,  but  cou'd  perceive  no  fireing 
in  return.  However,  advancing  a  little  farther,  at  last  they  made  a  lucky 
Shot,  that  our  Straggler  had  the  good  Fortune  to  hear,  and  he  returning 
the  Salute,  they  soon  found  each  other  with  no  Small  Satisfaction.  But 
tho'  they  lighted  of  the  man,  they  cou'd  by  no  means  light  of  his  Horse, 
and  therefore  he  was  oblig'd  to  be  a  Foot  Soldier  all  the  rest  of  the 
Journey. 

Our  Indian  shot  a  Bear  so  prodigiously  fat,  that  there  was  no  way  to  kill 
Him  but  by  fireing  in  at  his  Ear. 

The  fore  part  of  the  Skull  of  that  Animal  being  guarded  by  a  double 
Bone,  is  hardly  penetrable,  and  when  it  is  very  fat,  a  Bullet  aim'd  at  his 
Body  is  apt  to  lose  its  force,  before  it  reaches  the  Vitals.  This  Animal 
is  of  the  Dog  kind,  and  our  Indians,  as  well  as  Woodsmen,  are  as  fond 
of  its  Flesh  as  the  Chinese  can  be  of  that  of  the  Common  Hound. 


22.  Early  in  the  Morning  we  sent  back  two  men  to  make  further 
Search  for  the  horse  that  was  Stray'd  away.  We  were  unwilling  the  Poor 
man  shou'd  Sustain  such  a  Damage  as  wou'd  eat  out  a  large  Part  of  his 
Pay,  or  that  the  Publick  shou'd  be  at  the  Expense  of  reembursing  Him 
for  it. 

These  foresters  hunted  all  over  the  Neighbouring  Woods,  and  took  as 
much  pains  as  if  the  Horse  had  been  their  own  Property,  but  all  their 
Diligence  was  to  no  purpose. 


October]  The  Secret  History  225 

his  Paws.  We  had  the  Comfort  to  encamp  where  our  Horses 
fared  well,  And  we  drank  Health  to  our  Absent  Friends  in  pure 
Element.  Just  as  it  was  dark  Tom  Jones  brought  poor  Hamilton 
to  us  without  his  Horse.  He  had  contriv'd  to  loose  himself  being 
no  great  Woodsman,  but  pretended  that  he  was  only  bogued.  He 
looked  very  melanchoUy  for  the  Loss  of  his  Horse,  til  I  promis't 
to  employ  my  Interest  to  procure  him  satisfaction.  For  want  of 
Venison  Broth  for  Supper,  we  contented  our  selves  with  some 
Greasy  Soup  (de  Jam  bon,)  which  tho'  it  slip't  down  well  enough 
sat  not  very  easy  on  our  Stomachs.  So  soon  as  we  encampt  I  dis- 
patch't  John  Evans  to  look  for  the  Surveyors,  but  he  retum'd  with- 
out Success,  being  a  little  too  sparing  of  his  Trouble.  We  saw 
a  small  Mountain  to  the  N.  W.  which  we  call'd  Wart. 


22.  This  Morning  early  I  sent  John  Evans  with  Hamilton  back 
to  our  last  Camp  to  make  a  farther  Search  for  the  Stray  Horse, 
with  orders  to  spend  a  whole  day  about  it.  At  the  same  time  I 
dispatch't  Rich^  Smith  to  the  Surveyors  with  some  Provisions  to 
stop  their  Mouths  as  well  as  their  Stomachs.  It  was  11  a  Clock 
before  we  cou'd  get  up  all  the  Horses,  when  we  follow'd  our  Sur- 

16 


226  History  of  the  Dividing  Liwe  [October 

The  Surveyors,  in  the  mean  time,  being  fearful  of  leaving  these  men 
too  far  behind,  advanc'd  the  Line  no  farther  than  One  Mile  and  230  Poles. 

As  we  rode  along  we  found  no  less  than  three  Bears  and  a  fat  Doe, 
that  our  Indian,  who  went  out  before  us,  had  thrown  in  our  Course  and 
we  were  very  glad  to  pick  them  up. 

About  a  Mile  from  the  Camp  we  crost  Miry  Creek,  So  call'd  because 
Several  of  the  Horses  were  mired  in  its  Branches.  About  230  Poles 
beyond  that,  the  Line  intersected  another  River,  that  seem'd  to  be  a  Branch 
of  the  Irvin,  to  which  we  gave  the  Name  of  the  Mayo,  in  complement  to 
the  other  of  our  Surveyors,  It  was  about  50  Yards  wide  where  we  forded 
it,  being  just  below  a  Ledge  of  Rocks,  which  reacht  across  the  River,  and 
made  a  natural  casquade. 

Our  Horses  cou'd  hardly  keep  their  feet  over  these  Slippery  Rocks, 
which  gave  Some  of  their  Riders  no  small  Palpitation. 

This  River  forks  about  a  Quarter  of  a  Mile  below  the  Ford,  and  has 
Some  Scattering  Canes  growing  near  the  Mouth  of  it. 

We  picht  our  Tent  on  the  Western  Banks  of  the  Mayo,  for  the  Pleasure 
of  being  lull'd  to  Sleep  by  the  Casquade,  Here  our  Hunters  had  leisure 
to  go  out  and  try  their  Fortunes,  and  return'd  loaden  with  Spoil.  They 
brought  in  no  less  than  Six  Bears,  exceedingly  fat,  so  that  the  frying 
pan  had  no  rest  all  Night.  We  had  now  the  Opportunity  of  trying  the 
speed  of  these  lumpish  Animals  by  a  fair  Course  it  had  with  the  Nimblest 
of  our  Surveyors. 

A  Cubb  of  a  year  Old  will  run  very  fast,  because,  being  upon  his 
growth,  he  is  never  encumber'd  with  too  much  fat;  but  the  Old  ones 
are  more  Sluggish  and  unwieldy,  especially  when  Mast  is  Plenty.  Then 
their  Nimblest  Gait  is  only  a  heavy  Gallop,  and  their  Motion  is  still 
Slower  down  hill,  where  they  are  oblig'd  to  Sidle  very  awkwardly,  to 
keep  their  Lights  from  riseing  up  into  their  Throat, 

These  Beasts  always  endeavour  to  avoid  a  man,  except  when  they  are 
wounded,  or  happen  to  be  engaged  in  the  Protection  of  their  Cubbs. 

By  the  force  of  these  Instincts  and  that  of  Self-Preservation,  they  will 
now  and  then  throw  ofif  all  Reverence  for  their  Maker's  Image.  For  that 
Reason,  excess  of  hunger  will  provoke  them  to  the  same  Desperate  Attack, 
for  the  support  of  their  Being. 

A  Memorable  Instance  of  that  last  Case  is  said  to  have  happen'd  not 
long  ago  in  New  England,  where  a  Bear  assaulted  a  Man  just  by  his  own 
Door,  and  rearing  himself  upon  his  Haunches,  offer'd  to  take  him  lovingly 
into  his  Hug.  But  the  Man's  Wife  observing  the  Danger  her  Husband 
was  in,  had  the  courage  to  run  behind  the  Bear,  and  thrust  her  two 
Thumbs  into  his  Eyes,  This  made  Bruin  quit  the  Man,  and  turn  short 
upon  the  Woman  to  take  his  Revenge,  but  She  had  the  Presence  of  mind 
to  spring  back  with  more  than  Female  Agility,  and  so  both  their  Lives 
were  preserv'd. 


October]  The  Secret  History  227 

veyors,  &  in  a  Mile  &  a  half  reach't  the  Camp  where  they  had 
lain.  The  Woods  were  extremely  thick  in  the  beginning  of  this 
day's  March,  but  afterwards  grew  pretty  Open.  As  we  road  along, 
we  found  no  less  than  3  Bears  &  a  half  a  Deer  left  upon  the  Line, 
with  which  we  loaded  our  light  Horses. 

We  came  up  with  the  Surveyors  on  the  Banks  of  the  Western 
Branch  of  the  Irvin,  which  we  call'd  the  Mayo.  Here  they  had 
halted  for  us,  not  knowing  the  Reason  why  we  staid  behind  so 
long.  And  this  was  the  cause  they  proceeded  no  farther  with  the 
Line  than  One  Mile  &  230  Poles.  About  a  Mile  before  we  reach't 
this  River,  we  crost  a  small  Creek,  which  we  call'd  Miry  Creek 
because  several  of  the  Branches  of  it  were  Miry.  We  past  the 
Mayo  just  below  a  Ledge  of  Rocks,  where  Meanwell's  Horse  slipt, 
&  fell  upon  one  of  his  Legs,  &  wou'd  have  broke  it,  if  his  Half- 
Jacks  had  not  guarded  it.  As  it  was  his  Ancle  was  bruis'd  very 
much,  &  he  halted  several  Days  upon  it. 

After  the  Tent  was  pitch't,  Astrolabe,  Humdrum,  &  I  clamber'd 
up  a  high  Hill  to  see  what  we  cou'd  discover  from  thence.  On 
the  Brow  of  the  Hill  we  spy'd  a  Young  Cubb  on  the  top  of  a  high 
Tree  at  Supper  upon  some  Acorns.  We  were  so  indiscreet  as  to 
take  no  Gun  with  us,  &  therefore  were  oblig'd  to  hallow  to  the 
Men  to  bring  One.  When  it  came  Astrolabe  undertook  to  fetch 
the  Bear  down,  but  mist  him.  However  the  poor  Beast  hearing 
the  Shot  Rattle  about  his  Ears,  came  down  the  Tree  of  his  own 
Accord,  &  trusted  to  his  Heals.  It  was  a  pleasant  Race  between 
Bruin  &  our  grave  Surveyor,  who  I  must  confess  runs  much  better 
than  he  shoots;  Yet  the  Cubb  out  ran  him  even  down  Hill  where 
Bears  are  said  to  Sidle,  lest  their  Guts  shou'd  come  out  of  their 
mouths.  But  our  Men  had  better  luck,  &  kill'd  no  less  than  6 
of  these  unwieldly  Animals.  We  sent  our  Horses  back  to  Miry 
Creek,  for  the  benefit  of  the  Canes  &  Winter  Grass  which  they 
eat  very  greedily.  There  was  a  Waterfall  in  the  River  just  by  our 
Camp,  the  Noise  of  which  gave  us  Poetical  Dreams,  &  made  us 
say  our  Prayers  in  Metre  when  we  awaked. 


228  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [October 

23.  At  the  Distance  of  62  Poles  from  where  we  lay,  we  crost  the  South 
Branch  of  what  we  took  for  the  Irvin,  nor  was  it  without  Difficulty  we  got 
over,  tho'  it  happen'd  to  be  without  Damage. 

Great  part  of  the  way  after  that  was  Mountainous,  so  that  we  were  no 
sooner  got  down  one  Hill,  but  we  were  oblig'd  to  climb  up  another. 
Only  for  the  last  Mile  of  our  Stage,  we  encounter'd  a  Locust  Thicket  that 
was  level  but  interlac'd  terribly  with  Bryars  and  Grape  Vines. 

We  forded  a  large  creek,  no  less  than  five  times,  the  Banks  of  which 
were  so  steep  that  we  were  forc'd  to  cut  them  down  with  a  Hough. 

We  gave  it  the  Name  of  Crooked  creek,  because  of  its  frequent  Mean- 
ders. The  Sides  of  it  were  planted  with  Shrub-Canes,  extremely  inviting 
to  the  Horses,  which  were  now  quite  jaded  with  clambering  up  so  many 
Precipices,  and  tugging  thro'  so  many  dismal  Thickets,  notwithstanding 
which  we  pusht  the  Line  this  day  Four  Miles  and  69  Poles.  The  men  were 
so  unthrifty  this  Morning  as  to  bring  but  a  Small  Portion  of  their 
Abundance  along  with  them.  This  was  the  more  unlucky,  because  we 
cou'd  discover  no  Sort  of  Game  the  whole  livelong  Day.  Woodsmen  are 
certainly  good  Christians  in  one  respect,  at  least,  that  they  always  leave 
the  Morrow  to  care  for  itself;  tho'  for  that  very  reason  they  ought  to 
pray  more  fervently  for  their  Dayly  Bread  than  most  of  them  remember 
to  do. 

The  Mountains  were  still  conceal'd  from  our  Eyes  by  a  cloud  of  Smoak. 
As  we  went  along  we  were  alarmed  at  the  Sight  of  a  great  Fire,  which 
shewed  itself  to  the  Northward.  This  made  our  small  Corps  march  in 
closer  Order  than  we  us'd  to  do,  lest  perchance  we  might  be  waylaid  by 
Indians.  It  made  us  look  out  Sharp  to  see  if  we  cou'd  discover  any  Track 
or  other  Token  of  these  insidious  Forresters,  but  found  none.  In  the 
mean  time  we  came  often  upon  the  Track  of  Bears,  which  can't  without 
some  Skill  be  distinguisht  from  that  of  Human  Creatures,  made  with 
Naked  Feet.  And  Indeed  a  Young  Woodsman  wou'd  be  puzzled  to  find  out 
the  Difference,  which  consists  principally  in  a  Bear's  Paws  being  some- 
thing Smaller  than  a  Man's  foot  and  in  its  leaving  sometimes  the  Mark 
of  its  Claws  in  the  Impression  made  upon  the  Ground. 

The  Soil  where  the  Locust  Thicket  grew,  was  exceedingly  rich,  as  it 
constantly  is,  where  that  kind  of  Tree  is  Naturally  and  largely  produc'd. 

But  the  Desolation  made  there  lately,  either  by  Fire  or  Caterpillars, 
had  been  so  general,  that  we  could  not  see  a  Tree  of  any  Bigness  standing 
within  our  Prospect.  And  the  Reason  why  a  Fire  makes  such  a  Havock 
in  these  lonely  Parts  is  this. 

The  Woods  are  not  there  burnt  every  year,  as  they  generally  are  amongst 
the  Inhabitants.  But  the  dead  Leaves  and  Trash  of  many  years  are  heapt 
up  together,  which  being  at  length  kindled  by  the  Indians  that  happen 
to  pass  that  way,  furnish  fewel  for  a  conflagration  that  carries  all  be- 
fore it. 


October]  The  Secret  History  229 

23.  Our  Surveyors  mov'd  forward  &  proceeded  with  the  Line  4 
Miles  &  69  Poles.  At  the  distance  of  62  Poles  from  our  Camp, 
we  past  over  another  Branch  of  the  Irvin  with  difficulty  about  half 
a  Mile  from  where  it  fork't.  It  was  extremely  Mountainous  great 
Part  of  the  Way,  &  the  last  Mile  we  encounter'd  a  dreadful! 
Thicket  enterlaced  with  Briars  &  Grape- Vines.  We  crost  a  large 
Creek  no  less  than  5  Times  with  our  Line,  which  for  that  Reason 
we  call'd  Crooked  Creek,  The  Banks  of  it  were  steep  in  many 
Places  &  border'd  with  Canes.  With  great  luck  for  our  Horses 
we  encampt  where  these  Canes  were  plentifull.  This  Refreshment 
was  very  seasonable  after  so  tiresome  a  Journey,  in  which  these 
poor  Beasts  had  clamber'd  up  so  many  Precepices.  About  Sunset 
Evans  &  Hamilton  came  up  with  us,  but  had  been  so  unlucky  as 
not  to  find  the  Horse.  Our  Men  eat  up  a  Horseload  of  Bear, 
which  was  very  unthrifty  Management,  considering  we  cou'd  meet 
with  no  Game  all  this  Day.  But  woodsmen  are  good  Christians 
in  one  Respect,  by  never  taking  Care  for  the  Morrow,  but  letting 
the  Morrow  care  for  itself,  for  which  Reason  no  Sort  of  People 
ought  to  pray  so  fervently  for  their  daily  Bread  as  they. 


230  History  of  the  Dividing  Liwe  [October 

There  is  a  beautiful  Range  of  Hills,  as  levil  as  a  Terrass-Walk,  that 
overlooks  the  Valley  through  which  Crooked  Creek  conveys  its  Spiral 
Stream. 

This  Terrass  runs  pretty  near  East  and  West,  about  two  Miles  South  of 
the  Line,  and  is  almost  Parallel  with  it. 

The  Horses  had  been  too  much  harass'd  to  permit  us  to  ride  at  all  out  of 
our  way,  for  the  pleasure  of  any  Prospect,  or  the  gratification  of  any 
Curiosity.  This  confin'd  us  to  the  Narrow  Sphere  of  our  Business,  and 
is  at  the  same  time  a  just  Excuse  for  not  animating  our  Story  with  greater 
Variety. 


24.  The  Surveyors  went  out  the  sooner  this  Morning,  by  reason  the 
men  lost  very  little  time  in  cooking  their  Breakfast.  They  had  made  but  a 
Spare  Meal  over  Night,  leaving  nothing  but  the  Hide  of  a  Bear  for  the 
Morrow.  Some  of  the  keenest  of  them  got  up  at  Midnight  to  Cook  that 
nice  Morsel  after  the  Indian  Manner. 

They  first  Singed  the  Hair  clean  off,  that  none  of  it  might  Stick  in  their 
Throats;  then  they  boil'd  the  Pelt  into  Soup,  which  had  a  Stratum  of 
Grease  Swimming  on  it  full  half  an  Inch  Thick.  However,  they  com- 
menced this  Dish  extremely;  tho'  I  believe  the  Praises  they  gave  it  were 
more  owing  to  their  good  Stomach  than  to  their  good  Tast. 

The  Line  was  extended  6  Miles  and  300  Poles,  and  in  that  Distance 
crosst  Crooked  Creek  at  least  eight  times  more. 

We  were  forct  to  scufflle  through  a  Thicket  about  two  Miles  in  breadth, 
planted  with  Locusts  and  hiccory  Sapplings,  as  close  as  they  cou'd  stand 
together.  Amongst  these  there  was  hardly  a  Tree  of  Tolerable  Growth 
within  View.  It  was  a  dead  Plane  of  Several  Miles  Extent,  and  very  fertile 
Soil.  Beyond  that  the  Woods  were  open  for  about  three  Miles,  but 
Mountainous.  All  the  rest  of  our  Day's  Journey  was  pester'd  with  Bushes 
and  Grape  Vines,  in  the  thickest  of  which  we  were  obliged  to  take  up  our 
Quarters,  near  one  of  the  Branches  of  Crooked  creek. 

This  Night  it  was  the  Men's  good  fortune  to  fare  very  sumptuously. 
The  Indian  had  kill'd  two  large  Bears,  the  fatest  of  which  he  had  taken 
napping.  One  of  the  People  too  Shot  a  Raccoon,  which  is  also  of  the  Dog- 
kind,  and  as  big  as  a  small  Fox,  tho'  its  Legs  are  Shorter,  and  when 
fat  has  much  a  higher  relish  than  either  Mutton  or  Kid.  'Tis  naturally 
not  Carniverous,  but  very  fond  of  Indian  com  and  Parsimons. 

The  fat  of  this  Animal  is  reckon'd  very  good  to  asswage  Swellings 
and  Inflammations.  Some  old  Maids  are  at  the  Trouble  of  breeding  them 
up  tame,  for  the  pleasure  of  seeing  them  play  over  as  many  Humorous 
Tricks  as  a  Munkey.  It  climbs  up  small  Trees,  like  a  Bear,  by  embracing 
the  Bodies  of  them. 

Till  this  Night  we  had  accustom'd  ourselves  to  go  to  Bed  in  our  Night- 
Gowns,  believing  we  should  thereby  be  better  secur'd  from  the  cold:  but 


October]  The  Secret  History  231 


24.  The  Men  feasted  so  plentifully  last  Night,  that  some  of  them 
paid  for  it  by  fasting  this  Morning.  One  who  had  been  less  provi- 
dent than  the  rest  broke  his  fast  very  odly.  He  sing'd  all  the 
Hair  off  of  a  Bearskin,  &  boil'd  the  Pelt  into  Broth.  To  this  he 
invited  his  particular  Friends,  who  eat  very  heartily  &  commended 
the  Cookery,  by  supping  it  clean  up.  Our  Surveyors  hurry'd  away 
a  little  after  8,  &  extended  the  Line  6  Miles  &  300  Poles.  We  did 
not  follow  them  till  about  11,  &  crost  a  Thicket  2  full  Miles  in 
Breadth,  without  any  great  Trees  near  it.  The  Soil  seem'd  very 
rich  &  Levil,  having  many  Locust  &  Hicory  Saplins.  The  Reason 
why  there  are  no  high  Trees,  is  probably,  because  the  Woods  in 
these  remote  parts  are  burnt  but  seldom.  During  those  long  in- 
tervals the  Leaves  &  other  Trash,  are  heapt  so  thick  upon  the 
Ground,  that  when  they  come  to  be  set  on  Fire,  they  consume  all 
before  them,  leaving  nothing  either  standing  or  lying  upon  the 
Ground.  Afterwards  our  way  was  Mountainous  &  the  Woods 
open  for  about  2^^  Miles.  Then  Level  &  Overgrown  with  Bushes 
all  the  remaining  distance.  The  Line  crost  Crooked  Creek  10 
times  in  this  day's  Work,  &  we  encampt  upon  a  Branch  of  it 
where  our  Horses  fared  but  indifferently.  The  Men  came  off 
better  for  the  Indian  kill'd  2  Bears  on  which  they  feasted  till  the 
Grease  ran  out  of  their  Mouths.  Till  this  Night  I  had  always  lain 
in  my  Night  Gown,  but  upon  Tryal,  I  found  it  much  warmer  to 
strip  to  my  shirt,  &  lie  in  naked  Bed  with  my  gown  over  me.  The 
Woodsmen  put  all  off,  if  they  have  no  more  than  one  Blanket,  to 
lye  in,  &  agree  that  'tis  much  more  comfortable  than  to  lye  with 
their  Cloaths  on,  the'  the  Weather  be  never  so  cold. 


232  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [October 

upon  tryal  found  we  lay  much  warmer  by  Stripping  to  our  Shirts,  and 
Spreading  our  Gowns  over  us. 

A  True  Woodsman,  if  he  have  no  more  than  a  Single  Blanket,  constantly 
pulls  all  off,  and,  lying  on  one  part  of  it,  draws  the  other  over  him, 
believing  it  much  more  refreshing  to  ly  so,  than  in  his  cloaths;  and 
if  he  find  himself  not  warm  enough.  Shifts  his  Lodging  to  Leeward  of  the 
Fire,  in  which  Situation  the  smoak  will  drive  over  him,  and  efifectually 
correct  the  cold  Dews  that  wou'd  otherwise  descend  upon  his  Person, 
perhaps  to  his  great  damage. 


25.  The  Air  clearing  up  this  Morning,  we  were  again  agreeably  sur- 
prized with  a  full  Prospect  of  the  Mountains.  They  discover'd  themselves 
both  to  the  North  and  South  of  us,  on  either  side,  not  distant  above  ten 
Miles,  according  to  our  best  Computation. 

We  cou'd  now  see  those  to  the  North  rise  in  four  distinct  Ledges,  one 
above  another,  but  those  to  the  South  form'd  only  a  Single  Ledge,  and  that 
broken  and  interrupted  in  many  Places;  or  rather  they  were  only  single 
Mountains  detacht  from  each  other. 

One  of  the  Southern  Mountains  was  so  vastly  high,  it  seem'd  to  hide  its 
head  in  the  Clouds,  and  the  West  End  of  it  terminated  in  a  horrible 
Precipice,  that  we  call'd  the  Despairing  Lover's  Leap.  The  Next  to  it, 
towards  the  East,  was  lower,  except  at  one  End,  where  it  heav'd  itself  up 
in  the  form  of  a  vast  Stack  of  Chimnys.''^^ 

The  Course  of  the  Northern  Mountains  seem'd  to  tend  West-South- West, 
and  those  to  the  Southward  very  near  West.  We  cou'd  descry  other 
Mountains  ahead  of  us,  exactly  in  the  Course  of  the  Line,  tho'  at  a  much 
greater  distance.  In  this  Point  of  View,  the  Ledges  on  the  right  and  Left 
both  seem'd  to  close,  and  form  a  Natural  Amphi-Theater. 

Thus,  'twas  our  Fortime  to  be  wedg'd  in  betwixt  these  two  Ranges  of 
Mountains,  insomuch  that  if  our  Line  had  run  ten  Miles  on  either  Side, 
it  had  butted  before  this  day  either  upon  one  or  the  other,  both  of  them 
now  Stretching  away  plainly  to  the  Eastward  of  us. 

It  had  rain'd  a  little  in  the  Night,  which  disperst  the  smoak  and  open'd 
this  Romantick  Scene  to  us  all  at  once,  tho'  it  was  again  hid  from  our 
Eyes  as  we  mov'd  forwards  by  the  rough  Woods  we  had  the  Misfortune  to 
be  engag'd  with.  The  Bushes  were  so  thick  for  near  four  Miles  together, 
that  they  tore  the  Deer-Skins  to  Pieces  that  guarded  the  Bread-Bags. 
Tho',  as  rough  as  the  Woods  were,  the  Soil  was  extremely  good  in  all  the 
way,  being  washt  down  from  the  Neighbouring  Hills  into  the  Plane 
Country.  Notwithstanding  all  these  Difficulties,  the  Surveyors  drove  on 
the  line  4  Miles  and  205  Poles. 

In  the  mean  time  we  were  so  unlucky  as  to  meet  with  no   Sort   of 


'This  was  probably  Pilot  Mountain  in  Surry  County,  North  Carolina. 


October]  The  Secret  History 


233 


25.     The  Surveyors  got  to  work  soon  after  8,  &  run  the  Line  4 
Miles  &  205  Poles.    We  did  not  follow  them  til  near  2,  by  reason 
Holm's  Horse  cou'd  not  be  found.    And  at  last  we  were  forced  to 
leave  Robin  Hix  &  William  Pool  behind,  to  search  narrowly  for 
him.    The  Woods  were  so  intollerably  thick  for  near  4  Miles,  that 
they   tore  the   very    Skins  that    cover'd    the    Bread-Bags.      This 
hinder'd  us  from  overtaking  the  Surveyors,  tho'  we  us'd  our  utmost 
diligence  to  do  it.    We  cou'd  reach  but  4  Miles,  &  were  oblig'd  to 
encamp  near  a  small  run,  where  our  Horses  came  off  but  indif- 
ferently.   However  they  fared  very  near  as  well  as  their  Masters, 
for  our  Indian  met  with  no  Game,  so  we  had  nothing  to  entertain 
ourselves  with,  but  the  Scanty  Remnant  of  Yesterday's  Plenty. 
Nor  was  there  much  luxury  at  the  Surveyor's  Camp,  either  in  their 
Lodging  or  Diet.    However  they  had  the  Pleasure  as  well  as  we, 
to  see  the  Mountains  very  Plain  both  to  the  North  &  South  of  the 
Line.     Their  distance  seem'd  to  be  no  more  than  5  or  6  Miles. 
Those  to  the  North  appear'd  in  3  or  4  Ledges  rising  one  above 
another,  but  those  to  the  South  made  no  more  than  one  Single 
Ledge,  and  that  not  entire,  but  were  rather  detach't  Mountains  lying 
near  one  another  in  a  Line.     One  was  prodigiously  high,  &  the 
west  end  of  it  a  perpendicular  Precipice.    The  next  to  it  was  lower 
but  had  another  rising  out  of  the  East  End  of  it,  in  the  form  of 
a  Stack  of  Chimneys.     We  cou'd  likewise  discern  other  Moun- 
tains in  the  Course  of  the  Line,  but  at  a  much  greater  Distance. 
Til  this  day  we  never  had  a  clear  View  of  any  of  these  Moun- 
tains, by  reason  the  Air  was  very  full  of  Smoak.     But  diis  Morn- 
ing it  clear'd  up  &  surpriz'd  us  with  this  wild  Prospect  all  at  once. 
At  Night  the  Men  brought  Holm's  Horse. 


234  History  of  the  Dividing  Llne  [October 

Game  the  whole  day,  so  that  the  men  were  oblig'd  to  make  a  frugal 
distribution  of  what  little  they  left  in  the  Morning. 

We  encampt  upon  a  small  Rill,  where  the  Horses  came  off  as  temper- 
ately as  their  Masters.  They  were  by  this  time  grown  so  thin,  by  hard 
Travel  and  Spare  Feeding,  that  henceforth,  in  pure  Compassion  we  chose 
to  perform  the  greater  Part  of  the  Journey  on  foot.  And  as  our  Baggage 
was  by  this  time  grown  much  lighter,  we  divided  it,  after  the  best  Manner, 
that  every  Horse's  Load  might  be  proportion'd  to  the  Strength  he  had 
left.  Tho',  after  all  the  prudent  Measures  we  cou'd  take,  we  perceiv'd  the 
Hills  began  to  rise  upon  us  so  fast  in  our  Front,  that  it  wou'd  be  impos- 
sible for  us  to  proceed  much  farther. 

We  saw  very  few  Squirrels  in  the  upper  parts,  because  the  Wild  Cats 
devour  them  unmercifully.  Of  these  there  are  four  kinds:  The  Fox 
Squirrel,  the  Gray,  the  Flying,  and  the  Ground-Squirrel. 

These  last  resemble  a  Rat  in  every  thing  but  the  Tail,  and  the  black 
and  Russet  Streaks  that  run  down  the  Length  of  their  little  Bodies. 


26.  We  found  our  way  grow  still  more  Mountainous,  after  ex- 
tending the  Line  300  Poles  farther.  We  came  then  to  a  Rivulet  that  ran 
with  a  Swift  Current  towards  the  South.  This  we  fancy'd  to  be  another 
Branch  of  the  Irvin,  tho'  some  of  these  men,  who  had  been  Indian  Traders, 
judg'd  it  rather  to  be  the  head  of  Deep  River,  that  discharges  its  Stream 
into  that  of  Pee  Dee;  but  this  seem'd  a  wild  Conjecture. 

The  Hills  beyond  that  River  were  exceedingly  lofty,  and  not  to  be  at- 
tempted by  our  Jaded  Palfreys,  which  could  now  hardly  drag  their  Legs 
after  them  upon  level  Ground.  Besides,  the  Bread  began  to  grow  Scanty, 
and  the  Winter  Season  to  advance  apace  upon  us. 

We  had  likewise  reason  to  apprehend  the  Consequences  of  being  inter- 
cepted by  deep  Snows,  and  the  Swelling  of  the  many  Waters  between  us 
and  Home.  The  first  of  these  Misfortunes  would  starve  all  our  Horses, 
and  the  Other  ourselves,  by  cutting  off"  our  Retreat,  and  obliging  us  to 
Winter  in  those  Desolate  Woods.  These  considerations  determin'd  us 
to  Stop  short  here,  and  push  our  Adventures  no  farther.  The  last  Tree 
we  markt  was  a  Red  Oak,  growing  on  the  Bank  of  the  River ;'^^  and  to 
make  the  Place  more  remarkable,  we  blaz'd  all  the  Trees  around  it. 

We  found  the  whole  Distance  from  Corotuck  Inlet  to  the  Rivulet  Where 
we  left  off,  to  be,  in  a  Strait  Line,  Two  Hundred  and  Forty-one  Miles  and 
Two  Hundred  and  Thirty  Poles.  And  from  the  Place  where  the  Carolina 
Commissioners  deserted  us,  72  Miles  and  302  Poles.  This  last  part  of  the 
Journey  was  generally  very  hilly,  or  else  grown  up  with  troublesome 
Thickets  and  underwoods,  all  which  our  Carolina  Friends  had  the  Discre- 
tion to  avoid. 


'^  The   survey   ended   at   Peter's   Creek,   on    the   border   of    Stokes   County,   North 
Carolina. 


October]  The  Secret  History  235 


26,  We  had  Ambassadors  from  our  hungry  Surveyors  setting 
forth  their  wants,  which  we  supply'd  in  the  best  manner  we  cou'd. 
We  mov'd  towards  them  about  11,  &  found  them  at  the  Camp 
where  they  lay,  near  a  Rivulet,  which  we  judg'd  to  be  the  Head  of 
Deep  River,  otherwise  call'd  the  North  Branch  of  Cape  Fear.  We 
resolv'd  to  encamp  here,  because  there  was  great  Plenty  of  Canes 
for  the  poor  Horses,  which  began  to  grow  wond'rous  thin.  How- 
ever the  Surveyors  measured  300  Poles  this  day,  which  carry'd 
the  Line  to  the  Banks  of  the  Rivulet.  The  last  Line  Tree  they 
mark't,  is  a  red  Oak  with  the  Trees  around  it  blazed.  We  deter- 
min'd  to  proceed  no  farther  with  the  dividing  Line,  because  the 
way  to  the  West  grew  so  Mountainous  that  our  jaded  Horses  were 
not  in  Condition  to  climb  over  it.  Besides  we  had  no  more  Bread 
than  would  last  us  a  Fortnight  at  short  allowance.  And  the  Sea- 
son of  the  Year  being  far  advanc'd,  we  had  reason  to  fear  we 
might  be  intercepted  by  Snow,  or  the  swelling  of  the  Rivers,  which 
lay  betwist  us  &  home.  These  Considerations  check't  our  Inclina- 
tions to  fix  the  Line  in  the  Ledge  of  Mountains,  &  determin'd  usl 
to  make  the  best  of  our  way  back  the  same  Track  we  came.  We 
knew  the  worst  of  that,  &  had  a  strait  Path  to  carry  us  the  nearest 
Distance,  while  we  were  ignorant  what  difficultys  might  be  en- 
counter'd  if  we  steer'd  any  other  course. 

We  had  intended  to  cross  at  the  Foot  of  the  Mountains  over  to 


236  History  of  the  Dividing  Lijve  [October 

We  encampt  in  a  dirty  Valley  near  the  Rivulet  above-mention'd,  for 
the  advantage  of  the  Canes,  and  so  sacrificed  our  own  Convenience  for 
that  of  our  Horses. 

There  was  a  Small  Mountain  half  a  Mile  to  the  Northward  of  us,  which 
we  had  the  Curiosity  to  Climb  up  in  the  Afternoon,  in  Order  to  enlarge 
our  Prospect.  From  thence  we  were  able  to  discover  where  the  two  Ledges 
of  Mountains  clos'd,  as  near  as  we  cou'd  guess,  about  30  Miles  to  the  West 
of  us,  and  lamented  that  our  present  circumstances  wou'd  not  permit  us  to 
advance  the  Line  to  that  Place,  which  the  Hand  of  Nature  had  made  so 
very  remarkable. 

Not  far  from  our  Quarters  one  of  the  men  pickt  up  a  pair  of  Elk's 
Horns,  not  very  large,  and  discover'd  the  Track  of  the  Elk  that  had  Shed 
them.  It  was  rare  to  find  any  Tokens  of  those  Animals  so  far  to  the 
South,  because  they  keep  commonly  to  the  Northward  of  37  degrees,  as 
the  Buffaloes,  for  the  most  part,  confine  themselves  to  the  Southward  of 
that  Latitude. 

The  Elk  is  full  as  big  as  a  Horse,  and  of  the  Deer  kind.  The  Stags  only 
have  Horns,  and  those  exceedingly  large  and  Spreading.  Their  Colour  is 
Something  lighter  than  that  of  the  Red  Deer,  and  their  Flesh  tougher. 
Their  swiftest  Speed  is  a  large  trot,  and  in  that  Motion  they  turn  their 
Horns  back  upon  their  Necks,  and  Cock  their  Noses  aloft  in  the  Air. 
Nature  has  taught  them  this  Attitude  to  save  their  Antlers  from  being 
entangled  in  the  Thickets,  which  they  always  retire  to.  They  are  very  shy, 
and  have  the  Sense  of  Smelling  so  exquisite  that  they  wind  a  man  at  a 
great  distance.  For  this  reason  they  are  Seldom  Seen  but  when  the  Air 
is  moist,  in  which  Case  their  smell  is  not  so  Nice. 

They  commonly  herd  together,  and  the  Indians  say,  if  one  of  the 
Drove  happen  by  some  Wound  to  be  disabled  from  making  his  Escape, 
the  rest  will  forsake  their  fears  to  defend  their  Friend,  which  they  will  do 
with  great  obstinacy,  till  they  are  kill'd  upon  the  Spot.  Tho'  otherwise, 
they  are  so  alarm'd  at  the  Sight  of  a  man,  that  to  avoid  him  they 
will  Sometimes  throw  themselves  down  very  high  Precipices  into  the 
River. 

A  misadventure  happen'd  here,  which  gave  us  no  Small  perplexity. 
One  of  the  Commissioners  was  so  unlucky  as  to  bruise  his  Foot  against  a 
Stump,  which  brought  on  a  formal  Fit  of  the  Gout. 

It  must  be  own'd  there  cou'd  not  be  a  more  unseasonable  time,  nor  a 
more  improper  Situation,  for  any  one  to  be  attackt  by  that  cruel  Distemper. 
The  Joint  was  so  inflam'd  that  he  cou'd  neither  draw  Shoe  nor  Boot  upon 
it;  and  to  ride  without  either  wou'd  have  expos'd  him  to  so  many  rude 
knocks  and  Bruises,  in  those  rough  Woods,  as  to  be  intolerable  even  to  a 
Stoick. 

It  was  happy,  indeed,  that  we  were  to  rest  here  the  next  day,  being 
Sunday,  that  there  might  be  leisure  for  trying  some  Speedy  Remedy.  Ac- 
cordingly he  was  persuaded  to  bathe  his  Foot  in  Cold  Water,  in  Order 


October]  The  Secret  History  237 

the  head  of  James  River,  that  we  might  be  able  to  describe  that 
Natural  Boundary.  But  prudence  got  the  better  of  Curiosity, 
which  is  always  the  more  necessary  when  we  have  other  Men's 
welfare  to  consult  as  well  as  our  own.  Just  by  our  Camp  we 
found  a  pair  of  Elks  Horns,  not  very  large,  &  saw  the  Track  of 
the  Owner  of  them.  They  commonly  keep  more  to  the  Northward, 
as  Buffalos  do  more  to  the  Southward. 

In  the  Afternoon  we  walk't  up  a  high  Hill  North  of  our  Camp, 
from  whence  we  discover'd  an  Ampitheatre  of  Mountains  extend- 
ing from  the  N  E  round  by  the  West  to  the  S  E.  'Twas  very  un- 
lucky that  the  Mountains  were  more  distant  just  at  the  head  of  our 
Line  towards  the  West,  by  30  or  40  Miles.  Our  Chaplain  at- 
tempted to  climb  a  Tree,  but  before  he  got  6  Feet  from  the  Ground, 
Fear  made  him  cling  closer  to  the  Tree,  than  Love  wou'd  make  him 
cling  to  a  Mistress.  Meanwell  was  more  venturesome,  but  more 
unfortunate,  for  he  bruis'd  his  Foot  in  a  tender  place,  by  which  he 
got  a  gentle  Fit  of  the  Gout.  This  was  an  improper  Situation  to 
have  the  cruel  Distemper  in  &  put  my  Invention  upon  contriving 
some  way  or  other  to  carry  him  back.  In  the  mean  while  he  bath*d 
his  Foot  frequently  in  cold  Water,  to  repell  the  Humour  if  Pos- 
sible for  as  the  Case  was,  he  cou'd  neither  put  on  Shoe  nor  Boot. 
Our  Man  kill'd  2  Bears,  a  Buck,  &  a  Turkey,  a  very  seasonable 
supply,  &  made  us  reflect  with  gratitude  on  the  goodness  of  Provi- 
dence. The  whole  Distance  from  Coratuck  Inlet  where  we  began 
the  Line  to  this  Rivulet  where  we  ended  it,  was  241%  Miles  &  70 
Poles.  In  the  Night  the  Wind  blew  fresh  at  S  W  with  moderate 
Rain. 


238  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [October 

to  repel  the  Humour  and  asswage  the  Inflamation.  This  made  it  less  pain- 
ful, and  gave  us  hopes,  too,  of  reducing  the  Swelling  in  a  Short  time. 

Our  men  had  the  fortune  to  kill  a  Brace  of  Bears,  a  fat  Buck,  and  a 
Wild  Turkey,  all  which  paid  them  with  Interest  for  Yesterday's  Abstinence. 
This  constant  and  Seasonable  Supply  of  all  our  daily  Wants  made  us 
reflect  thankfully  on  the  Bounty  of  Providence. 

And  that  we  might  not  be  unmindful  of  being  all  along  fed  by  Heaven 
in  this  great  and  Solitary  Wilderness,  we  agreed  to  Wear  in  our  Hats  the 
Maosti,  which  is,  in  Indian,  the  Beard  of  the  Wild  Turkey-Cock,  and  on  our 
Breasts  the  Figure  of  that  Fowl  with  its  Wings  extended,  and 
holding  in  its  Claws  a  scrowl  with  this  Motto,  "VICE  COTURNICUM," 
meaning  that  we  had  been  Supported  by  them  in  the  Wilderness  in  the 
room  of  Quails. 


27.  This  being  Sunday  we  were  not  wanting  in  our  Thanks  to  Heaven 
for  the  Constant  Support  and  Protection  we  had  been  favour'd  with.  Nor 
did  our  Chaplain  fail  to  put  us  in  mind  of  Our  Duty  by  a  Sermon  proper 
for  the  Occasion. 

We  order'd  a  Strict  Inquiry  to  be  made  into  the  Quantity  of  Bread  we 
had  left,  and  found  no  more  than  wou'd  Subsist  us  a  Fortnight  at  Short 
Allowance.  We  made  a  fair  Distribution  of  our  whole  Stock,  and  at  the 
Same  time  recommended  to  the  Men  to  manage  this,  their  last  Stake,  to 
the  best  advantage,  not  knowing  how  long  they  would  be  oblig'd  to  live 
upon  it. 

We  likewise  directed  them  to  keep  a  Watchfull  eye  upon  their  Horses, 
that  none  of  them  might  be  missing  the  next  Morning,  to  hinder  our 
Return. 

There  fell  some  Rain  before  Noon,  which  made  our  Camp  more  a  Bogg 
than  it  was  before.  This  moist  Situation  began  to  infect  some  of  the  men 
with  Fevers,  and  some  with  Fluxes,  which  however  we  soon  remov'd  with 
Peruvian  Bark  and  Ipocoacanah. 

In  the  Afternoon  we  marcht  up  again  to  the  top  of  the  Hill  to  entertain 
our  Eyes  a  Second  time  with  the  View  of  the  Mountains,  but  a  perverse 
Fog  arose  that  hid  them  from  our  Sight, 

In  the  Evening  we  deliberated  which  way  it  might  be  most  proper 
to  return.  We  had  at  first  intended  to  cross  over  at  the  foot  of  the 
Mountains  to  the  head  of  James  River,  that  we  might  be  able  to  describe 
that  Natural  Boundary  so  far.  But,  on  Second  Thoughts,  we  found 
many  good  Reasons  against  that  laudable  Design,  Such  as  the  Weakness 
of  our  Horses,  the  Scantiness  of  our  Bread,  and  the  near  approach  ol 
Winter.  We  had  Cause  to  believe  the  way  might  be  full  of  Hills,  and 
the  farther  we  went  towards  the  North,  the  more  danger  there  wou'd 
be  of  Snow.  Such  considerations  as  these  determin'd  us  at  last  to 
make  the  best  of  our  way  back  upon  the  Line,  which  was  the  Straitest, 


October]  The  Secret  History 


239 


27.     This  being  Sunday,  we  gave  God  thanks  for  protecting  & 
sustaining  us  thus  far  by  his  Divine  Bounty.    We  had  also  a  Ser- 
mon proper  for  the  Occasion.     It  rain'd  small  Rain  in  the  Morn- 
ing, &  look't  louring  all  day.     Meanwell  had  the  Gout  in  Form, 
his  Foot  being  very  much  swell'd;  which  was  not  more  Pain  to 
him,  than  it  was  disturbance  to  the  rest.    I  order'd  all  the  Men  to 
Visit  their  Horses,  &  to  drive  them  up,  that  they  might  be  found 
more  easily  the  next  Morning.     When  the  distribution  of  Bread 
was  made  among  the  Men,  I  recommended  good  Husbandry  to 
them,  not  knowing  how  long  we  shou'd  be  oblig'd  to  subsist  upon 
it.    I  sat  by  the  Riverside  near  a  small  Cascade,  fed  by  a  Stream 
as  clear  as  liquid  Chrystal,  &  the  Mumur  it  made  compos'd  my 
Sences  into  an  agreeable  Tranquility.    We  had  a  Fog  after  Sunset 
that  gave  an  Unpleasant  dampness  to  the  Air,  which  we  endeav- 
our'd  to  correct  by  a  rousing  Fire.     This  with  the  Wetness  of  the 
Ground  where  we  encampt  made  our  Situation  a  little  unwhole- 
some; yet  thank  God  all  our  Company  continu'd  in  a  perfect 
Health. 


240  History  of  the  Dividing  Li-ne  [October 

and  Consequently  the  shortest  way  to  the  Inhabitants.  We  knew  the 
worst  of  that  Course,  and  were  sure  of  a  beaten  Path  all  the  way,  while 
we  were  totally  ignorant  what  Difficulties  and  Dangers  the  other  Course 
might  be  attended  with.  So  Prudence  got  the  better  for  once  of  Curiosity, 
and  the  Itch  for  new  Discoveries  gave  Place  to  Self-preservation. 

Our  Inclination  was  the  Stronger  to  cross  over  according  to  the  Course 
of  the  Mountains,  that  we  might  find  out  whether  James  River  and  Ap- 
pamattock  River  head  there,  or  run  quite  thro'  them.  'Tis  Certain  that 
Potomec  passes  in  a  large  Stream  thro'  the  Main  Ledge,  and  then  divides 
itself  into  two  considerable  Rivers.  That  which  Stretches  away  to  the 
Northward  is  call'd  the  Cohungaroota,'^^  and  that  which  flows  to  the 
South-west,  hath  the  Name  of  Sharantow.^^ 

The  Course  of  this  last  Stream  is  near  parallel  to  the  Blue  Ridge  of 
Mountains,  at  the  distance  only  of  about  three  or  four  Miles.  Tho'  how 
far  it  may  continue  that  Course  has  not  yet  been  sufficiently  discover'd, 
but  some  Woodsmen  pretend  to  say  it  runs  as  far  as  the  source  of  Roanoak; 
Nay,  they  are  so  very  particular  as  to  tell  us  that  Roanoak,  Sharantow, 
and  another  Wide  Branch  of  the  Missassippi,  all  head  in  one  of  the  Same 
Mountain. 

What  dependence  there  may  be  upon  this  Conjectural  Geography,  I 
wont  pretend  to  say,  tho'  'tis  certain  that  Sharantow  keeps  close  to  the 
Mountains,  as  far  as  we  are  acquainted  with  its  Tendency.  We  are  likewise 
assur'd  that  the  South  Branch  of  James  River,  within  less  than  20  Miles 
East  of  the  Main  Ledge,  makes  an  Elbow,  and  runs  due  South-west, 
which  is  parallel  with  the  Mountains  on  this  side.  But  how  far  it  Stretches 
that  way,  before  it  returns,  is  not  yet  certianly  known,  no  more  than  where 
it  takes  its  Rise. 

In  the  mean  time  it  is  Strange  that  our  Woodsmen  have  not  had 
Curiosity  enough  to  inform  themselves  more  exactly  of  these  particulars, 
and  it  is  Stranger  Still  that  the  Government  has  never  thought  it  worth 
the  Expense  of  making  an  accurate  Survey  of  the  Mountains,  that  we 
might  be  Masters  of  that  Natural  Fortification  before  the  French,  who 
in  some  Places  have  Settlements  not  very  distant  from  it. 

It  therefore  concerns  his  Majesty's  Service  very  nearly,  and  the  Safety 
of  His  Subjects  in  this  part  of  the  World,  to  take  Possession  of  so  im- 
portant a  Barrier  in  time,  lest  our  good  Friends,  the  French,  and  the 
Indians,  thro'  their  Means,  prove  a  perpetual  Annoyance  to  these  Colonies. 

Another  Reason  to  invite  us  to  Secure  this  great  Ledge  of  Mountains  is, 
the  Probability  that  very  Valuable  Mines  may  be  discover'd  there.  Nor 
wou'd  it  be  at  all  extravagant  to  hope  for  Silver  Mines,  among  the  rest, 
because  Part  of  these  Moimtains  ly  exactly  in  the  same  Parallel,  as  well 


"  "Which  by  a  late  Survey  has  been  found  to  extend  about  Two  Hundred  mUes 
before  it  reaches  its  Source  in  a  Mountain  from  Whence  Allegani  one  of  the  Branches 
of  Mississippi,  takes  its  Rise  and  runs  South  West  as  this  River  dos  South  East. 
(Byrd's  Note.) 

"The  Shenandoah. 


October]  The  Secret  History 


[Continued  on  page  243] 


241 


242  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [October 

as  upon  the  Same  Continent  with  New  Mexico,  and  the  Mines  of  St. 
Barb.81 


28.  We  had  given  Orders  for  the  Horses  to  be  brought  up  early,  but 
the  likelyhood  of  more  Rain  prevented  our  being  over-hasty  in  decamping. 
Nor  were  we  out  in  our  conjectures,  for  about  ten  a'clock  it  began  to  fall 
very  plentifully. 

Our  Commissioner's  Pain  began  now  to  abate,  as  the  Swelling  encreas'd. 
He  made  an  excellent  Figure  for  a  Mountaineer,  with  one  boot  of  Leather 
and  the  other  of  Flannel.  Thus  accowtur'd,  he  intended  to  mount,  if  the 
Rain  had  not  happen'd  opportunely  to  prevent  him. 

Tho',  in  Truth,  it  was  hardly  possible  for  Him  to  ride  with  so  Slender  a 
Defense,  without  exposing  his  Foot  to  be  bruis'd  and  tormented  by  the 
Saplings,  that  stood  thick  on  either  side  of  the  Path.  It  was  therefore  a 
most  Seasonable  Rain  for  Him,  as  it  gave  more  time  for  his  Distemper 
to  abate. 

Tho'  it  may  be  very  difficult  to  find  a  certain  Cure  for  the  Gout,  yet  it 
is  not  improbable  but  some  things  may  ease  the  Pain,  and  Shorten  the 
Fits  of  it.  And  those  Medicines  are  most  likely  to  do  this,  that  Supple 
the  Parts,  and  clear  the  Passage  Through  the  Narrow  Vessels,  that  are 
the  Seat  of  this  cruel  Disease.  Nothing  will  do  this  more  Suddenly 
than  Rattle-snake's  Oyl,  which  will  even  penetrate  the  Pores  of  Glass 
when  warm'd  in  the  sun. 

It  was  unfortunate,  therefore,  that  we  had  not  taken  out  the  Fat  of  those 
Snakes  we  had  kill'd  some  time  before,  for  the  Benefit  of  so  useful  an 
Experiment,  as  well  as  for  the  Relief  of  our  Fellow-Traveller. 

But  lately  the  Seneca  Rattle-Snake-Root  has  been  discover'd  in  this 
Country,  which  being  infus'd  in  Wine,  and  drank  Morning  and  Evening, 
has  in  Several  Instances  had  a  very  happy  Effect  upon  the  Gout,  and 
enabled  Cripples  to  throw  away  their  Crutches  and  walk  several  Miles,  and, 
what  is  Stranger  Still,  it  takes  away  the  Pain  in  half  an  hour. 

Nor  was  the  Gout  the  only  Disease  among  us  that  was  hard  to  cure. 
We  had  a  man  in  our  Company  who  had  too  Voracious  a  Stomach  for  a 
Woodsman.  He  ate  as  much  as  any  other  two,  but  all  he  Swallow'd  stuck 
by  him  till  it  was  carry'd  off  by  a  Strong  Purge.  Without  this  Assistance, 
often  repeated,  his  Belly  and  Bowels  wou'd  swell  to  so  enormous  a  Bulk 
that  he  cou'd  hardly  breathe,  especially  when  he  lay  down,  just  as  if  he 
had  had  an  Asthma;  tho',  notwithstanding  this  oddness  of  constitution,  he 
was  a  very  Strong,  lively  Fellow,  and  us'd  abundance  of  Violent 
Exercise,  by  which  'twas  wonderfull  the  Peristaltick  Motion  was  not  more 
Vigorously  promoted. 


*^  Santa  Barbara,  Northern  Mexico,  colonized  by  the  Spanish  in  1567;  long  famous 
for  its  silver  mines. 


October]  The  Secret  History  243 


28.  We  ordered  the  Horses  up  very  early,  but  the  likelihood  of 
more  Rain  prevented  our  decamping.  And  we  judg'd  right,  for 
about  10  a  Clock  it  began  to  Rain  in  good  earnest.  Meanwell 
made  an  excellent  Figure  with  one  Boot  of  Leather  &  the  other 
of  Flannel.  So  accoutred,  he  intended  to  mount,  but  the  Rain  came 
seasonably  to  hinder  him  from  exposeing  his  foot  to  be  bruis'd 
&  tormented  by  the  Bushes.  We  kept  snug  in  the  Tent  all  Day 
spending  most  of  our  time  in  reading,  &  D'"  Humdrum  being  dis- 
turb'd  at  Astrolabe's  reading  Hudibras  aloud,  gabbled  an  Old  Al- 
manack 3  times  over,  to  drown  one  Noise  with  another.  This 
Trial  of  Lungs  lasted  a  full  Hour,  &  tired  the  Hearers  as  much  as 
the  Readers.  Powell's  Ague  return'd  for  which  I  gave  him  the 
Bark  &  Pool  took  some  Anderson's  Pills  to  force  a  Passage  thro' 
his  Body.  This  man  had  an  odd  Constitution,  he  eat  like  a  Horse, 
but  all  he  eat  stay'd  with  him  'till  it  was  forc'd  downwards  by 
some  purging  Physick.  Without  this  Assistance  his  Belly  & 
Bowells  were  so  swell'd  he  cou'd  hardly  Breath.  Yet  he  was  a 
Strong  Fellow  &  used  a  world  of  Exercise.  It  was  therefore  won- 
derful the  Peristaltick  Motion  was  not  more  vigorously  promoted. 
Page  was  mujffled  up  for  the  Tooth-Ach,  for  which  Distemper  I 
cou'd  recommend  no  medicine  but  Patience,  which  he  seem'd  to 
possess  a  great  Share  of.    It  rain'd  most  part  of  the  Night. 


244  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [October 

We  gave  this  poor  Man  Several  Purges,  which  only  eas'd  Him  for  the 
present,  and  the  next  day  he  wou'd  grow  as  burly  as  ever.  At  last  we 
gave  Him  a  Moderate  Dose  of  ippocoacanah,^^  in  Broth  made  very  Salt, 
which  turn'd  all  its  Operations  downwards.  This  had  so  happy  an  Effect 
that,  from  that  day  forward  to  the  End  of  our  Journey,  all  his  Complaint 
ceas'd,  and  the  passages  continued  unobstructed. 

The  Rain  continued  most  of  the  Day  and  Some  part  of  the  Night, 
which  incommoded  us  much  in  our  Dirty  Camp,  and  made  the  men 
think  of  Nothing  but  Eating,  even  at  the  time  when  nobody  cou'd  Stir 
out  to  make  provision  for  it. 


29.  Tho'  we  were  flattered  in  the  morning  with  the  usual  Tokens  of  a 
fair  Day,  yet  they  all  blew  over,  and  it  rain'd  hard  before  we  cou'd  make 
ready  for  our  Departure. 

This  was  still  in  favour  of  our  Podagrous  Friend,  whose  Lameness  was 
now  grown  better,  and  the  Inflamation  fallen.  Nor  did  it  seem  to  need 
above  one  day  more  to  reduce  it  to  its  Natural  Proportion,  and  make  it 
fit  for  the  Boot;  And  effectually  The  Rain  procur'd  this  Benefit  for  him, 
and  gave  him  particular  Reason  to  believe  his  Stars  propitious. 

Notwithstanding  the  falling  Weather,  our  Hunters  sally'd  out  in  the 
afternoon,  and  drove  the  Woods  in  a  Ring,  which  was  thus  performed. 
From  the  circumference  of  a  large  Circle  they  all  march't  inwards,  and 
drove  the  Game  towards  the  center.  By  this  means  they  shot  a  Brace  of 
fat  Bears,  which  came  very  seasonably,  because  we  had  made  clean  Work 
in  the  Morning  and  were  in  Danger  of  dining  with  St.  Anthony,  or  his 
Grace  Duke  Humphry. 

But  in  this  Expedition  the  unhappy  man  who  had  lost  himself  once 
before.  Straggled  again  so  far  in  Pursuit  of  a  Deer,  that  he  was  hurry'd 
a  second  time  quite  out  of  his  knowledge.  And  Night  coming  on  before 
he  cou'd  recover  the  Camp,  he  was  obliged  to  lie  down,  without  any  of  the 
Comforts  of  Fire,  Food  or  covering;  Nor  would  his  Fears  suffer  him  to 
Sleep  very  Sound,  because,  to  his  great  disturbance,  the  Wolves  howl'd 
all  that  Night,  and  the  Panthers  scream'd  most  frightfully. 

In  the  Evening  a  brisk  North-Wester  swept  all  the  Clouds  from  the  Sky, 
and  expos'd  the  mountains  as  well  as  the  Stars  to  our  Prospect. 

That  which  was  the  most  lofty  to  the  Southward,  and  which  we  call'd 
the  Lover's  Leap,  some  of  our  Indian  Traders  fondly  fancy'd  was  the 
Kiawan  mountain,^^  which  they  had  formerly  seen  from  the  coimtry  of 
the  Cherokees. 

They  were  the  more  positive  by  reason  of  the  prodigious  Precipice 
that  remarkably  distinguished  the  West  End  of  it. 


^  See  Note  35,  p.  62. 

*^Kiawani,   also  the  name   of   an   Indian  of   the   Northwest,   but   most   likely   the 
association  here  is  with  the  Keyauwee,  a  tribe  living  on  the  Yadkin  in  1701. 


October]  The  Secret  History  245 


29.  In  the  Morning  we  were  flatter'd  with  all  the  Signs  of  a  fair 
Day,  the  Wind  being  come  about  to  the  N  W.  This  made  us 
Order  the  Horses  to  be  got  up  very  early,  but  the  Tent  Horse  cou'd 
not  be  found.  And  'tis  well  he  stop't  us,  for  about  10,  all  our 
hopes  of  fair  Weather  blew  over,  and  it  rain'd  very  smartly  for 
some  time.  This  was  all  in  Favour  of  Meanwell's  gouty  Foot, 
which  was  now  grown  better,  &  the  Inflammation  asswaged.  Nor  did 
it  need  above  one  Day  more  to  bring  it  down  to  its  natural  Propor- 
tion, and  make  it  fit  for  the  Boot.  Being  confin'd  to  the  Tent  til 
Dinner,  I  had  no  Amuzement  but  reading.  But  in  the  Afternoon 
I  walk't  up  to  a  Neighbouring  Hill,  from  whence  I  cou'd  view  the 
Mountains  to  the  Southward,  the  highest  of  which  our  Traders 
fancy'd  to  be  the  Katawa  Mountain,  but  it  seems  to  be  too  North- 
erly for  that.  Our  Men  went  out  a  driveing,  &  had  the  Luck  to 
kill  2  Bears,  one  of  which  was  found  by  our  Indian  asleep,  &  never 
waked.  Unfortunate  Hamilton  straggling  from  the  rest  of  the 
Company,  was  lost  a  Second  time.  We  fired  at  least  a  Dozen  Guns, 
to  direct  him  by  their  Report  to  our  Camp,  but  all  in  Vain,  we 
cou'd  get  no  tidings  of  him.  I  was  much  concern'd  lest  a  disaster 
might  befall  him  being  alone  all  Night  in  that  dolefuU  Wilderness. 


246  History  of  the  Diytoing  Liwe  [October 

We  seem'd  however  not  to  be  far  enough  South  for  that,  tho'  'tis  not 
improbable  but  a  few  miles  farther  the  Course  of  our  Line  might  carry 
us  to  the  most  Northerly  Towns  of  the  Cherokees. 

What  makes  this  the  more  credible,  is  the  North  West  Course,  that  our 
Traders  take  from  the  Catawbas  for  some  hundred  miles  together,  when 
they  carry  Goods  that  round-about  way  to  the  Cherokees. 

It  was  a  great  Pity  that  the  want  of  Bread,  and  the  Weakness  of  our 
Horses,  hinder'd  us  from  making  the  Discovery.  Tho'  the  great  Service 
of  such  an  Excursion  might  have  been  to  the  Country  wou'd  certainly 
have  made  the  attempt  not  only  pardonable,  but  much  to  be  commended. 

Our  Traders  are  now  at  the  vast  Charge  and  Fatigue  of  travelling  above 
five  hundred  miles  for  the  Benefit  of  that  traffique  which  hardly  quits 
cost.  Wou'd  it  not  then  be  worth  the  Assembly's  while  to  be  at  some 
charge  to  find  a  Shorter  cut  to  carry  on  so  profitable  a  Trade,  with  more 
advantage,  and  less  hazard  and  Trouble,  than  they  do  at  present?  For  I 
am  persuaded  it  will  not  then  be  half  the  Distance  that  our  Traders  make 
it  now,  nor  half  so  far  as  Georgia  lies  from  the  Northern  Clans  of  that 
Nation. 

Such  a  Discovery  would  certainly  prove  an  unspeakable  Advantage  to 
this  Colony,  by  facilitating  a  Trade  with  so  considerable  a  nation  of 
Indians,  which  have  62  Towns,  and  more  than  4000  Fighting  Men.  Our 
Traders  at  that  rate  would  be  able  to  undersell  those  sent  from  the  other 
Colonies  so  much,  that  the  Indians  must  have  reason  to  deal  with  them 
preferable  to  all  others. 

Of  late  the  new  Colony  of  Georgia  has  made  an  act  obliging  us  to  go 
400  miles  to  take  out  a  License  to  traffick  with  these  Cherokees,  tho'  many 
of  their  Towns  ly  out  of  their  Bounds,  and  we  had  carry'd  on  this  Trade 
80  years  before  that  Colony  was  thought  of. 

30.  In  the  Morning  early  the  man  who  had  gone  astray  the  day  before 
found  his  way  to  the  Camp,  by  the  Sound  of  the  Bells  that  were  upon 
the  Horses'  Necks. 

At  nine  a'clock  we  began  our  March  back  toward  the  rising  Sun;  for 
tho'  we  had  finisht  the  Line,  yet  we  had  not  yet  near  finisht  our  Fatigue. 
We  had  after  all  200  good  miles  at  least  to  our  several  Habitations,  and 
the  Horses  were  brought  so  low,  that  we  were  oblig'd  to  travel  on  foot 
great  part  of  the  way,  and  that  in  our  Boots,  too,  to  save  our  Legs  from 
being  torn  to  pieces  by  the  Bushes  and  Briars.  Had  we  not  done  this, 
we  must  have  left  all  our  Horses  behind,  which  cou'd  now  hardly  drag 
their  Legs  after  them,  and  with  all  the  favour  we  cou'd  show  the  poor 
Animals,  we  were  forc'd  to  set  Seven  of  them  free,  not  far  from  the  foot 
of  the  Mountains. 

Four  men  were  despatch!  early  to  clear  the  Road,  that  our  Lame  Com- 
missioner's leg  might  be  in  less  danger  of  being  bruis'd,  and  that  the 
Baggage  Horses  might  travel  with  less  difficulty  and  more  expedition. 


October]  The  Secret  History  247 


30.  The  Clouds  were  all  swept  away  by  a  kind  N  Wester,  which 
made  it  pretty  cold.  We  were  all  impatient  to  set  our  Faces  to- 
wards the  East,  which  made  the  men  more  alert  than  Ordinary  in 
catching  their  Horses.  About  7  our  Stray  Man  found  the  way 
to  the  Camp,  being  directed  by  the  Horse's  Bells.  Tho'  he  had 
lain  on  the  bare  Ground  without  either  Fire  or  Bed  Cloaths,  he 
catch't  no  Cold.  I  gave  orders  that  4  Men  shou'd  set  off  early,  & 
clear  the  way  that  the  Baggage  Horses  might  travel  with  less 
difficulty  &  more  Expedition.  We  follow'd  them  about  11,  And 
the  Air  being  clear  we  had  a  fair  Prospect  of  the  Mountains  both 
to  the  N  &  S.  That  very  high  one  to  the  South,  with  the  Precipice 
at  the  West  End,  we  call'd  the  Lovers  cure,  because  one  Leap  from 
thence  wou'd  put  a  sudden  Period  both  to  his  Passion  &  his  Pain. 


248  History  of  the  Dividing  Llne  [October 

As  we  past  along,  by  favour  of  a  Serene  Sky,  we  had  still,  from  every 
Eminence,  a  perfect  view  of  the  Mountains,  as  well  to  the  North  as  to  the 
South,  We  could  not  forbear  now  and  then  facing  about  to  survey  them, 
as  if  unwilling  to  part  with  a  Prospect,  which  at  the  same  time,  like  some 
Rake's,  was  very  wild  and  very  Agreeable. 

We  encourag'd  the  Horses  to  exert  the  little  Strength  they  had,  and  being 
light,  they  made  a  shift  to  jog  on  about  Eleven  Miles.  We  Encampt  on 
Crooked  Creek,  near  a  Thicket  of  Canes.  In  front  of  our  Camp  rose  a 
very  beautiful  Hill,  that  bounded  our  View  at  about  a  Mile's  Distance, 
and  all  the  Intermediate  space  was  cover'd  with  green  canes.  Tho',  to  our 
Sorrow,  Fire-wood  was  Scarce,  which  was  now  the  harder  upon  us,  be- 
cause a  north-wester  blew  very  cold  from  the  Mountains. 

The  Indian  kill'd  a  stately,  fat  Buck,  &  we  pickt  his  Bones  as  clean 
as  a  score  of  Turkey-Buzzards  cou'd  have  done. 

By  the  advantage  of  a  clear  night,  we  made  tryal  once  more  of  the 
Variation,  and  found  it  much  the  same  as  formerly. 

This  being  his  Majesty's  Birth-Day,  we  drank  all  the  Loyal  Healths  in 
excellent  Water,  not  for  the  sake  of  the  drink,  (like  many  of  our  fellow 
subjects,)  but  purely  for  the  Sake  of  the  Toast.  And  because  all  Public 
Mirth  shou'd  be  a  little  noisy,  we  fir'd  several  volleys  of  Canes,  instead  of 
Guns,  which  gave  a  loud  report. 

We  threw  them  into  the  Fire,  where  the  Air  enclosed  betwixt  the  Joints 
of  the  Canes,  being  expanded  by  the  violent  Heat,  burst  its  narrow  Bounds 
with  a  considrable  explosion! 

In  the  Evening  one  of  the  men  knockt  down  an  Oppossum,  which  is  a 
harmless  little  Beast,  that  will  seldom  go  out  of  your  way,  and  if  you  take 
hold  of  it,  it  will  only  grin,  and  hardly  ever  bite.  The  Flesh  was  well 
tasted  and  Tender,  approaching  nearest  to  Pig,  which  it  also  resembles 
in  Bigness.  The  colour  of  its  Fur  was  a  Goose  Gray,  with  a  Swine's 
Snout,  and  a  Tail  like  a  Rat,  but  at  least  a  foot  long.  By  twisting  this 
Tail  about  the  arm  of  a  Tree,  it  will  hand  with  all  its  weight,  and  swing  to 
any  thing  it  wants  to  take  hold  of. 

It  has  five  Claws  on  the  fore  Feet  of  equal  length,  but  the  hinder  feet 
have  only  Four  claws,  and  a  sort  of  Thumb  standing  off  at  a  proper 
Distance. 

Their  Feet  being  thus  form'd,  qualify  them  for  climbing  up  Trees  to 
catch  little  Birds,  which  they  are  very  fond  of. 

But  the  greatest  Particularity  of  this  creature,  and  which  distinguishes 
it  from  most  others  that  we  are  acquainted  with,  is  the  FALSE  BELLY 
of  the  FEMALE,  into  which  her  Young  retreat  in  time  of  Danger.  She 
can  draw  the  Slit,  which  is  the  Inlet  into  this  Pouch,  so  close,  that  you 
must  look  narrowly  to  find  it,  especially  if  she  happen  to  be  a  Virgin. 

Within  the  False  Belly  may  be  seen  seven  or  eight  Teats,  on  which  the 
young  Ones  grow  from  their  first  Formation  till  they  are  big  enough  to 
fall  off,  like  ripe  Fruit  from  a  Tree.    This  is  so  odd  a  method  of  Genera- 


October]  The  Secret  History  249 

On  the  highest  Ledge  that  stretch't  away  to  the  N.  E.  rose  a  Mount 
in  the  Shape  of  a  Maiden's  Breast,  which  for  that  reason  we  call'd 
Innocent  Name.  And  the  main  Ledge  itself  we  call'd  Mount 
Eagle.  We  march't  11  Miles  from  the  End  of  the  Line  &  encampt 
upon  Crooked-Creek  near  a  Thicket  of  Cane.  In  the  Front  of  our 
Camp  was  a  very  beautifull  Hill  which  bounded  over  Prospect  at 
a  Mile's  Distance,  &  all  the  intermediate  Space  was  cover'd  with 
Green  Canes.  Firewood  was  scanty  with  Us,  which  was  the  harder, 
because  'twas  very  cold.  Our  Indian  kill'd  a  Deer  that  was  ex- 
tremely fat,  &  we  pick't  his  Bones  as  clean  as  a  Score  of  Turkey 
Buzzards  cou'd  have  done. 

By  the  favour  of  a  very  clear  Night  we  made  another  Essary*'^  of 
the  Variation,  &  found  it  much  the  same  as  formerly  2°  30'  This 
being  his  Majesty's  Birth  Day  we  drank  his  Health  in  a  Dram  of 
excellent  Cherry  Brandy,  but  cou'd  not  afford  one  Drop  for  the 
Queen  &  the  Roial  Issue.  We  therefore  rememl^er'd  them  in 
Water  as  clear  as  our  Wishes.  And  because  all  loyal  rejoicings 
shou'd  be  a  little  Noisy,  we  fired  Canes  instead  of  Guns,  which 
made  a  Report  as  loud  as  a  Pistol,  the  heat  expanding  the  Air 
shut  up  with  the  joints  of  this  Vegetable,  &  making  an  Explosion. 

The  Woods  being  clear'd  before  us  by  the  Pioneers,  &  the  way 
pretty  Levil  we  travell'd  with  Pleasure,  encreast  by  the  hopes  of 
making  haste  home. 


31.  We  dispatch't  away  our  Pioneers  early  to  clear  away  the 
Bushes,  but  did  not  follow  them  till  11a  Clock.  We  crost  Crooked 
Creek  several  times,  the  Banks  of  which  being  very  steep,  jaded 
our  poor  Horses  very  much.  Meanwell's  Baggage  Horse  gave  out 
the  first,  &  next  to  him  one  of  the  Bread  Horses,  so  that  we  were 
oblig'd  to  drop  them  both  by  the  way.  The  second  time  we  crost 
Crooked  Creek,  by  endeavoring  to  step  off  my  Horse's  Back  upon 
the  Shoar,  I  fell  all  along  in  the  Water.  I  wet  myself  all  over 
&  bruis'd  the  back  part  of  my  Head;  yet  made  no  Complaint,  but 
was  the  merriest  of  the  Company  at  my  own  disaster.  Our 
Dreamer  Orion  had  a  Revelation  about  it  the  Night  before,  &  fore- 
told it  fairly  to  some  of  the  Company. 


'A  corruption  of  essart,  the  art  of  grubbing  land  to  make  it  arable. 


250  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [October 

tion,  that  I  should  not  have  believed  it  without  the  Testimony  of  mine  own 
Eyes.  Besides  a  knowing  and  credible  Person  has  assur'd  me  he  has  more 
than  once  observ'd  the  Embryo  Possums  growing  to  the  Teat  before  they 
were  compleatly  Shaped,  and  afterwards  wacht  their  daily  growth  til  they 
were  big  enough  for  Birth.  And  all  this  he  could  the  more  easily  pry 
into,  because  the  Damm  was  so  perfectly  gentle  and  harmless,  that  he 
could  handle  her  just  as  he  pleas'd. 

I  cou'd  hardly  persuade  myself  to  publish  a  thing  so  contrary  to  the 
Course  that  Nature  takes  in  the  Production  of  other  Animals,  unless  it 
were  a  Matter  Commonly  believ'd  in  all  Countries  where  that  Creature  is 
produc'd,  and  has  been  often  observed  by  Persons  of  vmdoubted  credit 
and  understanding. 

They  say  that  the  Leather-winged  Bats  produce  their  Young  in  the 
same  uncommon  Manner.  And  that  young  Sharks  at  Sea,  and  the  Young 
Vipers  ashoar,  run  down  the  Throats  of  their  Damms  when  they  are  closely 
pursued. 

The  frequent  crossing  of  Crooked  Creek,  and  mounting  the  Steep 
Banks  of  it,  gave  the  finishing  stroke  to  the  foundering  of  our  Horses: 
and  no  less  than  two  of  them  made  a  full  stop  here,  and  would  not  ad- 
vance a  foot  farther,  either  by  fair  means  or  foul. 

We  had  a  Dreamer  of  Dreams  amongst  us,  who  warned  me  in  the 
Morning  to  take  care  of  myself,  or  I  shou'd  infallibly  fall  into  the  Creek; 
I  thank'd  him  kindly,  and  used  what  Caution  I  cou'd,  but  was  not  able  it 
seems  to  avoid  my  Destiny,  for  my  Horse  made  a  false  step  and  laid  me 
down  at  my  full  Length  in  the  water. 

This  was  enough  to  bring  dreaming  into  credit,  and  I  think  it  much  for 
the  Honour  of  our  expedition,  that  it  was  grac'd  not  only  with  PRIEST 
but  also  with  a  PROPHET. 

We  were  so  perplext  with  this  Serpentine  Creek,  as  well  as  in  Passing 
the  Branches  of  the  Irvin,  (which  were  swell'd  since  we  saw  them  before,) 
that  we  could  reach  but  5  miles  this  whole  day.  In  the  Evening  We  pitched 
our  Tent  near  Miry  creek,  (tho'  an  imcomfortable  place  to  lodge  in) 
purely  for  the  advantage  of  the  Canes. 

Our  Hunters  killed  a  large  Doe  and  two  Bears,  which  made  all  other 
misfortunes  easy.  Certainly  no  Tartar  over  lov'd  Horse-flesh,  or  Hottentot 
Guts  and  Garbage,  better  than  Woodsmen  do  Bear.  The  truth  of  it  is, 
it  may  be  proper  food  perhaps  for  such  as  Work  or  Ride  it  off,  but, 
with  our  Chaplain's  Leave,  who  lov'd  it  much,  I  think  it  not  a  very  proper 
dyet  for  saints,  because  'tis  apt  to  make  them  a  little  too  rampant. 

And  now,  for  the  good  of  mankind,  and  for  the  better  Peopling  an 
Infant  colony,  which  has  no  want  but  that  of  Inhabitants,  I  will  venture  to 
publish  a  Secret  of  Importance,  which  our  Indian  disclos'd  to  me.  I 
askt  him  the  reason  why  few  or  none  of  his  Countrywomen  were  barren? 
To  which  curious  Question  he  answered,  with  a  Broad  grin  upon  his  Face, 
they  had  an  infallible  SECRET  for  that.    Upon  my  being  importunate  to 


October]  The  Secret  History  251 

The  Ground  was  so  Mountainous,  &  our  Horses  so  weak,  that 
with  all  our  diligence  we  cou'd  not  exceed  4  Miles.  Indeed  we 
spent  some  time  in  crossing  the  Dan  &  the  Mayo,  the  Fords  being 
something  deeper  than  when  we  came  up.  We  took  up  our  Camp 
at  Miry  Creek,  &  regal'd  ourselves  with  one  Buck  &  2  Bears,  which 
our  Men  kill'd  in  their  March.  Here  we  promoted  our  Chaplain 
from  the  Deanry  of  Pip,  to  the  Bishoprick  of  Beardom.  For  as 
these  Countrys  where  Christians  inhabit  are  call'd  Christendome, 
so  those  where  Bears  take  up  their  Residence  may  not  improperly 
go  by  the  Name  of  Beardom.  And  I  wish  other  Bishops  loved  their 
Flock  as  intirely  as  our  Doctor  loves  his. 


252  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [November 

know  what  the  secret  might  be,  he  informed  me  that,  if  any  Indian  woman 
did  not  prove  with  child  at  a  decent  time  after  Marriage,  the  Husband,  to 
save  his  Reputation  with  the  women,  forthwith  entered  into  a  Bear-dyet 
for  Six  Weeks,  which  in  that  time  makes  him  so  vigorous  that  he  grows 
exceedingly  impertinent  to  his  poor  wife  and  'tis  great  odds  but  he  makes 
her  a  Mother  in  Nine  Months. 

And  thus  I  am  able  to  say,  besides,  for  the  Reputation  of  the  Bear 
Dyet,  that  all  the  Marryed  men  of  our  Company  were  joyful  Fathers 
within  forty  weeks  after  they  got  Home,  and  most  of  the  Single  men  had 
children  sworn  to  them  within  the  same  time,  our  chaplain  always  ex- 
cepted, who,  with  much  ado,  made  a  shift  to  cast  out  that  importunate 
kind  of  Devil,  by  Dint  of  Fasting  and  Prayer. 


Nov.  1.  By  the  negligence  of  one  of  the  Men  in  not  hobbling  his 
Horse,  he  straggled  so  far  that  he  could  not  be  found.  This  stopt  us  all 
the  Morning  long;  Yet,  because  our  Time  should  not  be  entirely  lost,  we 
endeavoured  to  observe  the  Latitude  at  twelve  a  clock.  Though  our  ob- 
servation was  not  perfect,  by  reason  the  Wind  blew  a  little  too  fresh, 
however,  by  Such  a  One  as  we  cou'd  make,  we  found  ourselves  in  36°  20' 
only. 

Notwithstanding  our  being  thus  delay'd,  and  the  unevenness  of  the 
Ground,  over  which  we  were  oblig'd  to  walk,  (for  most  of  us  serv'd  now 
in  the  Infantry,)  we  travell'd  no  less  than  6  miles,  Tho'  as  merciful 
as  we  were  to  our  poor  Beasts,  another  of  'em  tired  by  the  way,  &  was  left 
behind  for  the  Wolves  &  Panthers  to  feast  upon. 

As  we  marcht  along,  we  had  the  fortune  to  kill  a  Brace  of  Bucks,  as 
many  Bears,  and  one  wild  Turkey.  But  this  was  carrying  Sport  to 
wantonness,  because  we  butchered  more  than  we  were  able  to  transport. 
We  ordered  the  Deer  to  be  quarter'd  and  divided  amongst  the  Horses  for 
the  lighter  Carriage,  and  recommended  the  BeaiTS  to  our  dayly  attendants, 
the  Tiurkey-Buzzards. 

We  always  chose  to  carry  Venison  along  with  us  rather  than  Bear, 
not  only  because  it  was  less  cumbersome,  but  likewise  because  the  People 
cou'd  eat  it  without  Bread,  which  was  now  almost  spent.  Whereas  the 
other,  being  richer  food,  lay  too  heavy  upon  the  stomach,  unless  it  were 
lightened  by  something  farinaceous.  This  is  what  I  thought  proper  to 
remarque,  for  the  service  of  all  those  whose  Business  or  Diversion  shall 
oblige  them  to  live  any  time  in  the  Woods. 

And  because  I  am  persuaded  that  very  usefull  Matters  may  be  found 
out  by  Searching  this  great  Wilderness,  especially  the  upper  parts  of  it 
about  the  Mountains,  I  conceive  it  will  help  to  engage  able  men  in  that 
good  work,  if  I  recommend  a  wholesome  kind  of  Food,  of  very  small 
Weight  and  very  great  Nourishment,  that  will  secure  them  from  Starving, 
in  case  they  shou'd  be  so  unlucky  as  to  meet  with  no  Game.     The  Chief 


November]  The  Secret  History  253 


November 

1.  The  Pioneers  were  sent  away  about  9  a  Clock,  but  we  were 
detain'd  til  near  2,  by  reason  John  Evan's  his  Horse  cou'd  not  be 
found,  &  at  last  we  were  oblig'd  to  leave  4  Men  behind  to  look 
for  him.  However  we  made  a  Shift  to  go  6  Miles,  &  by  the  way 
had  the  Fortune  to  kill  a  Brace  of  Does,  2  Bears,  &  one  Turkey. 
Meanwell's  Riding  Horse  tir'd  too  by  the  way,  so  we  were  oblig'd 
to  drop  him  about  a  Mile  short  of  the  Camp.  Many  more  of 
our  Horses  were  so  weak  they  staggar'd  under  their  Riders,  so 
that  in  Compassion  to  the  poor  Animals  we  walk't  great  part  of  the 
way  notwithstanding  the  Path  was  very  rough,  &  in  many  places 
uneven.  For  the  same  good  natur'd  Reason  we  left  our  Bears* 
behind,  choosing  rather  to  carry  the  Venison,  for  which  our  Bishop 
had  like  to  have  mutiny'd.  We  endeavour'd  about  Noon  to  ob- 
serve the  Latitude,  but  our  Observation  was  something  imperfect, 
the  wind  blowing  too  fresh.  By  such  a  one  as  we  cou'd  make  we 
found  the  Latitude  no  more  than  36°  20'.  In  this  Camp  our 
Horses  had  short  Commons,  and  had  they  been  able  to  speak  like 
Balaam's  Ass  wou'd  have  bemoan'd  themselves  very  much. 


254  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [November 

discouragement  at  present  ftom  penetrating  far  into  the  Woods  in  the 
trouble  of  carrying  a  Load  of  Provisions.  I  must  own  Famine  is  a 
frightful  Monster,  and  for  that  reason  to  be  guarded  against  as  well  as 
we  can.  But  the  common  precautions  against  it,  are  so  burthensome, 
that  People  can't  tarry  long  out,  and  go  far  enough  from  home,  to  make 
any  effectual  Discovery. 

The  Portable  Provisions  I  would  furnish  our  Foresters  withal  are 
Glue-Broth  and  rockahomini :  one  contains  the  Essence  of  Bread,  the  other 
of  Meat. 

The  best  way  of  making  Glue-Broth  is  after  the  following  method: 
Take  a  Leg  of  Beef,  Veal,  Venison,  or  any  other  Young  Meat,  because 
Old  Meat  will  not  so  easily  Jelly.  Pare  off  all  the  fat,  in  which  there  is 
no  Nutriment,  and  of  the  Lean  make  a  very  strong  Broth,  after  the  usual 
Manner,  by  boiling  the  meat  to  Rags  till  all  the  Goodness  be  out.  After 
Skimming  off  what  fat  remains,  pour  the  Broth  into  a  wide  Stew-Pan,  well 
tinn'd,  &  let  it  simmer  over  a  gentle,  even  Fire,  till  it  come  to  a  thick 
Jelly.  Then  take  it  off  and  set  it  over  Boiling  Water,  which  is  an  Evener 
Heat,  and  not  so  apt  to  bum  the  Broth  to  the  Vessel.  Over  that  let  it 
evaporate,  stirring  it  very  often  till  it  be  reduc'd,  when  cold,  into  a  Solid 
Substance  like  Glue.  Then  cut  it  into  small  Pieces,  laying  them  Single 
in  the  Cold,  that  they  may  dry  the  Sooner.  When  the  Pieces  are  perfectly 
dry,  put  them  into  a  Cannister,  and  they  will  be  good,  if  kept  Dry,  a  whole 
East  India  Voyage. 

This  Glue  is  so  Strong,  that  two  or  three  Drams,  dissolv'd  in  boiling 
Water  with  a  little  Salt,  will  make  half  a  pint  of  good  Broth,  &  if  you 
shou'd  be  faint  with  fasting  or  Fatigue,  let  a  small  piece  of  this  Glue  melt 
in  your  Mouth,  and  you  will  find  yourself  surprisingly  refreshed. 

One  Pound  of  this  cookery  wou'd  keep  a  man  in  good  heart  above  a 
Month,  and  is  not  only  Nourishing,  but  likewise  very  wholesome.  Par- 
ticularly it  is  good  against  Fluxes,  which  Woodsmen  are  very  liable  to, 
by  lying  too  near  the  moist  ground,  and  guzzling  too  much  cold  Water. 
But  as  it  will  be  only  us'd  now  and  then,  in  times  of  Scarcity,  when 
Game  is  wanting,  two  Pounds  of  it  will  be  enough  for  a  Journey  of  Six 
Months. 

But  this  Broth  will  be  still  more  heartening  if  you  thicken  every  mess 
with  half  a  Spoonful  of  Rockahominy,  which  is  nothing  but  Indian  Corn 
parched  without  burning,  and  reduced  to  Powder.  The  Fire  drives  out 
all  the  Watery  Parts  of  the  Corn,  leaving  the  Strength  of  it  behind,  and 
this  being  very  dry,  becomes  much  lighter  for  carriage  and  less  liable  to  be 
Spoilt  by  the  Moist  Air. 

Thus  half  a  Dozen  Pounds  of  this  Sprightful  Bread  will  sustain  a 
Man  for  as  many  Months,  provided  he  husband  it  well,  and  always  Spare 
it  when  he  meets  with  Venison,  which,  as  I  said  before,  may  be  very  Safely 
eaten  without  any  Bread  at  all. 


November]  The  Secret  History 


[Continued  on  page  257] 


255 


256  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [November 

By  what  I  have  said,  a  Man  needs  not  encumber  himself  with  more  than 
8  or  10  Pounds  of  Provisions,  tho'  he  continue  half  a  year  in  the  Woods. 

These  and  his  Gun  will  support  him  very  well  during  that  time,  without 
the  least  danger  of  keeping  one  Single  Fast.  And  tho'  some  of  his  days 
may  be  what  the  French  call  Jours  maigres,  yet  there  will  happen  no  more 
of  those  than  will  be  necessaryfor  his  health,  and  to  carry  off  the  Excesses 
of  the  Days  of  Plenty,  when  our  Travellers  will  be  apt  to  indulge  their 
Lawless  Appetites  too  much. 


2,  The  Heavens  frowned  this  Morning,  and  threaten'd  abundance  of 
Rain,  but  our  Zeal  for  returning  made  us  defy  the  weather,  and  decamp 
a  little  before  Noon.  Yet  we  had  not  advanct  two  Miles,  before  a  Soaking 
Shower  made  us  glad  to  pitch  our  Tent  as  fast  as  we  could.  We  chose 
for  that  purpose  a  rising  Ground,  half  a  mile  to  the  East  of  MATRIMONY 
CREEK.  This  was  the  first  and  only  time  we  were  caught  in  the  Rain, 
during  the  whole  Expedition.  It  us'd  before  to  be  so  civil  as  to  fall  in 
the  night,  after  we  were  safe  in  our  Quarters,  and  had  trencht  ourselves 
in;  or  else  it  came  upon  us  on  Sundays,  when  it  was  no  Interruption  to  our 
Progress,  nor  any  Inconvenience  to  our  Persons. 

We  had,  however,  been  so  lucky  in  this  Particular  before,  that  we  had 
abundant  Reason  to  take  our  present  soaking  patiently,  and  the  Mis- 
fortune was  the  less,  because  we  had  taken  the  Precaution  to  keep  all  our 
Baggage  and  Bedding  perfectly  dry. 

This  Rain  was  enliven'd  with  very  loud  Thunder,  which  was  echo'd 
back  by  the  Hills  in  the  Neighbourhood  in  a  frightful  Manner.  There  is 
something  in  the  Woods  that  makes  the  Soimd  of  this  Meteor  more  awful, 
and  the  Violence  of  the  Lightening  more  Visible.  The  Trees  are  fre- 
quently Shiver'd  quite  down  to  the  Root,  and  sometimes  perfectly  twisted. 
But  of  all  the  Effects  of  Lightening  that  ever  I  heard  of,  the  most  amazing 
happen'd  in  this  country,  in  the  Year  1736. 

In  the  Summer  of  that  year  a  Surgeon  of  a  Ship,  whose  Name  was 
Davis,  came  ashoar  at  York  to  visit  a  Patient.  He  was  no  sooner  got  into 
the  House,  but  it  began  to  rain  with  many  terrible  Claps  of  Thunder. 
When  it  was  almost  dark  there  came  a  dreadful  Flash  of  Lightning,  which 
Struck  the  Surgeon  dead  as  he  was  walking  about  the  Room,  but  hurt 
no  other  Person,  tho'  several  were  near  him.  At  the  same  time  it  made 
a  large  Hole  in  the  Trimk  of  a  Pine  Tree,  which  grew  about  Ten  Feet 
from  the  Window.  But  what  was  most  surprising  in  this  Disaster  was, 
that  on  the  Breast  of  the  unfortunate  man  that  was  kill'd  was  the  Figure 
of  a  Pine  Tree,  as  exactly  delineated  as  any  Limner  in  the  World  could 
draw  it,  nay,  the  Resemblance  went  so  far  as  to  represent  the  colour  of 
the  Pine,  as  well  as  the  Figure.  The  Lightning  must  probably  have 
passed  thro'  the  Tree  first  before  it  struck  the  Man,  and  by  that  means 
have  printed  the  Icon  of  it  on  his  breast. 


November]  The  Secret  History  257 


2.  We  lost  all  the  Morning  in  hunting  for  Powell's  Mare,  so  that 
it  was  2  a  Clock  before  we  decampt.  Our  Zeal  to  make  the  best 
of  our  way  made  us  set  out  when  it  was  very  like  to  rain,  &  it 
rained  in  good  earnest  before  we  had  march't  a  Mile.  We  bore 
it  patiently  while  it  was  moderate,  &  repast  Matrimony  Creek 
about  1%  Miles  from  our  Camp.  But  soon  after  the  Rain  fell 
more  violently,  &  oblig'd  us  to  take  up  our  Quarters  upon  an  Im- 
inence,  that  we  might  not  be  drown'd.  This  was  the  only  time  we 
were  catch't  in  the  Rain  upon  the  Road  during  the  whole  Journey. 
It  us'd  to  be  so  civil  as  to  fall  in  the  Night,  as  it  did  while  Herod 
was  building  the  Temple  or  on  a  Sunday,  or  else  to  give  us  warn- 
ing enough  to  encamp  before  it  fell.  But  now  it  took  us  upon  the 
way,  &  made  our  Lodgeing  uncomfortable  because  we  were  oblig'd 
to  pitch  the  Tent  upon  wet  Ground.  The  worst  Circumstance  of 
all  was,  that  there  was  hardly  any  picking  for  the  Horses,  which 
were  now  grown  so  lean  &  so  weak,  that  the  Turkey-Buzzards  be- 
gan to  follow  them.  It  continu'd  raining  'til  3  a  Clock  in  the 
Morning,  when  to  our  great  Joy  it  clear'd  up  with  a  N.  Wester. 


17 


258  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [November 

But  whatever  may  have  been  the  cause,  the  Effect  was  certain,  and  can 
be  attested  by  a  Cloud  of  Witnesses  who  had  the  curiosity  to  go  and  see 
this  Wonderful  Phenomenon. 

The  worst  of  it  was,  we  were  forced  to  Encamp  in  a  barren  place,  where 
there  was  hardly  a  blade  of  Grass  to  be  seen.  Even  the  wild  Rosemary 
failed  us  here,  which  gave  us  but  too  just  apprehensions  that  we  should 
not  only  be  oblig'd  to  trudge  all  the  way  home  on  foot,  but  also  to  lug  our 
Baggage  at  our  Backs  into  the  Bargain. 

Thus  we  learnt  by  our  own  Experience,  that  Horses  are  very  improper 
animals  to  use  in  a  long  Ramble  into  the  Woods,  and  the  better  they 
have  been  used  to  be  fed,  they  are  still  the  worse.  Such  will  fall  away  a 
great  deal  faster,  and  fail  much  sooner,  than  those  which  are  wont  to  be  at 
their  own  keeping.  Besides,  Horses  that  have  been  accustom'd  to  a  Plane 
and  Champaign  Country  will  fovmder  presently,  when  they  come  to  clam- 
ber up  Hills,  and  batter  their  Hoofs  against  continal  Rocks. 

We  need  Welsh  Runts,  and  Highland  Galloways  to  climb  our  Mountains 
withal;  they  are  us'd  to  Precipices,  and  will  bite  as  close  as  Banstead  Down 
Sheep.  But  I  should  much  rather  recommend  Mules,  if  we  had  them, 
for  these  long  and  painful  Expeditions;  tho'  till  they  can  be  bred,  cer- 
tainly Asses  are  the  fittest  Beasts  of  Burthen  for  the  Mountains.  They 
are  sure-footed,  patient  under  the  heaviest  Fatigue,  and  will  subsist  upon 
Moss,  or  Browsing  on  Shrubs  all  the  Winter.  One  of  them  will  carry  the 
Necessary  Luggage  of  four  Men,  without  any  Difficulty,  and  upon  a  Pinch 
will  take  a  Quarter  of  Bear  or  Venison  upon  their  Backs  into  the  Bargain. 

Thus,  when  the  Men  are  light  and  disengaged  from  everything  but 
their  Guns,  they  may  go  the  whole  Journey  on  foot  with  pleasure.  And 
tho'  my  Dear  Countrymen  have  so  great  a  Passion  for  riding,  that  they 
will  often  walk  two  miles  to  catch  a  Horse,  in  Order  to  ride  One,  yet,  if 
they'll  please  to  take  my  Word  for  't,  when  they  go  into  the  Woods  upon 
Discovery,  I  would  advise  them  by  all  Means  to  march  a-foot,  for  they  will 
then  be  deliver'd  from  the  great  Care  and  Concern  for  their  Horses,  which 
takes  up  too  large  a  portion  of  their  time. 

Over  Night  we  are  now  at  the  trouble  of  hobbling  them  out,  and  often 
of  leading  them  a  mile  or  two  to  a  convenient  place  for  Forrage,  and 
then  in  the  morning  we  are  some  Hours  in  finding  them  again,  because 
they  are  apt  to  stray  a  great  way  from  the  place  where  they  were  turn'd 
out.  Now  and  then,  too,  they  are  lost  for  a  whole  day  together,  and  are 
frequently  so  weak  and  jaded,  that  the  Company  must  ly  still  Several 
days,  near  some  Meadow,  or  High-land  Pond,  to  recruit  them.  All  these 
delays  retard  their  Progress  intolerably;  whereas,  if  they  had  only  a  few 
Asses,  they  wou'd  abide  close  to  the  Camp,  and  find  Sufficient  food  every- 
where, and  in  all  Seasons  of  the  Year.  Men  wou'd  then  be  able  to  travel 
Safely  over  Hills  and  Dales,  nor  wou'd  the  Steepest  Mountains  obstruct 
their  Progress. 

They  might  also  search  more  narrowly  for  Mines  and  other  Production 


November]  The  Secret  History 


[Continued  on  page  261] 


259 


260  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [November 

of  Nature,  without  being  confin'd  to  level  grounds,  in  Compliment  to  the 
jades  they  ride  on.  And  one  may  foretell,  without  the  Spirit  of  Divination, 
that  so  long  as  Woodsmen  continue  to  range  on  Horse-back,  we  shall  be 
Strangers  to  our  own  Country,  and  a  few  or  no  valuable  Discoveries  will 
ever  be  made. 

The  FRENCH  COURIERS  de  Bois,  who  have  run  from  one  End  of  the 
Continent  to  the  other,  have  performed  it  all  on  foot,  or  else  in  all 
probability  must  have  continued  as  ignorant  as  we  are. 

Our  Country  has  now  been  inhabited  more  than  130  years  by  the  English, 
and  still  we  hardly  know  any  thing  of  the  Appallachian  Mountains,  that 
are  no  where  above  250  miles  from  the  sea.  Wliereas  the  French,  who  are 
later  comers,  have  rang'd  from  Quebec  Southward  as  far  as  the  Mouth 
of  Mississippi,  in  the  bay  of  Mexico,  and  to  the  West  almost  as  far  as 
California,  which  is  either  way  above  2000  miles. 

3.  A  North-west  Wind  having  clear'd  the  Sky,  we  were  now  tempted  to 
travel  on  a  Sunday,  for  the  first  time,  for  want  of  more  plentiful  Forage, 
though  some  of  the  more  Scrupulous  amongst  us  we  (re)  unwilling  to  do 
Evil,  that  good  might  come  of  it,  and  make  our  Cattle  work  a  Good  part 
of  the  Day  in  order  to  fill  their  Bellies  at  Night.  However,  the  Chaplain 
put  on  his  casuistical  Face,  and  offer'd  to  take  the  sin  upon  Himself. 
We  therefore  consented  to  move  a  Sabbath  Day's  Journey  of  3  or  4  Miles, 
it  appearing  to  be  a  Matter  of  some  necessity. 

On  the  way  our  unmerciful  Indian  kill'd  no  less  than  two  Brace  of  Deer 
and  a  large  Bear.  We  only  prim'd  the  Deer,  being  unwilling  to  be  en- 
cumbered with  their  whole  Carcasses.  The  rest  we  consign'd  to  the  Wolves, 
which  in  Return  seranaded  us  great  part  of  the  Night.     They  are  very 

olnmcroue   in   tKeir   Banquets,   wllich  WC  lOlUVV   is   the   way   snmft   other   RrilteS 

have,  in  the  extravagance  of  their  Jollity  and  Sprightliness,  of  expressing 
their  thanks  to  Providence. 

We  came  to  our  Old  camp,  in  Sight  of  the  River  Irvin,  whose  Stream 
was  Swell'd  now  near  four  feet  with  the  Rain  that  fell  the  Day  before. 
This  made  it  impracticable  for  us  to  ford  it,  nor  could  we  guess  when 
the  water  wou'd  fall  enough  to  let  us  go  over. 

This  put  our  Mathematical  Professor,  who  shou'd  have  set  a  better 
Example,  into  the  Vapours,  fearing  he  shou'd  be  oblig'd  to  take  up  his 
Winter  Quarters  in  that  doleful  Wilderness.  But  the  rest  were  not  affected 
with  his  want  of  Faith,  but  preserv'd  a  Firmness  of  Mind  Superior  to 
such  little  Adverse  Accidents.  They  trusted  that  the  same  good  Providence 
which  had  most  remarkably  prosper'd  them  hitherto,  would  continue  his 
goodness  and  conduct  them  safe  to  the  End  of  their  Journey. 

However,  we  found  plainly  that  travelling  on  the  Sunday,  contrary  to 
our  constant  Rule,  had  not  thriven  with  us  in  the  least.  We  were  not  gain- 
ers of  any  distance  by  it,  because  the  River  made  us  pay  two  days  for 
Violating  one. 


November]  The  Secret  History  261 


3.  It  was  my  Opinion  to  rest  in  our  Camp,  bad  as  it  was,  because 
it  was  Sunday:  but  every  body  was  against  me.  They  urg'd  the 
Danger  of  Starving  the  Horses,  &  the  Short  March  we  made  Yes- 
terday, which  might  Justify  making  a  Sabbath  Day's  Journey  to 
day.  I  held  out  against  all  these  Arguments  on  Account  of  rest- 
ing the  Horses,  which  they  greatly  needed,  as  well  as  because  of 
the  Duty  of  the  Day;  'til  at  last  the  Chaplain  came  with  a  Casuisti- 
cal Face,  &  told  me  it  was  a  Case  of  necessity  that  oblig'd  us  to 
remove  from  a  place  that  wou'd  famish  all  our  Horses.  That 
Charity  to  those  poor  Animals  wou'd  excuse  a  small  Violation  of 
of  the  4*'*  Commandment.  I  answer'd  that  the  Horse  wou'd  lose 
as  much  by  the  Fatigue  of  travelling,  as  they  wou'd  gain  by  the 
bettering  their  Food;  that  the  Water  was  rais'd  in  the  River  Irvin, 
&  we  shou'd  be  forc't  to  stay  'til  it  was  fallen  again,  &  so  shou'd 
gain  no  distance  by  travelling  on  the  Sunday.  However  on  condi- 
tion the  D'  wou'd  take  the  Sin  upon  himself,  I  agreed  to  move 
3  or  4  Miles,  which  carry'd  us  to  the  Banks  of  the  Irvine.  By  the 
way  our  Indian  kill'd  4  Deer  &  a  Bear.  When  we  came  to  the 
River,  we  found  the  Water  3  or  4  Foot  higher  than  when  we  came 
up,  so  that  there  was  no  liklihood  of  getting  over  under  2  Days. 
This  made  good  my  Argument,  &  put  our  hasty  Gentlemen  into 
the  Vapour,  especially  Orion,  who  was  more  impatient  than  any 
Body.  I  cou'd  find  no  other  Reason  for  it,  but  because  he  had 
dream't  that  Col°  Beverley  was  dead,  and  imagined  his  Absence 
might  hinder  him  from  making  Interest  for  his  Place  of  Surveyor 


262  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [November 

Nevertheless,  by  making  this  Reflection,  I  would  not  be  thought  so 
rigid  an  observer  of  the  Sabbath  as  to  allow  of  no  Work  at  all  to  be 
done,  or  Journeys  to  be  taken  upon  it.  I  should  not  care  to  ly  still  and 
be  knockt  on  the  head,  as  the  Jews  were  heretofore  by  Antiochus,  because 
I  believ'd  it  unlawful  to  stand  upon  my  Defense  on  this  good  day.  Nor 
would  I  care,  like  a  certain  New  England  Magistrate,  to  order  a  Man  to 
the  Whipping  Post,  for  daring  to  ride  for  a  Midwife  on  the  Lord's  Day. 

On  the  contrary,  I  am  for  doing  all  acts  of  Necessity,  Charity,  and  Self- 
Preservation,  upon  a  Sunday  as  well  as  other  days  of  the  Week.  But,  as  I 
think  our  present  March  cou'd  not  Strictly  be  justify'd  by  any  of  these 
Rules,  it  was  but  just  we  should  suffer  a  little  for  it. 

I  never  could  learn  that  the  Indians  set  apart  any  day  of  the  Week 
or  the  Year  for  the  Service  of  God.  They  pray,  as  Philosophers  eat,  only 
when  they  have  a  stomach,  without  having  any  set  time  for  it.  Indeed 
these  Idle  People  have  very  little  occasion  for  a  sabbath  to  refresh  them- 
selves after  hard  Labour,  because  very  few  of  them  ever  Labour  at  all. 
Like  the  wild  Irish,  they  would  rather  want  than  Work,  and  are  all  men 
of  Pleasure  to  whom  every  day  is  a  day  of  rest. 

Indeed,  in  their  Himting,  they  will  take  a  little  Pains,  but  this  being 
only  a  Diversion,  their  spirits  are  rather  rais'd  than  depress'd  by  it,  and 
therefore  need  at  most  but  a  Night's  Sleep  to  recruit  them. 


4.  By  some  Stakes  we  had  driven  into  the  River  yesterday,  we  perceiv'd 
the  Water  began  to  fall,  but  fell  so  Slowly  that  we  found  we  must  have 
patience  a  day  or  two  longer.  And  because  we  were  unwilling  to  ly 
altogether  Idle,  we  sent  back  some  of  the  men  to  bring  up  the  two 
Horsps  thnt  tlrM  the  Saturday  before.  They  Were  found  near  the  place 
where  we  had  left  them,  but  seemed  too  sensible  of  their  Liberty  to  come 
to  us.  They  were  found  Standing  indeed,  but  as  Motionless  as  the  Eques- 
trian statue  at  CHARING-CROSS. 

We  had  great  reason  to  apprehend  more  Rain  by  the  clouds  that  drove 
over  our  Heads.  The  boldest  amongst  us  were  not  without  some  Pangs 
of  uneasiness  at  so  very  Sullen  a  Prospect.  However,  God  be  prais'd! 
it  all  blew  over  in  a  few  Hours. 

If  much  Rain  had  fallen,  we  resolv'd  to  make  a  Raft  and  bind  it  to- 
gether with  Grape  Vines,  to  Ferry  ourselves  and  Baggage  over  the  River. 
Tho',  in  that  Case,  we  expected  the  Swiftness  of  the  Stream  wou'd  have 
carry 'd  down  our  Raft  a  long  way  before  we  cou'd  have  tugg'd  it  to  the 
opposite  shear. 

One  of  the  Young  Fellows  we  had  sent  to  bring  up  the  tired  Horses 
entertained  us  in  the  Evening  with  a  remarkable  adventure  he  had 
met  with  that  day. 

He  had  straggled,  it  seems,  from  his  Company  in  a  mist,  and  made 
a  cub  of  a  year  old  betake  itself  to  a  Tree.    While  he  was  new-priming 


November]  The  Secret  History  263 

Gen".  In  the  Evening  we  perceiv'd  the  Water  began  to  fall  in 
the  River,  which  gave  some  of  the  Company  the  Vain  hopes  of 
getting  over  the  next  day. 


4.  In  the  Morning  we  measured  the  Marks  we  had  set  up  at  the 
River,  &  found  the  Water  had  not  fallen  above  a  foot,  by  this 
we  were  convinced,  that  we  shou'd  be  obliged  to  halt  there  a  day 
longer.  We  sent  some  Men  to  endeavour  to  bring  up  2  Horses, 
which  tired  on  Saturday,  but  the  Horses  were  too  well  pleas'd  with 
their  Liberty,  to  come  along  with  them.  One  of  these  Manumitted 
Horses  belong'd  to  Abraham  Jones,  and  being  prick't  in  the  Mouth 
he  bled  himself  quite  off  his  Leggs. 

There  being  great  Plenty  in  our  Camp  the  Men  kept  eating  all 
day  to  keep  them  out  of  Idleness.  In  the  Evening  it  look't  very 
dark,  &  menaced  us  with  more  Rain  to  our  great  Mortification,  but 
after  a  few  Drops,  I  thank  God  it  blew  over.  Orion  sigh'd  heavily 
while  it  lasted,  apprehending  we  shou'd  take  up  our  Winter 
Quarters  in  the  Woods.  John  Ellis  who  was  one  of  the  Men  we 
had  sent  to  bring  up  the  tired  Horses  told  us  a  Romantick  Ad- 
venture which  he  had  with  a  Bear  on  Saturday  last.  He  had  strag- 
gled from  his  Company,  &  tree'd  a  Young  Cubb.  While  he  was 
new  priming  his  Gun  to  shoot  at  it,  the  Old  Gentlewoman  appear'd, 
who  seeing  her  Heir  Apparent  in  Distress,  came  up  to  his  Relief. 


264  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [November 

his  piece,  with  intent  to  fetch  it  down,  the  Old  Gentlewoman  appeared, 
and  perceiving  her  Heir  apparent  in  Distress,  advanc'd  open-mouth'd  to 
his  relief. 

The  man  was  so  intent  upon  his  Game,  that  she  had  approacht  very  near 
him  before  he  perceived  her.  But  finding  his  Danger,  he  faced  about 
upon  the  Enemy,  which  immediately  rear'd  upon  her  posteriors,  &  put 
herself  in  Battle  Array. 

The  Man,  admiring  at  the  Bear's  assurance,  endeavour'd  to  fire  upon 
Her,  but  by  the  Dampness  of  the  Priming,  his  Gun  did  not  go  off.  He 
cockt  it  a  second  time,  and  had  the  same  misfortune.  After  missing  Fire 
twice,  he  had  the  folly  to  punch  the  Beast  with  the  muzzle  of  his  Piece; 
but  mother  Bruin,  being  upon  her  Guard,  seized  the  Weapon  with  her 
Paws,  and  by  main  strength  wrenched  it  out  of  the  Fellow's  Hands. 

The  Man  being  thus  fairly  disarm'd,  thought  himself  no  longer  a 
Match  for  the  Enemy,  and  therefore  retreated  as  fast  as  his  Legs  could 
carry  him. 

The  brute  naturally  grew  bolder  upon  the  flight  of  her  Adversary,  and 
pursued  him  with  all  her  heavy  speed.  For  some  time  it  was  doubtful 
whether  fear  made  one  run  faster,  or  Fury  the  other.  But  after  an  even 
course  of  about  50  yards,  the  Man  had  the  Mishap  to  Stumble  over  a 
Stump,  and  fell  down  his  full  Length.  He  now  wou'd  have  sold  his  Life 
a  Penny-worth;  but  the  Bear  apprehending  there  might  be  some  Trick 
in  the  Fall,  instantly  halted,  and  lookt  with  much  attention  on  her  Prostrate 
Foe. 

In  the  mean  while,  the  Man  had  with  great  presence  of  Mind  resolved 
to  make  the  Bear  believe  he  was  dead,  by  lying  Breathless  on  the  Groimd, 
in  Hopes  that  the  Beast  would  be  too  generous  to  kill  him  over  again.  To 
carry  on  the  Farce,  he  acted  the  Corpse  for  some  time  without  dareing  to 
raise  his  head,  to  see  how  near  the  Monster  was  to  him.  But  in  about  two 
Minutes,  to  his  unspeakable  Comfort,  he  was  rais'd  from  the  Dead  by  the 
Barking  of  a  Dog,  belonging  to  one  of  his  companions,  who  came  Season- 
ably to  his  Rescue,  and  drove  the  Bear  from  pursuing  the  Man  to  take 
care  of  her  Cub,  which  she  fear'd  might  now  fall  into  a  second  Distress. 


5.  We  Judg'd  the  Waters  were  assuag'd  this  morning  to  make  the  River 
fordable.  Therefore  about  Ten  we  try'd  the  Experiment,  and  every  Body 
got  over  Safe,  except  one  man,  whose  Horse  Slipt  from  a  Rock  as  he 
forded  over,  and  threw  him  into  the  River.  But  being  able  to  swim,  he 
was  not  Carry'd  down  the  Stream  very  far  before  he  recover'd  the  North 
Shore. 

At  the  Distance  of  about  6  miles  we  passt  CASCADE  CREEK,  and  3 
Miles  farther  we  came  upon  the  Banks  of  the  Dan,  which  we  crost  with 
much  Difficulty,  by  reason  the  Water  was  risen  much  higher  than  when  we 
forded  it  before. 


November]  The  Secret  History  265 

The  Bear  advanced  very  near  to  her  Enemy,  rear'd  up  on  her 
Posteriours,  &  put  herself  in  Guard.  The  Man  presented  his 
Piece  at  her,  but  unfortunately  it  only  snapp't,  the  Powder  being 
moist.  Missing  his  Fire  in  this  Manner  he  offer'd  to  punch  her 
with  the  Muzzle  of  his  Gun,  which  Mother  Bruin  being  aware  of, 
seized  the  Weapon  with  her  Paws,  &  by  main  strength  wrench't 
it  out  of  his  Hand.  Being  thus  fairly  disarm'd,  &  not  knowing  in 
the  fright,  but  the  Bear  might  turn  his  own  Cannon  upon  him,  he 
thought  it  prudent  to  retire  as  fast  as  his  Legs  cou'd  carry  him. 
The  Brute  being  grown  more  bold  by  the  Flight  of  her  Adversary, 
immediately  pursued,  and  for  some  time  it  was  doubtfull, 
whether  Fear  made  one  Run  faster,  or  Fury  the  other.  But  after 
a  fair  Course  of  40  Yards,  the  poor  man  had  the  Mishap  to  stumble 
over  a  Stump,  and  fell  down  at  his  full  length.  He  now  wou'd 
have  sold  his  Life  a  Penny-worth:  But  the  Bear  apprehending 
there  might  be  some  Trick  in  this  Fall,  instantly  halted,  and  look't 
very  earnestly  to  observe  what  the  Man  cou'd  mean.  In  the 
Meantime  he  had  with  much  Presence  of  Mind,  resolved  to  make 
the  Bear  believe  he  was  dead,  by  lying  breathless  on  the  Ground, 
Upon  the  hopes  that  the  Bear  wou'd  be  too  generous  to  kill  him 
over  again.  He  acted  a  Corps  in  this  Manner  for  some  time,  till  he 
was  rais'd  from  the  Dead  by  the  Barking  of  a  Dog,  belonging  to  one 
of  his  Companions.  Cur  came  up  seasonably  to  his  Rescue  and 
drove  the  Bear  from  her  Pursuit  of  the  Man,  to  go  and  take  care  of 
her  innocent  Cubb,  which  she  now  apprehended  might  fall  into  a 
Second  Distress. 


5.  We  found  this  Morning  that  the  River  had  fallen  no  more 
than  4  Inches  the  whole  Night,  but  a  North  Wester  had  swept 
away  all  the  Clouds.  About  10  we  resolv'd  to  pass  the  River, 
which  we  did  very  safely,  thank  God,  only  Tom  Short's  Horse 
fell  with  him,  &  sopp't  him  all  over.  In  the  Distance  of  6  Miles 
we  crost  Cascade  Creek,  &  from  thence  proceeded  in  near  3  Miles 
to  the  Dan,  which  we  forded  with  some  difficulty,  because  the 
Water  was  deeper  than  when  we  came  over  it  before.     Unfortu- 


266  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [November 

Here  the  same  unlucky  Person  happen'd  to  be  duckt  a  Second  time, 
and  was  a  Second  time  Sav'd  by  Swimming.  My  own  Horse  too  plunged 
in  such  a  Manner  that  his  Head  was  more  than  once  under  Water,  but 
with  much  more  ado  recover'd  his  Feet,  tho'  he  made  so  low  an  obeisance, 
that  the  water  ran  fairly  over  my  Saddle. 

We  continued  our  march  as  far  as  LOWLAND  CREEK,  where  we  took 
up  our  Lodging,  for  the  benefit  of  the  Canes  and  Winter  Grass  that  grew 
upon  the  rich  Grounds  thereabouts.  On  our  way  thither  we  had  the  Mis- 
fortune to  drop  another  Horse,  though  he  carry'd  nothing  the  whole  day 
but  his  Saddle.  We  showed  the  same  favour  to  most  of  our  Horses,  for 
fear,  if  we  did  not  do  it,  we  should  in  a  little  time  be  turned  into  Beasts  of 
Burthen  ourselves. 

Custom  had  now  made  travelling  on  foot  so  familiar,  that  we  were  able 
to  walk  ten  Miles  with  Pleasure.  This  we  cou'd  do  in  our  Boots,  not- 
withstanding our  way  lay  over  rough  Woods  and  uneven  Grounds. 

Our  learning  to  walk  in  heavy  Boots  was  the  same  advantage  to  us  that 
learning  to  Dance  High  Dances  in  Wooden  Shoes  is  to  the  French,  it 
made  us  most  exceedingly  Nimble  without  them. 

The  Indians,  who  have  no  way  of  travelling  but  on  the  Hoof,  make 
nothing  of  going  25  miles  a  day,  and  carrying  their  little  Necessaries 
at  their  backs,  and  Sometimes  a  Stout  Pack  of  Skins  into  the  Bargain. 
And  very  often  they  laugh  at  the  English,  who  can't  Stir  to  Next  Neigh- 
bour without  a  Horse,  and  say  that  2  Legs  are  too  much  for  such  lazy 
people,  who  cannot  visit  their  next  neighbour  without  six. 

For  their  Parts,  they  were  utter  Strangers  to  all  our  Beasts  of  Burthen 
or  Carriage,  before  the  Slothful  Europeans  came  amongst  them.  They 
had  on  no  part  of  the  American  Continent,  or  in  any  of  the  Islands,  either 
Horses  or  Asses,  Camels,  Dromedaries  or  Elephants,  to  ease  the  Legs  of  the 
Original  Inhabitants,  or  to  lighten  their  Labour. 

Indeed,  in  South  America,  and  particularly  in  Chili,  they  have  a  useful 
animal  call'd  "paco."  This  creature  resembles  a  Sheep  pretty  much; 
only  in  the  Length  of  the  Neck,  and  figure  of  the  Head,  it  is  more  like  a 
Camel.  It  is  very  near  as  high  as  the  ass,  and  the  Indians  there  make  use 
of  it  for  carrying  moderate  Burthens, 

The  Fleece  that  grows  upon  it  is  very  Valuable  for  the  fineness, 
length  and  Glossiness  of  the  Wool.  It  has  one  remarkable  Singularity, 
that  the  Hoofs  of  its  fore-feet  have  three  Clefts,  and  those  behind  no  more 
than  one.  The  Flesh  of  this  Animal  is  something  drier  than  our  Mutton, 
but  altogether  as  well  tasted. 

When  it  is  Angry,  it  has  no  way  of  resenting  its  wrongs,  but  by  spitting 
in  the  Face  of  those  that  provoke  it:  and  if  the  Spawl  happen  to  light 
on  the  bare  Skin  of  any  Person,  it  first  creates  an  Itching,  and  after- 
wards a  Scab,  if  no  Remedy  be  applied.  The  way  to  manage  these  pacos, 
and  make  them  tractable,  is,  to  bore  a  hole  in  their  ears,  through  which 
they  put  a  Rope,  and  then  guide  them  just  as  they  please. 


November]  The  Secret  History 


267 


nate  M'  Short  was  duck't  in  a  Second  Time  by  the  Fall  of  his  horse 

but  receiv'd  no  hurt.     My  Horse  made  a  false  Step,  so  that  his 

Head  was  all  underwater,  but  recover'd  himself  with  much  adoe. 

Having  day  enough  left  we  proceeded  as  far  as  Low-land  Creek, 

where  we  took  up  our  Quarters,  and  had  great  Plenty  both  of  Canes' 

&  Winter  Grass  for  the  Horses,  but  Whitlock's  Horse  tired  2  Miles 

off,  and  so  did  one  of  Astrolabe's.     The  Truth  of  it  is,  we  made 

a  long  Journey,  not  less  than  14  Miles  in  the  round  about  Distance 

we  came,  tho'  it  did  not  exceed  10  upon  the  Line.     I  favour'd  my 

Steed  by  walking  great  part  of  the  way  on  foot;  it  being  Level  & 

well   clear'd   made   the    Fatigue   more   tolerable.      The    Indian 

kill'd  a  Young  Buck,  the  Bones  of  which  we  pick't  very  clean, 

but  want  of  Bear  made  D'  Humdrum  less  gay,  than  he  used  to  be 

where  that  delicious  Food  was  Plenty. 


268  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [November 

In  Chili,  they  wear  a  beautiful  kind  of  Stuff,  with  thread  made  of  thia 
Creature's  Wool,  which  has  a  Gloss  Superior  to  any  Camlet,  and  is  sold 
very  dear  in  that  country. 


6.  The  Difficulty  of  finding  the  Horses  among  the  tall  Canes  made  it 
late  before  we  decampt.  We  traversed  very  hilly  Grounds,  but  to  make 
amends  it  was  pretty  clear  of  Underwood. 

We  avoided  crossing  the  Dan  twice  by  taking  a  Compass  round  the  bent 
of  it.  There  was  no  passing  by  the  angle  of  the  River  without  halting  a 
moment  to  entertain  our  Eyes  again  with  that  Charming  Prospect.  When 
that  pleasure  was  over  we  proceeded  to  Sable  Creek,  and  encampted  a 
little  to  the  East  of  it. 

The  River  thereabouts  had  a  charming  effect,  its  Banks  being  adorn'd 
with  green  canes,  sixteen  feet  high,  which  make  a  Spring  all  the  year,  as 
well  as  plenty  of  Forage  all  the  Winter. 

One  of  the  Men  wounded  an  Old  Buck,  that  was  gray  with  years,  and 
seem'd  by  the  Reverend  Marks  he  bore  upon  him,  to  confirm  the  current 
Opinion  of  that  animal's  Longevity.  The  Smart  of  his  Wounds  made 
him  not  only  turn  upon  the  Dogs,  but  likewise  pursue  them  to  some  Dis- 
tance with  great  Fury. 

However  he  got  away  at  last,  though  by  the  blood  that  issued  from  his 
Woimd  he  could  not  run  far  before  he  fell,  and  without  doubt  made  a 
comfortable  repast  for  the  wolves.  However  the  Indian  had  better  For- 
tune, and  supply'd  us  with  a  fat  Doe,  and  a  young  Bear  two  years  old. 
At  that  Age  they  are  in  their  Prime,  and,  if  they  be  fat  withal,  they  are  a 
Morsel  for  a  Cardinal. 

All  the  Land  we  Travell'd  over  this  day,  and  the  day  before,  that  is  to 
say  from  the  river  Irvin  to  Sable  Creek,  is  exceedingly  rich,  both  on  the 
Virginia  Side  of  the  Line,  and  that  of  Carolina.^^  Besides  whole  Forests  of 
Canes,  that  adorn  the  Banks  of  the  River  and  Creeks  thereabouts,  the 
fertility  of  the  Soil  throws  out  such  a  Quantity  of  Winter  Grass,  that 
Horses  and  Cattle  might  keep  themselves  in  Heart  all  the  cold  Season 
without  the  help  of  any  Fodder.  Nor  have  the  low  Grounds  only  this  ad- 
vantage, but  likewise  the  Higher  Land,  and  particularly  that  which  we 
call  the  Highland  Pond,  which  is  two  miles  broad,  and  of  a  length 
unknown. 

1  question  not  but  there  are  30,000  Acres  of  least,  lying  Altogether,  as 
fertile  as  the  Lands  were  said  to  be  about  Babylon,  which  yielded,  if 


^  Byrd  is  here  describing  the  lands  which  he  purchased  from  the  North  Carolina 
commissioners,  who  had  secured  them  in  payment  for  their  services.  Byrd  called 
the  region  the  Land  of  Eden.  He  inserted  in  the  manuscript  of  The  Journey  to  the 
Land  of  Eden  a  map  of  his  purchases,  which  was  published  in  Wynne's  version,  and 
is  here  reproduced. 


4 


^ 
s 


U 


November]  The  Secret  History  269 


6.  We  sat  not  out  til  near  12,  &  past  over  very  uneven  Ground, 
tho'  our  Comfort  was  that  it  was  open  and  clear  of  Bushes.  We 
avoided  crossing  the  Dan  twice,  by  going  round  the  Bent  of  it. 
About  3  we  past  by  Mount  Pleasant,  and  proceeded  along  the 
River  Side  to  Sable  Creek,  which  we  crost,  and  encampt  a  little 
beyond  it  near  the  Banks  of  the  Dan.  The  Horses  fared  Sumptu- 
ously here  upon  Canes  &  Grass.  Hamilton  wounded  a  Buck, 
which  made  him  turn  upon  the  Dogs,  &  even  pursue  them  40 
Yards  with  great  Fury.  But  he  got  away  from  us,  chusing  rather 
to  give  the  Wolves  a  Supper,  than  to  more  cruel  Man.  However 
our  other  Gunners  had  better  Fortune,  in  killing  a  Doe  &  2  year- 
old  Cubb.  Thus  Providence  supply'd  us  every  day  with  Food 
sufficient  for  us,  making  the  Barren  Wilderness  a  Theater  of 
Plenty.  The  Wind  blew  very  cold,  and  produced  a  hard  Frost. 
Our  Journey  this  day  did  not  exceed  5  Miles,  great  part  of  which 
in  Complement  to  my  Horse,  I  perform'd  on  Foot,  notwithstanding 
the  way  was  Mountainous,  and  the  Leaves  that  cover'd  the  Hills 
as  slippery  as  Ice. 


270  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [November 

Herodotus  tells  us  right,  an  Increase  of  no  less  that  2  or  300  for  one. 
But  this  hath  the  Advantage  of  being  a  higher  and  consequently  a  much 
healthier,  Situation  than  that.  So  that  a  Colony  of  1000  families  might, 
with  the  help  of  Moderate  Industry,  pass  their  time  very  happily  there. 

Besides  grazing  and  Tillage,  which  would  abundantly  compensate  their 
Labour,  they  might  plant  Vineyards  upon  the  Hills,  in  which  Situation  the 
richest  Wines  are  always  produc'd. 

They  might  also  propagate  white  Mulberry  Trees,  which  thrive  ex- 
ceedingly in  this  climate,  in  order  to  the  feeding  of  silk-worms,  and  making 
of  Raw  Silk. 

They  might  too  produce  Hemp,  Flax  and  Cotton,  in  what  quantity  they 
pleas'd,  not  only  for  their  own  use,  but  likewise  for  Sale.  Then  they 
might  raise  very  plentiful  Orchards,  of  both  Peaches  and  Apples,  which 
contribute  as  much  as  any  Fruit  to  the  Luxury  of  Life.  There  is  no  Soil 
or  Climate  will  yield  better  Rice  than  this,  which  is  a  Grain  of  prodigious 
Increase,  and  of  very  wholesome  Nourishment.  In  short  every  thing 
will  grow  plentifully  here  to  supply  either  the  Wants  of  Wantonness  of 
Man. 

Nor  can  I  so  much  as  wish  that  the  more  tender  Vegetables  might  grow 
here,  such  as  Orange,  Lemon,  and  Olive  Trees,  because  then  we  shou'd 
lose  the  much  greater  benefit  of  the  brisk  North-West  Winds,  which 
purge  the  Air,  and  sweep  away  all  the  Malignant  Fevers,  which  hover  over 
countries  that  are  always  warm. 

The  Soil  wou'd  also  want  the  advantages  of  Frost,  and  Snow,  which  by 
their  Nitrous  Particles  contribute  not  a  little  to  its  Fertility.  Besides  the 
Inhabitants  wou'd  be  depriv'd  of  the  Variety  and  Sweet  Vicissitude  of  the 
Season,  which  is  much  more  delightful  than  one  dull  and  Constant  Suc- 
cession of  Warm  Weather,  diversify'd  only  by  Rain  and  Sun  Shine. 

There  is  also  another  convenience,  that  happens  to  this  country  by  cold 
weather — it  destroys  a  great  Number  of  Snakes,  and  other  Venomous 
Reptiles,  and  troublesome  Insects,  or  at  least  lays  them  to  Sleep  for  Several 
Months,  which  otherwise  would  annoy  us  the  whole  year  round,  &  multiply 
beyond  all  Enduring. 

Though  Oranges  and  Lemons  are  desirable  Fruits,  and  Useful  enough 
in  many  Cases,  yet,  when  the  Want  of  them  is  Supply'd  by  others  more 
useful,  we  have  no  cause  to  complain. 

There  is  no  climate  that  produces  every  thing,  since  the  Deluge  Wrencht 
the  Poles  of  the  World  out  of  their  Place,  nor  is  it  fit  it  shou'd  be  so, 
because  it  is  the  Mutual  Supply  one  country  receives  from  another,  which 
creates  a  mutual  Traffic  and  Intercourse  amongst  men.  And  in  Truth, 
were  it  not  for  the  correspondence,  in  order  to  make  up  for  each  other's 
Wants,  the  Wars  betwixt  Bordering  Nations,  like  those  of  the  Indians  and 
other  barbarous  People,  wou'd  be  perpetual  and  irreconcileable. 

As  to  Olive  Trees,  I  know  by  Experience  they  will  never  stand  the 
Sharpness  of  our  Winters,  but  their  Place  may  be  Supply'd  by  the  Plant 


November]  The  Secret  History 


[Continued  on  page  273] 


271 


272  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [November 

call'd  Sessamun,^^  which  yields  an  infinite  quantity  of  large  Seed,  from 
whence  a  Sweet  Oyl  is  prest,  that  is  very  wholesome  and  in  use  amongst 
the  People  of  Lesser  Asia.  Likewise  it  is  us'd  in  Egypt,  preferably  to 
oyl  olive,  being  not  so  apt  to  make  those  that  eat  it  Constantly  break 
out  into  Scabs,  as  they  do  in  many  parts  of  Italy.  This  would  grow  very 
kindly  here,  and  has  already  been  planted  with  good  Success  in  North 
Carolina,  by  way  of  Experiment. 


7.  After  crossing  the  Dan,  we  made  a  march  of  8  miles,  over  Hills 
and  Dales  as  far  as  the  next  Ford  of  that  River.  And  now  we  were  by 
Practice  become  such  very  able  Footmen,  that  we  easily  outwalkt  our 
Horses,  and  cou'd  have  marcht  much  farther,  had  it  not  been  in  pity  to 
their  Weakness.  Besides  here  was  plenty  of  Canes,  which  was  reason 
enough  to  make  us  Shorten  our  Journey.  Our  Gunners  did  great  Execu- 
tion as  they  went  along,  killing  no  less  than  two  Brace  of  Deer,  and  as 
many  Wild  Turkeys. 

Though  Practice  will  soon  make  a  man  of  tolerable  Vigour  an  able 
Footman,  yet,  as  a  Help  to  bear  Fatigue  I  us'd  to  chew  a  Root  of  Ginseng 
as  I  Walk't  along.  This  kept  up  my  Spirits,  and  made  me  trip  away  as 
nimbly  in  my  half  Jack-Boots  as  younger  men  cou'd  in  their  Shoes. 
This  Plant  is  in  high  Esteem  in  China,  where  it  sells  for  its  Weight  in 
Silver.  Indeed  it  does  not  grow  there,  but  in  the  Mountains  of  Tartary, 
to  which  Place  the  emperor  of  China  Sends  10,000  Men  every  Year  on 
purpose  to  gather  it.  But  it  grows  so  scattering  there,  that  even  so  many 
hands  can  bring  home  no  great  Quantity.  Indeed  it  is  a  Vegetable  of 
so  many  vertues,  that  Providence  has  planted  it  very  thin  in  every  Country 
that  has  the  happiness  to  produce  it.  Nor  indeed  is  Mankind  worthy  of 
so  great  a  Blessing,  since  Health  and  long  Life  are  commonly  Abus'd  to 
ill  Purposes.  This  noble  Plant  grows  likewise  at  the  Cape  of  Good 
Hope,  where  it  is  Call'd  kanna,  and  is  in  wonderful  Esteem  among  the 
Hottentots.  It  grows  also  on  the  northern  continent  of  America,  near  the 
Mountains,  but  as  Sparingly  as  Truth  &  Public  Spirit.  It  answers  exactly 
both  to  the  Figure  and  vertues  of  that  which  grows  in  Tartary,  so  that 
there  can  be  no  doubt  of  its  being  the  Same. 

Its  vertues  are,  that  it  gives  an  imcommon  Warmth  and  Vigour  to  the 
Blood,  and  frisks  the  Spirits,  beyond  any  other  Cordial.  It  chears  the 
Heart  even  of  a  Man  that  has  a  bad  Wife,  and  makes  him  look  down 
with  great  Composure  on  the  crosses  of  the  World.  It  promotes  insensible 
Perspiration,  dissolves  all  Phlegmatick  and  Viscous  Humours,  that  are 
apt  to  obstruct  the  Narrow  channels  of  the  Nerves.     It  helps  the  Memory, 


*"  The  Sesamum  Indicum,  or  Benne  Plant,  the  seed  of  which  were  used  as  food 
by  the  Negroes.  The  oil  was  used  medicinally  and  also  the  leaves,  from  which 
a  gummy  muscilage  was  derived.  See  Porcher,  F.  A.  Resources  of  Southern  Fields 
and  Forests,  p.  450. 


November]  The  Secret  History  273 


7.  After  dispatching  away  our  Pioneers  at  8  a  Clock,  we  follow'd 
them  at  10.  The  Ground  was  very  hilly,  and  full  of  Underwood, 
hut  our  Pioneers  had  help't  that  Inconvenience.  Our  Journey 
was  8  Miles  by  the  Lines,  but  near  10  by  our  Path,  which  was  not 
quite  so  strait.  The  Hunters  were  more  fortunate  than  Ordinary, 
killing  no  less  than  4  Deer,  and  as  many  Turkeys.  This  made 
them  impatient  to  encamp  early,  that  they  might  enjoy  the  Fruits 
of  their  good  Luck.  We  arriv'd  at  2  a  Clock  on  the  Banks  of  the 
Dan,  where  we  mark't  out  our  Quarters,  where  the  Horses  had  as 
great  Plenty  as  ourselves.  However  they  were  now  grown  so 
weak,  that  they  stagger'd  when  we  dismounted,  and  those  which 
had  been  used  to  the  Stable  &  dry  Food  throve  least  upon  Grass 
&  Canes,  &  were  much  sooner  jaded  than  the  rest. 


274  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [November 

and  would  quicken  even  Helvetian  dullness.  'Tis  friendly  to  the  Lungs, 
much  more  than  Scolding  itself.  It  comforts  the  Stomach,  and  Strengthens 
the  Bowels,  preventing  all  Colicks  and  Fluxes.  In  one  Word,  it  will  make 
a  Man  live  a  great  while,  and  very  well  while  he  does  live.  And  what 
is  more,  it  will  even  make  Old  Age  amiable,  by  rendering  it  lively, 
chearful,  and  good-humour'd.  However  'tis  of  little  use  in  the  Feats  of 
Love,  as  a  great  prince  once  found,  who  hearing  of  its  invigorating 
Quality,  sent  as  far  as  China  for  some  of  it,  though  his  ladys  could  not 
boast  of  any  Advantage  thereby.^^ 

We  gave  the  Indian  the  Skins  of  all  the  Deer  that  he  Shot  himself, 
and  the  Men  the  Skins  of  what  they  Kill'd,  And  every  Evening  after  the 
Fires  were  made,  they  stretcht  them  very  tight  upon  Sticks,  and  dry'd  them. 
This,  by  a  Nocturnal  Fire,  appear'd  at  first  a  very  odd  Spectacle,  every 
thing  being  dark  and  gloomy  round  about.  After  they  are  Dry'd  in  this 
manner  they  may  be  folded  up  without  Damage,  till  they  come  to  be 
dress'd  according  to  Art. 

The  Indians  dress  them  with  Deer's  Brains,  and  so  do  the  English  here 
by  their  example.  For  Expedition's  Sake  they  often  Stretch  their  Skins 
over  Smoak  in  order  to  dry  them,  which  makes  them  smell  so  disagreeably 
that  a  Rat  must  have  a  good  Stomach  to  gnaw  them  in  that  condition; 
nay,  'tis  said,  while  that  Perfume  continues  in  a  Pair  of  Leather  Breeches, 
the  Person  who  wears  them  will  be  in  no  Danger  of  that  Vallainous  little 
insect  the  French  call  Morpion.  And  now  I  am  upon  the  subject  of  In- 
sects, it  may  not  be  improper  to  mention  some  few  Remedies  against  those 
that  are  most  Vexatious  in  this  Climate.  There  are  two  Sorts  without 
Doors,  that  are  great  Nuisances,  the  Tikes,  and  the  Horse  Flies.  The 
Tikes  are  either  Deer-tikes,  or  those  that  annoy  the  Cattle.  The  first  kind 
are  long,  and  take  a  very  Strong  Gripe,  being  most  in  remote  Woods,  above 
the   Inhabitants. 

The  other  are  round,  and  more  generally  insinuate  themselves  into  the 
Flesh,  being  in  all  places  where  Cattle  are  frequent.  Both  these  Sorts 
are  apt  to  be  troublesome  during  the  Warm  Season,  but  have  such  an 
aversion  to  Penny  Royal,  that  they  will  attack  no  Part  that  is  rubb'd  with 
the  Juice  of  that  fragrant  Vegetable.  And  a  Strong  Decoction  of  this  is 
likewise  the  most  effectual  Remedy  against  Seed-tikes,  which  bury  them- 
selves in  your  Legs,  when  they  are  so  small  you  can  hardly  discern  them 
without  a  MICROSCOPE. 

The  Horse  Flies  are  not  only  a  great  Grievance  to  Horses,  but  likewise 
to  those  that  ride  them.  These  little  Vixons  confine  themselves  chiefly 
to  the  Woods,  and  are  most  in  moist  Places.  Tho'  this  Insect  be  no  bigger 
than  an  Ordinary  Fly,  it  bites  very  Smartly,  darting  its  little  Proboscis  into 
the  Skin  the  instant  it  lights  upon  it.    These  are  offensive  only  in  the  hot 


"  Ginseng  has  in  reality  no  medicinal  properties  and  Byrd's  information  represents 
popular  opinion  only. 


November]  The  Secret  History 


[Continued  on  page  277] 


275 


276  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [November 

months,  and  in  the  Day  time,  when  they  are  a  great  Nuisance  to  Travel- 
lers; insomuch  that  it  is  no  Wonder  they  were  formerly  employed 
foi  one  of  the  Plagues  of  Egypt.  But  Dittany,^^  which  is  to  be  had  in  the 
Woods  all  the  while  those  Insects  remain  in  Vigor,  is  a  Sure  Defense 
against  them.  For  this  purpose,  if  you  stick  a  Bunch  of  it  on  the  Head- 
Stall  of  your  Bridle,  they  will  be  sure  to  keep  a  respectful  Distance. 

Thus,  in  what  part  of  the  Woods  soever  any  thing  mischievous  or 
troublesome  is  found,  kind  Providence  is  sure  to  provide  a  Remedy.  And 
'tis  probably  one  great  Reason  why  God  was  pleas'd  to  create  these,  and 
many  other  Vexatious  Animals,  that  Men  sho'd  exercise  their  Wits  and 
Industry,  to  guard  themselves  against  them. 

Bears'  Oyl  is  used  by  the  Indians  as  a  General  Defence,  against  every 
Species  of  Vermin.  Among  the  rest,  they  say  it  keeps  both  Bugs  and 
Musquetas  from  assaulting  their  Persons,  which  wou'd  otherwise  devour 
Such  uncleanly  People.  Yet  Bears'  Grease  has  no  strong  Smell,  as  that 
Plant  had  which  the  Egyptians  formerly  us'd  against  musquetas,  resem- 
bling our  palma  Christi,  the  Juice  of  which  smelled  so  disagreeably,  that 
the  Remedy  was  worse  than  the  Disease. 

Against  musquetas,  in  Egypt,  the  Richer  Sort  us'd  to  build  lofty  Towers, 
with  Bed-chambers  in  the  Tops  of  them,  that  they  might  rest  undisturbed. 
'Tis  certain  that  these  Insects  are  no  High  Fliers,  because  their  Wings  are 
weak  and  their  Bodies  so  light,  that  if  they  mount  never  so  little,  the  wind 
blows  them  quite  away  from  their  Course,  and  they  become  an  easy  prey 
to  the  Martins,  East  India  Bats,  and  other  Birds  that  fly  about  in  continual 
Quest  of  them. 


8.  As  we  had  twice  more  to  cross  the  Dan  over  two  fords,  that  lay 
no  more  than  7  miles  from  each  other,  we  judg'd  the  Distance  wou'd  not 
be  much  greater  to  go  round  the  Bent  of  it.  Accordingly  we  sent  the 
Indian  and  two  white  Men  that  way,  who  came  up  with  us  in  the  Evening, 
after  fetching  a  compass  of  about  12  Miles. 

They  told  us  that,  about  a  mile  from  our  last  Camp,  they  passed  a  creek 
fortify 'd  with  Steep  Cliffs,  which  therefore  gain'd  the  name  of  Cliff  Creek. 
Near  3  miles  beyond  that  they  forded  a  Second  Creek,  on  the  Margin  of 
which  grew  abundance  of  Tall  canes  and  this  was  call'd  Hix's  creek, 
from  one  of  the  Discoverers.  Between  these  two  creeks  lies  a  level  of 
exceeding  rich  Land,  full  of  large  Trees,  and  cover'd  with  black  Mould, 
as  fruitful,  if  we  believe  them,  as  that  which  is  yearly  overflow'd  by  the 
Nile. 

We  who  marched  the  nearest  way  upon  the  Line  found  the  Ground 
rising  and  falling  between  the  two  Fords  of  the  Dan,  which  almost  broke 


''Common  name  for  labiate  plants,  as  the  Dectanus  Albus  of  England  and  the 
Cunila   Mariana   of   America. 


November]  The  Secret  History  277 


8.  The  Pioneers  took  their  Departure  about  9,  and  we  sat  out 
upon  their  Track  at  10,  &  found  the  Ground  rising  &  falling  aU  the 
way  between  the  2  Fords  of  the  River.  The  first  of  these  we  past 
at  first  setting  out.  But  Robin  Hix  &  the  Indian  undertook  to  go 
round  the  Bent  of  the  River,  without  crossing  it  all.  This  they 
perform'd,  making  the  Distance  no  more  than  12  Miles.  About  a 
Mile  from  our  Camp,  they  met  with  a  Creek  whose  Banks  were 
fortify'd  with  high  Cliffs,  which  gain'd  it  the  Name  of  CliflF- 
Creek.  Near  3  Miles  beyond  that  they  forded  over  another  Creek, 
on  whose  margin  grew  plenty  of  Canes.  And  this  was  call'd  Hixe's 
Creek  from  the  Name  of  the  Discoverer.  Between  these  2  Creeks 
lies  a  Levil  of  exceeding  good  Land,  full  of  large  Trees,  and  a 
black  Mold.  We  that  march't  upon  the  Line  past  over  Cane- 
Creek  something  more  than  4  Miles  from  the  Camp,  &  3  Miles 
beyond  that  we  forded  the  Dan  for  the  last  time,  passing  thro* 


278  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [November 

our  own  Wind,  and  the  Hearts  of  our  Jaded  Palfreys.  When  we  had  passed 
the  last  Ford,  it  was  a  Sensible  Joy  to  find  ourselves  Safe  over  all  the 
Waters  that  might  cut  off  our  Retreat.  And  we  had  the  greater  Reason 
to  be  Thankful!,  because  so  late  in  the  Year  it  was  very  unusual  to  find 
the  rivers  so  f  ordable. 

We  catcht  a  large  Tarapin  in  the  River,  which  is  one  kind  of  Turtle. 
The  flesh  of  it  is  wholesome,  and  good  for  Consumptive  People.  It  lays  a 
great  Number  of  Eggs,  not  larger  but  rounder  than  those  of  Pigeons. 
These  are  Soft,  but  withal  so  tough  that  'tis  difficult  to  break  them,  yet 
are  very  Sweet  and  invigorating,  so  that  some  Wives  recommend  them 
earnestly  to  their  Husbands. 

One  of  the  Men,  by  an  Overstrain,  had  unhappily  got  a  Running  of  the 
Reins,  for  which  I  gave  him  every  Morning  a  little  Sweet  Gumm  dissolv'd 
in  Water,  with  good  success.  This  gumm  distils  from  a  large  Tree,  call'd 
the  Sweet-Gum  Tree,  very  Common  in  Virginia,  and  is  as  healing  in  its 
Virtue  as  Balm  of  Gilead,  or  the  Balsams  of  Tolu  and  of  Peru.  It  is 
likewise  a  most  Agreeable  parfume,  very  little  inferior  to  Ambergris. 

And  now  I  have  mention'd  Ambergris,  I  hope  it  will  not  be  thought  an 
unprofitable  digression,  to  give  a  faithful  Account  how  it  is  produced,  in 
Order  to  reconcile  the  various  Opinions  concerning  it.  It  is  now  certainly 
found  to  be  the  Dung  of  the  Sper  Maceti  Whale,  which  is  at  first  very 
black  and  unsavoury.  But  after  having  been  washt  for  some  Months  in  the 
Sea,  and  blanch'd  in  the  Sun,  it  comes  at  length  to  be  of  a  Gray  colour, 
and  from  a  most  offensive  Smell,  contracts  the  finest  fragrancy  in  the 
World. 

Besides  the  Fragrancy  of  this  Animal  Substance,  'tis  a  very  rich  and  in- 
nocent Cordial,  which  raises  the  spirits  without  Stupifying  them  afterwards, 
like  Opium,  or  intoxicating  them  like  Wine.  The  Animal  Spirits  are 
amazingly  refreshed  by  this  Cordial,  without  the  Danger  of  any  ill  conse- 
quence, and  if  Husbands  were  now  and  then  to  dissolve  a  little  of  it  in  their 
Broth,  their  Consorts  might  be  the  better  for  it,  as  well  as  themselves. 
In  the  Bahama  Islands  (where  a  great  Quantity  is  found,  by  reason  the 
Sperma  Ceti  Whales  resort  thither  continually,)  it  is  us'd  as  an  Antidote 
against  the  Venomous  Fish  which  abound  thereabouts,  wherewith  the 
People  are  apt  to  Poison  themselves. 

We  are  not  only  oblig'd  to  that  Whale  for  this  rich  parfume,  but  also 
for  the  Sper  Maceti  itself,  which  is  the  Fat  of  that  Fish's  Head  boil'd 
and  purg'd  from  all  its  impuritys.  What  remains  is  of  a  balsamick  and 
detersive  Quality,  very  friendly  to  the  Lungs,  and  usefuU  in  many  other 
Cases. 

The  Indian  had  kill'd  a  fat  Doe  in  the  compass  he  took  round  the  Elbow 
of  the  River,  but  was  content  to  Prime  it  only,  by  reason  it  was  too  far 
off  to  lug  the  whole  Carcass  upon  his  Back.  This,  and  a  Brace  of  Wild 
Turkeys  which  our  Men  had  Shot,  made  up  all  our  Bill  of  Fare  this 


November]  The  Secret  History  279 

a  Forrest  of  Canes  before  we  got  at  it.  It  was  no  small  Joy  to 
us  to  find  ourselves  safe  over  all  the  Waters  that  might  retard  our 
Journey  home.  Our  Distance  upon  the  Line  was  7  Miles,  &  where 
we  encampt  afforded  good  Forrage  for  the  Horses,  which  we  had 
favour'd  by  walking  the  greater  part  of  the  way.  The  Indian 
brought  us  the  primeings  of  a  Fat  Doe,  which  he  had  kill'd  too  far 
off  for  him  to  carry  the  whole.  This  &  2  Turkeys  that  our  Men 
shot,  made  up  our  Bill  of  Fare  this  Evening. 


280  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [November 

Evening,  but  could  only  afford  a  Philosophical  Meal  to  so  many  craving 
Stomachs. 

The  Horses  were  now  so  lean  that  any  thing  would  gall  those  that 
carry 'd  the  least  Burthen;  no  Wonder  then  if  Several  of  them  had  sore 
Backs,  especially  now  the  Pads  of  the  Saddles  and  Packs  were  press'd 
flat  with  long  and  constant  Use.  This  would  have  been  another  Misfortune, 
had  we  not  been  provided  with  an  easy  Remedy  for  it. 

One  of  the  Commissioners,  believing  that  Such  Accidents  might  happen 
in  a  far  Journey,  had  furnisht  himself  with  Plasters  of  Strong  Glue  spread 
pretty  thick.  We  laid  on  these,  after  making  them  running  hot,  which, 
Sticking  fast,  never  fell  off  till  the  Sore  was  perfectly  heal'd.  In  the  mean 
time  it  defended  the  part  so  well,  that  the  Saddle  might  bear  upon  it 
without  Danger  of  further  Injury. 


9.  We  reckon'd  ourselves  now  pretty  well  out  of  the  Latitude  of  Bears, 
to  the  great  Grief  of  most  of  the  company.  There  was  Still  Mast  enough 
left  in  the  Woods  to  keep  the  Bears  from  drawing  so  near  to  the  Inhabi- 
tants. They  like  not  the  neighbourhood  of  Merciless  Man,  till  Famine 
compels  them  to  it.  They  are  all  Black  in  this  part  of  the  World,  and  so 
is  their  Dung,  but  it  will  make  Linnen  white,  being  tolerably  good  Soap, 
without  any  Preparation  but  only  drying. 

These  Bears  are  of  a  Moderate  Size,  whereas  within  the  Polar  Circles 
they  are  white,  and  much  larger.  Those  of  the  Southern  Parts  of  Muscovy 
are  of  a  Russet  Colour,  but  among  the  SAMOEIDS,  as  well  as  in 
GREENLAND  and  NOVA  ZEMBLA,  they  are  as  white  as  the  snow  they 
converse  with,  and  by  some  Accounts  are  as  large  as  a  Moderate  Ox. 

The  Excessive  Cold  of  that  Climate  sets  their  Appetites  so  Sharp,  that 
they  will  Attack  a  Man  without  Ceremony,  and  even  climb  up  a  Ship's 
Side  to  come  at  him.  They  range  about  and  are  very  Mischievous  all  the 
time  the  Sun  is  above  the  Horizon,  which  is  something  more  than  Five 
Months;  but  after  the  Sun  is  Set  for  the  rest  of  the  Year,  they  retire  into 
Holes,  or  bury  themselves  under  the  Snow,  and  Sleep  away  the  Dark 
Season  without  any  Sustenance  at  all.  'Tis  pitty  our  Beggars  and  Pick- 
pockets Cou'd  not  do  the  Same. 

Our  Journey  this  day  was  above  12  Miles,  and  more  than  half  the  way 
terribly  hamper 'd  with  Bushes.  We  tir'd  another  Horse,  which  we  were 
oblig'd  to  leave  two  miles  short  of  where  we  Encampt,  and  indeed  Several 
others  were  upon  the  Careen  almost  every  Step.  Now  we  wanted  one  of 
those  celebrated  Musicians  of  Antiquity,  who,  they  tell  us,  among  many 
other  Wonders  of  their  Art,  cou'd  play  an  air  which,  by  its  Animateing 
Briskness  wou'd  make  a  Jaded  Horse  caper  and  curvet  much  better  than 
any  Whip,  Spur,  or  even  than  Swearing.  Tho'  I  fear  our  poor  Beasts  were 
so  harast  that  it  wou'd  have  been  beyond  the  Skill  of  Orpheus  himself 
so  much  as  to  make  them  prick  up  their  ears. 


November]  The  Secret  History  281 


9.  D*"  Humdrum  got  up  so  early,  that  it  made  him  quite  peevish, 
especially  now  we  were  out  of  the  Latitude  of  Fat  Bear,  with 
which  he  us'd  to  keep  up  his  good  Humour.  It  was  necessary  to 
hurry  out  the  Pioneers  by  8  a  Clock  because  great  part  of  the 
Journey  was  overgrown  with  Bushes.  However  about  5  Miles 
of  this  Day's  work  were  very  open  and  toUerably  Level.  The  Dis- 
tance in  all  was  12  Miles  by  the  Line,  tho'  we  made  15  of  it  by 
picking  our  way.  Of  this  I  footed  it  at  least  8  Miles,  notwithstand- 
ing my  Servant  had  scorch't  my  Boots  by  holding  them  too  near 
the  Fire.  The  Length  of  our  march  harrass'd  the  Horses  much,  so 
that  Page  was  oblig'd  to  leave  his,  2  Miles  short  of  our  Journey's 
End,  and  several  others  had  much  adoe  to  drag  one  Leg  after 
another.  In  less  than  half  a  Mile  from  the  Dan  we  crost  Cocquade 
Creek,  so  call'd  from  our  beginning  there  to  wear  the  Turkey 
Beard  in  our  Hats  by  way  of  Cocquade.  This  we  made  one  of 
the  Badges  of  a  new  Order,  call'd  the  Order  of  Ma-ooty,  signify- 
ing in  the  Sapponi-Language,  a  Turkey's  Beard.  The  other  Badge 
is  a  Wild  Turkey  in  Gold,  with  the  Wings  expanded,  &  a  Collar 
round  its  Neck,  with  this  Motto  engraven  upon  it.  Vice  Cotumi- 
cum.  As  most  Orders  have  been  religious  in  their  Original,  so 
this  was  devis'd  in  grateful  remembrance  of  our  having  been  sup- 
ported in  the  Barren- Wilderness  so  many  weeks,  with  wild  Tur- 
keys instead  of  Quails.  From  thence  we  continu'd  our  march  to 
Buffalo-Creek,  on  which  we  encampt.  Here  our  Horses  made  bet- 
ter Chear  than  we,  for  the  Indian  kill'd  nothing  but  one  Turkey. 


282  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [November 

For  Proof  of  the  Marvellous  Power  of  Music  among  the  Ancients,  some 
Historians  say,  that  one  of  those  Skilful  Masters  took  upon  him  to  make 
the  great  Alexander  start  up  from  his  Seat,  and  handle  his  Javelin,  whether 
he  would  or  not,  by  the  force  of  a  sprightly  Tune,  which  he  knew  how 
to  play  to  Him.  The  King  ordered  the  man  to  bring  his  Instrument,  and 
then  fixing  himself  firmly  in  his  chair,  and  determining  not  to  Stir,  he 
bade  him  to  Strike  up  as  soon  as  he  pleas'd.  The  Musician  obey'd,  and 
presently  rous'd  the  Hero's  Spirits  with  such  Warlike  Notes,  that  he  was 
constrain'd,  in  Spite  of  all  his  Resolutions,  to  spring  up  and  fly  to  his 
Javelin  with  great  martial  Fury. 

We  can  the  easier  credit  these  Prophane  Stories  by  what  we  find 
recorded  in  the  Oracles  of  Truth,  where  we  are  told  the  Wonders  David 
performed  by  Sweetly  touching  his  Harp.  He  made  nothing  of  driving 
the  Evil  Spirit  out  of  Saul,  tho'  a  certain  rabbi  assures  us  he  could  not  do 
so  much  by  his  Wife,  MICHAL,  when  she  happen'd  to  be  in  her  Ayrs. 

The  greatest  Instance  we  have  of  the  Power  of  Modern  Music  is  that 
which  cures  those  who  in  Italy  are  bitten  by  the  little  Spider  called  the 
Tarantula.  The  whole  method  of  which  is  perform'd  in  the  following 
manner. 

In  Apulia  it  is  a  common  Misfortune  for  People  to  be  bitten  by  the 
Tarantula,  and  most  about  Taranto  and  Gallipoli.  This  is  a  gray  spider, 
not  very  large,  with  a  narrow  Streak  of  white  along  the  Back.  It  is  no 
wonder  there  are  many  of  these  Villanous  Insects,  because,  by  a  Ridiculous 
Superstition  'tis  accounted  great  Inhumanity  to  kill  them.  They  believe, 
it  seems,  that  if  the  Spider  come  to  a  Violent  Death,  all  those  who  had 
been  bitten  by  it  will  certainly  have  a  Return  of  their  Frenzy  every  Year 
as  long  as  they  live.  But  if  it  dye  a  Natural  Death,  the  Patient  will  have 
a  chance  to  recover  in  two  or  three  Years. 

The  Bite  of  the  tarantula  gives  no  more  pain  than  the  Bite  of  a  musqueta, 
and  makes  little  or  no  inflamation  on  the  Part,  especially  when  the  Dis- 
aster happens  in  April  or  May;  but,  its  Venom  encreasing  with  the  Heat 
of  the  Season,  has  more  fatal  Consequences  in  July  and  August.  The 
Persons  who  are  so  imhappy  as  to  be  bitten  in  those  Warm  Months,  fall 
down  on  the  Place  in  a  few  Minutes,  and  lye  senseless  for  a  considerable 
time,  and  when  they  come  to  themselves  feel  horrible  Pains,  are  very 
Sick  at  their  Stomachs,  and  in  a  Short  time  break  out  into  foul  Sores; 
but  those  who  are  bitten  in  the  Milder  Months  have  much  gentler  Symp- 
toms. They  are  longer  before  the  Distemper  Shows  itself,  and  then  they 
have  a  small  Disorder  in  their  Senses,  are  a  little  sick,  and  perhaps  have 
some  Moderate  Breaking-out. 

However,  in  both  cases,  the  Patient  keeps  upon  the  Bed,  not  caring 
to  stir,  till  he  is  rous'd  by  a  Tune,  proper  for  his  particular  case.  There- 
fore, as  soon  as  the  Symptoms  discover  themselves,  a  Tarantula  Doctor  is 
sent  for,  who,  after  viewing  carefully  the  condition  of  the  Person,  first 
tries  one  Tune  and  then  another,  imtil  he  is  so  fortunate  as  to  hit  the 


November]  The  Secret  History  283 

However  with  what  remain'd  of  our  former  good  Fortune,  this 
was  sufficient  to  keep  Famine  out  of  the  Camp. 


284  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [November 

Phrenetic  turn  of  the  Patient.  No  sooner  does  this  happen  but  he  begins 
to  Wag  a  finger,  then  a  Hand,  and  afterwards  a  Foot,  till  at  last  he  springs 
up  and  dances  Rotmd  the  Room,  with  a  Surprising  Agility,  rolling  his 
Eyes  and  looking  wild  the  whole  time.  This  dancing-Fit  lasts  commonly 
about  25  minutes,  by  which  time  he  will  be  all  in  a  Lather.  Then  he  sits 
down,  falls  a  laughing,  and  returns  to  his  Senses.  So  Plentiful  a 
Perspiration  discharges  to  much  of  the  Venon  as  will  keep  off  the  Return 
of  the  Distemper  for  a  whole  Year.  Then  it  will  Visit  Him  again,  and 
must  be  remov'd  in  the  Same  Merry  Manner.  But  three  dancing  Bouts 
will  do  the  Business,  unless,  peradventure,  the  Spider,  according  to  the 
Vulgar  Notion,  has  been  put  to  a  Violent  Death. ^® 

The  Tunes  Play'd  to  expel  this  Whimsical  Disorder,  are  of  the  Jigg-kind, 
and  exceeded  not  15  in  number.  The  Apulians  are  frequently  dancing 
off  the  Effects  of  this  Poison,  and  no  Remedy  is  more  commonly  apply'd 
to  any  other  Distemper  elsewhere,  than  those  Sprightly  Tunes  are  to  the 
Bite  of  the  Tarantula  in  that  part  of  Italy. 

It  is  remarkable  that  these  Spiders  have  a  greater  Spight  to  the  Natives 
of  the  Place  than  they  have  to  Strangers,  and  Women  are  oftener  bitten 
than  Men.  Tho'  there  may  be  a  Reason  for  the  last,  because  Women  are 
more  confin'd  to  the  House,  where  these  Spyders  keep,  and  their  coats  make 
them  liable  to  Attacks  unseen,  whereas  the  Men  can  more  easily  discover, 
and  brush  them  off  their  Legs.  Nevertheless,  both  Sexes  are  cur'd  the 
Same  way,  and  thereby  Show  the  Wonderful  Effects  of  Music. 

Considering  how  far  we  had  walkt,  and  consequently  how  hungry  we 
were,  we  found  but  Short  commons  when  we  came  to  our  Quarters.  One 
Brace  of  Turkeys  was  all  the  Game  we  cou'd  meet  with,  which  almost 
needed  a  Miracle  to  enable  them  to  Suffice  so  many  Voracious  Appetites. 
However,  they  just  made  a  Shift  to  keep  Famine,  and  consequently  Mutiny, 
out  of  the  Camp.  At  Night  we  lodg'd  upon  the  Banks  of  Buffalo  Creek, 
where  none  of  us  cou'd  complain  of  loss  of  Rest,  for  having  eaten  too 
heavy  and  Luxurious  a  Supper. 


10.  In  a  Dearth  of  Provisions  our  Chaplain  pronounc'd  it  lawful  to 
make  bold  with  the  Sabbath,  and  send  a  Party  out  a-Hunting.  They  fired 
the  Dry  Leaves  in  a  Ring  of  five  Miles'  circumference,  which,  burning 
inwards,  drove  all  the  Game  to  the  Centre,  where  they  were  easily  killed. 

It  is  really  a  pitiful  Sight  to  see  the  extreme  Distress  the  poor  deer  are 
in,  when  they  find  themselves  Surrounded  with  this  Circle  of  Fire;  they 
weep  and  Groan  like  a  Human  Creature,  yet  can't  move  and  compassion  of 
those  hard-hearted  People,   who  are  about  to  murder  them.     This   im- 


*^  Byrd  is  here  describing  Tarantism,  a  mania  supposedly  caused  by  the  bite  of 
the  tarantula,  which  originated  in  Italy  during  the  Middle  Ages  and  spread  to  other 
countries  of  Southern  Europe.  A  survival  in  modem  times  is  the  tarantilla,  either 
a  popular  dance  or  the  music  for  the  dance. 


November]  The  Secret  History  285 


10.  This  being  Sunday  we  observ'd  the  4*^  Commandment  only 
our  Hunters  went  out  to  provide  a  Dinner  for  the  rest  which  was 
matter  of  necessity.  They  fired  the  woods  in  a  Ring,  which  burn- 
ing Inwards  drove  the  Deer  to  the  Center,  where  they  were  easily 
kill'd.  This  Sport  is  call'd  Fir-hunting,  &  is  much  practiced  by 
the  Indians,  &  some  English  as  barbarous  as  Indians.  Three  Deer 
were  Slaughter'd  after  tliis  manner,  of  which  they  brought  one 
to  the  Camp,  and  we  content  only  to  prime  the  other  Two.  Be- 
sides these  Tho  Short  brought  in  a  Doe  which  made  us  live  in 
Luxury.  William  Pool  complain'd  that  tho'  his  Stomach  was  good, 


286  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [November 

merciful  Sport  is  called  Fire  Hunting,  and  is  much  practic'd  by  the 
Indians  and  Frontier  Inhabitants,  who  sometimes,  in  the  Eagerness  of  their 
Diversion,  are  Punish't  for  their  cruelty,  and  are  hurt  by  one  another  when 
they  Shoot  across  at  the  Deer  which  are  in  the  Middle. 

What  the  Indians  do  now  by  a  Circle  of  Fire,  the  ancient  Persians 
performed  formerly  by  a  circle  of  Men:  and  the  same  is  practis'd  at 
this  day  in  Germany  upon  extraordinary  Occasions,  when  any  of  the 
Princes  of  the  Empire  have  a  Mind  to  make  a  General  Hunt,  as  they  call 
it.  At  such  times  they  order  a  vast  Number  of  People  to  Surround  a 
whole  Territory.  Then  Marching  inwards  in  close  Order,  they  at  last 
force  all  the  Wild  Beasts  into  a  Narrow  Compass,  that  the  Prince  and  his 
Company  may  have  the  Diversion  of  Slaughtering  as  many  as  they  please 
with  their  own  hands. 

Our  Hunters  massacred  two  Brace  of  Deer  after  this  unfair  way,  of 
which  they  brought  us  one  Brace  whole,  and  only  the  Primings  of  the  rest. 
So  many  were  absent  on  this  Occasion,  that  we  who  remained  excus'd  the 
Chaplain  from  the  Trouble  of  spending  his  Spirits  by  Preaching  to  so 
thin  a  Congregation.  One  of  the  men,  who  had  been  an  old  Indian  Trader, 
brought  me  a  Stem  of  Silk  Grass,  which  was  about  as  big  as  my  little 
Finger.  But,  being  so  late  in  the  Year  that  the  Leaf  was  fallen  off,  I 
am  not  able  to  describe  the  Plant. 

The  Indians  use  it  in  all  their  little  Manufactures,  twisting  a  Thread  of 
it  that  is  prodigiously  Strong.  Of  this  they  make  their  Baskets  and  the 
Aprons  which  their  Women  wear  about  their  Middles,  for  Decency's 
Sake.  These  are  long  enough  to  wrap  quite  round  them  and  reach  down 
to  their  Knees,  with  a  Fringe  on  the  under  part  by  way  of  Ornament. 

They  put  on  this  modest  covering  with  so  much  art,  that  the  most  im- 
pertinent curiosity  can't  in  the  Negligentest  of  their  Motions  or  Postures 
make  the  least  discovery.  As  this  species  of  Silk  Grass  is  much  Stronger 
than  Hemp,  I  make  no  doubt  but  Sail  Cloth  and  Cordage  might  be  made 
of  it  with  considerable  Improvement. 


11.  We  had  all  been  so  refresht  by  our  day  of  rest,  that  we  decamp'd 
earlier  than  Ordinary,  and  passed  the  Several  Fords  of  Hico  River.  The 
Woods  were  thick  great  Part  of  this  Day's  Journey,  so  that  we  were  forced 
to  scuffle  hard  to  advance  7  miles,  being  equal  in  fatigue  to  double  that 
distance  of  Clear  and  Open  Grounds, 

We  took  up  our  Quarters  upon  Sugar-tree  Creek,  in  the  same  camp  we 
had  lain  in  when  we  came  up,  and  happen'd  to  be  entertained  at  Supper 
with  a  Rarity  we  had  never  had  the  fortune  to  meet  with  before,  during 
the  whole  Expedition. 

A  little  wide  of  this  creek,  one  of  the  men  had  the  Luck  to  meet  with 
a  Young  Buffalo  of  two  Years  Old.  It  was  a  Bull,  which,  notwithstanding 
he  was  no  older,  was  as  big  as  an  ordinary  Ox.    His  Legs  are  very  thick 


November]  The  Secret  History  287 

and  he  eat  a  great  deal,  yet  he  hardly  ever  went  to  Stool  without 
the  help  of  Physick.  This  made  him  very  full  and  uneasy,  giv- 
ing him  pains  both  in  his  Stomach  and  Bowels.  First  I  gave 
him  a  Dose  of  Anderson's  Pills,  which  afforded  him  very  little 
ease.  Then  I  prescribed  a  small  Dose  of  Ipocoaccanna  to  be  taken 
in  hot  Broth  well  season'd  with  Salt,  which  took  off  the  Emetick 
Quality  &  turn'd  it  downwards.  This  not  only  employ'd  him,  and 
gave  him  ease,  but  brought  him  to  be  very  regular  in  his  Evacua- 
tions, by  being  now  and  then  repeated.  Page  went  out  in  quest 
of  his  Horse  and  brought  him  to  the  Camp  pretty  well  recruited. 
The  absence  of  most  of  the  Men  diminish't  our  Congregation  so 
much,  that  we  who  remain'd  behind  were  contented  with  Prayers. 
I  read  a  great  deal,  and  then  wrote  a  letter  with  design  to  send 
an  Express  with  it  so  soon  as  we  got  amongst  the  Inhabitants. 


11.  By  the  favour  of  good  Weather,  and  the  impatience  of  being 
at  home,  we  decampt  early.  But  there  was  none  of  the  Company 
so  very  hasty  as  Orion.  He  cou'd  not  have  been  more  uneasy  even 
tho'  he  had  a  Mistress  at  Williamsburgh.  He  found  much  Fault 
with  my  scrupulous  observing  the  Sabbath.  I  reprov'd  him  for 
his  uneasiness,  letting  him  understand,  that  I  had  both  as  much 
Business,  and  as  much  Inclination  to  be  at  home  as  he  had,  but 
for  all  that  was  determin'd  to  make  no  more  hast  than  good  Speed. 
We  crost  Hico-ottomoni  Creek  twice  in  this  March,  and  travers't 
very  thick  and  very  uneven  woods  as  far  as  Sugar-Tree  Creek. 


288  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [November 

and  very  Short,  and  his  Hoofs  exceeding  broad.  His  Back  rose  into 
a  kind  of  Bunch  a  little  above  the  Shoulders,  which  I  believe  contributes 
not  a  little  to  that  creature's  enormous  Strength.  His  Body  is  vastly  deep 
from  the  shoulders  to  the  Brisket,  sometimes  6  feet  in  those  that  are  full 
grown.  The  portly  figure  of  this  Animal  is  disgrac'd  by  a  Shabby  little 
Tail,  not  above  12  Inches  long.  This  he  cocks  up  on  end  whenever  he's 
in  a  Passion,  and,  instead  of  lowing  or  bellowing,  grunts  with  no  better 
grace  than  a  Hog. 

The  Hair  growing  on  his  Head  and  Neck  is  long  and  Shagged,  and  so 
Soft  that  it  will  Spin  into  Thread  not  unlike  Mohair,  which  might  be 
wove  into  a  Sort  of  Camlet.  Some  People  have  Stockings  knit  of  it, 
that  would  have  serv'd  an  Israelite  during  his  forty  Years'  march  thro' 
the  Wilderness. 

Its  horns  are  short  and  Strong,  of  which  the  Indians  make  large  Spoons, 
which  they  say  will  Split  and  fall  to  Pieces  whenever  Poison  is  put  into 
them.  Its  Colour  is  a  dirty  Brown,  and  its  hide  so  thick  that  it  is  Scarce 
penetrable.  However,  it  makes  very  Spongy  Sole  Leather  by  the  ordinary 
method  of  Tanning,  tho'  this  fault  might  by  good  Contrivance  be  mended. 

As  thick  as  this  poor  Beast's  Hide  was,  a  Bullet  made  Shift  to  enter  it 
and  fetch  him  down.  It  was  found  all  alone,  tho'  Buffaloes  Seldom  are. 
They  usually  range  about  in  Herds,  like  other  cattle,  and  tho'  they  differ 
something  in  figure,  are  certainly  of  the  Same  Species.  There  are  two 
Reasons  for  this  Opinion:  the  Flesh  of  both  has  exactly  the  same  taste, 
and  the  mixed  Breed  betwixt  both,  they  say,  will  generate.  All  the  Dif- 
ference I  could  perceive  between  the  Flesh  of  Buffalo  and  Common  Beef 
was,  that  the  Flesh  of  the  first  was  much  Yellower  than  that  of  the  other, 
and  the  Lean  something  tougher. 

The  Men  were  so  delighted  with  this  new  dyet,  that  the  Gridiron  and 
Frying-Pan  had  no  more  rest  all  night,  than  a  poor  Husband  Subject  to 
Curtain  Lectures.  Buffaloes  may  be  easily  tamed  when  they  are  taken 
Young.  The  best  way  to  catch  them  is  to  carry  a  Milch  Mare  into  the 
Woods,  and  when  you  find  a  Cow  and  a  Calf,  to  kill  the  Cow,  and  then 
having  catch'd  the  Calf  to  Suckle  it  upon  the  Mare.  After  once  or  twice 
Sucking  Her,  it  will  follow  her  Home,  and  become  as  gentle  as  another 
calf. 

If  we  cou'd  get  into  a  breed  of  them,  they  might  be  made  very  usefull, 
not  only  for  the  Dairy,  by  giving  an  Ocean  of  Milk,  but  also  for  drawing 
vast  and  cumbersome  Weights  by  their  prodigious  Strength.  These,  with 
the  other  Advantages  I  mention'd  before,  wou'd  make  this  sort  of  Cattle 
more  profitable  to  the  owner,  than  any  other  we  are  acquainted  with, 
though  they  would  need  a  world  of  Provender. 


12.     Before  we  marcht  this  Morning,  every  man  took  care  to  pack  up 
some  Buffalo  Steaks  in  his  Wallet,  beside  what  he  crammed  into  his  Belly. 


November]  The  Secret  History  289 

This  was  no  more  than  7  Miles,  but  equal  in  fatigue  to  double  that 
distance  on  good  Ground.  Near  this  Creek  our  Men  kill'd  a  Young 
Buffalo  of  2  Years  Old,  that  was  as  big  as  a  large  Ox.  He  had 
short  Legs,  and  a  deep  Body  with  Shagged  Hair  on  his  Head  and 
Shoulders.  His  Horns  were  short,  and  very  Strong.  The  Hair 
on  the  Shoulders  is  soft  resembling  wool,  and  may  be  spun  into 
Thread.  The  Flesh  is  arrant  Beef,  all  the  difference  is  that  the 
Fat  of  it  enclines  more  to  be  Yellow.  The  Species  seems  to  be 
the  same,  because  a  Calf  produced  betwixt  Tame  Cattle  and  these 
will  propagate.  Our  People  were  so  well  pleas'd  with  Buffalo- 
Beef,  that  the  Grid-Iron  was  upon  the  Fire  all  Night.  In  this  Day's 
March  I  lost  one  of  the  Gold  Buttons  out  of  my  Sleeve,  which  I 
bore  more  patiently  because  that,  and  the  burning  of  my  Boots 
were  all  the  Damage  I  had  suffered. 


12.     We  cou'd  not  decamp  before  11,  the  People  being  so  much 
engaged  with  their  Beef;  I  found  it  always  a  Rule  that  the  greater 


290  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [November 

When  Provisions  were  Plenty,  we  always  found  it  Difficult  to  get  out 
early,  being  too  much  Embarrast  with  a  long-winded  Breakfast. 

However,  by  the  Strength  of  our  Beef,  we  made  a  shift  to  walk  about  12 
Miles,  crossing  Blewing  and  Tewaw-hommini  Creeks.  And  because  this 
last  Stream  receiv'd  its  Appelation  from  the  Disaster  of  a  Tuscarora 
Indian,  it  will  not  be  Straggling  much  out  of  the  way  to  say  something  of 
that  Particular  Nation. ^^ 

These  Indians  were  heretofore  very  numerous  and  powerful,  making, 
within  time  of  Memory,  at  least  a  Thousand  Fighting  Men.  Their  Habita- 
tion, before  the  War  with  Carolina,  was  on  the  North  Branch  of  Neuse 
River,  commonly  call'd  Connecta  Creek,  in  a  pleasant  and  fruitful  Country. 
But  now  the  few  that  are  left  of  that  Nation  live  on  the  North  Side  of 
MORATUCK,  which  is  all  that  Part  of  Roanok  below  the  great  Falls, 
towards  ALBEMARLE  Sound. 

Formerly  there  were  Seven  Towns  of  these  Savages,  lying  not  far  from 
each  other,  but  now  their  Number  is  greatly  reduc'd. 

The  Trade  they  have  had  the  Misfortune  to  drive  with  the  English  has 
furnisht  them  constantly  with  Rxma,  which  they  have  used  so  inmioderately, 
that,  what  with  the  Distempers,  and  what  with  the  Quarrels  it  begat  amongst 
them,  it  has  proved  a  double  Destruction. 

But  the  greatest  Consumption  of  these  savages  happen'd  by  the  war 
about  Twenty-Five  years  ago,  on  Account  of  some  Injustice  the  Inhabitants 
of  that  Province  had  done  them  about  their  Lands. 

It  was  on  that  Provocation  they  resented  their  wrongs  a  little  too  severely 
upon  Mr.  Lawson,  who,  under  Colour  of  being  Surveyor  gen'l,  had  en- 
croacht  too  much  upon  their  Territories,  at  which  they  were  so  enrag'd, 
that  they  waylaid  him,  and  cut  his  Throat  from  Ear  to  Ear,  but  at  the 
same  time  releas'd  the  Baron  de  GrafFenried,  whom  they  had  Seized  for 
Company,  because  it  appear'd  plainly  he  had  done  them  no  Wrong. 

This  Blow  was  followed  by  some  other  Bloody  Actions  on  the  Part 
of  the  Indians,  which  brought  on  the  War,  wherein  many  of  them  were 
but  (sic)  off,  and  many  were  oblig'd  to  flee  for  Refuge  to  the  Senecas, 
so  that  now  there  remain  so  few,  that  they  are  in  danger  of  being  (sic) 
quite  exterminated  by  the  Catawbas,  their  mortal  Enemies. 

These  Indians  have  a  very  odd  Tradition  amongst  them,  that  many  years 
ago,  their  Nation  was  grown  so  dishonest,  that  no  man  cou'd  keep  any 
Goods,  or  so  much  as  his  loving  Wife  to  himself.  That,  however,  their 
God,  being  unwilling  to  root  them  out  for  their  crimes,  did  them  the 
honour  to  send  a  Messenger  from  Heaven  to  instruct  them,  and  set  Them 
a  perfect  Example  of  Integrity  and  kind  Behavior  towards  one  another. 

But  this  holy  Person,  with  all  his  Eloquence  and  Sanctity  of  Life,  was 


®  These  Indians  belonged  to  the  Iroquoian  family,  not  to  the  Siouan.  After  the 
Tuscarora  War  of  1711  most  of  them  removed  North  and  joined  the  Five  Nations. 
In  the  early  part  of  the  Nineteenth  Century  the  remainder  of  the  tribe  also  removed 
to  New  York. 


November]  The  Secret  History  291 

our  Plenty,  the  later  we  were  in  fixing  out.  We  avoided  two  Miles 
of  very  uneven  Ground,  by  leaving  the  Line  on  our  Left,  and 
keeping  upon  the  Ridge.  Something  less  than  3  Miles  Distance 
from  the  Camp  we  past  our  Blewing  Creek,  and  5  Miles  beyond 
this,  over  that  of  Tewakominy.  Thence  we  traversed  a  very  large 
Level  of  rich  high  Land  near  2  Miles  in  breadth,  and  encampt  on 
a  Branch  3^/4  Miles  beyond  the  last  named  Creek,  so  that  our 
whole  distance  this  day  was  more  than  11  Miles.  Here  was  very 
Scanty  Fare  for  the  Horses,  who  cou'd  pick  only  here  and  there 
a  sprig  of  wild  Rosemary,  which  they  are  fond  of,  the  Mis- 
fortune was,  there  was  not  enough  of  it.  John  Ellis  kill'd  a  Bear 
in  Revenge  for  the  Fight  one  of  that  Species  had  lately  put  him 
into.  Nor  was  this  Revenge  sweeter  to  him  than  a  Griskin  of  it 
was  to  the  Doctor,  who  of  all  worldly  Food  conceives  this  to  be 
the  best.  Tho'  in  Truth  'tis  too  rich  for  a  Single  Man,  and  en- 
clines  the  Eater  of  it  strongly  to  the  Flesh.  Inasmuch  that  who- 
ever makes  a  Supper  of  it,  will  certainly  Dream  of  a  Woman, 
or  the  Devil,  or  both. 


292  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [November 

able  to  make  very  little  Reformation  amongst  them.  Some  few  Old  Men 
did  listen  a  little  to  his  Wholesome  Advice,  but  all  the  Young  fellows  were 
quite  incorrigible.  They  not  only  Neglected  his  Precepts,  but  derided 
and  Evil  Entreated  his  Person.  At  last,  taking  upon  Him  to  reprove  some 
Young  Rakes  of  the  Conechta  Clan  very  sharply  for  their  impiety,  they 
were  so  provok'd  at  the  Freedom  of  his  Rebukes,  that  they  tied  him  to  a 
Tree,  and  shot  him  with  Arrows  through  the  Heart.  But  their  God  took 
instant  Vengeance  on  all  who  had  a  hand  in  that  Monstrous  Act,  by 
Lightning  from  Heaven,  &  has  ever  since  visited  their  Nation  with  a  con- 
tinued Train  of  Calamities,  nor  will  he  ever  leave  off  punishing,  and 
wasting  their  People,  till  he  shall  have  blotted  every  living  Soul  of  them 
out  of  the  World. 

Our  Hunters  shot  nothing  this  whole  day  but  a  straggling  Bear,  which 
happen 'd  to  fall  by  the  Hand  of  the  very  Person  who  had  been  lately 
disarm'd  and  put  to  flight,  for  which  he  declar'd  War  against  the  whole 
Species. 


13.  We  pursued  our  Journey  with  all  Diligence,  and  forded  Ohimpa- 
mony  Creek  about  Noon,  and  from  thence  proceeded  to  Yatapsco,  which 
we  cou'd  not  cross  without  difficulty.  The  Beavers  had  dammed  up  the 
Water  much  higher  than  we  found  it  at  our  going  up,  so  that  we  were 
oblig'd  to  lay  a  Bridge  over  a  part  that  was  shallower  than  the  rest,  to 
facilitate  our  passage. 

Beavers  have  more  of  Instinct,  that  Half-Brother  of  Reason,  than  any 
other  Animal,  especially  in  matters  of  Self-Preservation.  In  their  Houses 
they  always  contrive  a  Sally-Port,  both  towards  the  Land  and  towards  the 
Water,  that  so  they  may  escape  by  One,  if  their  Retreat  shou'd  happen 
to  be  cut  off  at  the  other. 

They  perform  all  their  Works  in  the  Dead  of  Night,  to  avoid  Discovery, 
and  are  kept  diligently  to  it  by  the  Master  Beaver,  which  by  his  age  or 
strength  has  gain'd  to  himself  an  Authority  over  the  rest.  If  any  of  the 
Gang  happen  to  be  lazy,  or  will  not  exert  himself  to  the  utmost  in  felling 
of  Trees,  or  dragging  them  (to)  the  place  where  they  are  made  use  of, 
this  Superintendent  will  not  fail  to  chastise  him  with  the  Flat  of  the 
Tail,  wherewith  he  is  able  to  give  unmerciful  strokes. 

They  lie  Snug  in  their  Houses  all  day,  unless  some  unneighbourly  Miller 
chance  to  disturb  their  repose,  by  demolishing  their  Dams  for  supplying 
his  Mill  with  Water. 

It  is  rare  to  see  one  of  them,  and  the  Indians  for  that  Reason  have  hardly 
any  way  to  take  them,  but  by  laying  Snares  near  the  place  where  they  dam 
up  the  Water.  But  the  English  Hunters  have  found  out  a  more  effectual 
Method,  by  using  the  following  receipt.  Take  the  large  Pride  of  the 
Beaver,  Squeeze  all  the  Juice  out  of  it,  then  take  the  small  Pride,  and 


November]  The  Secret  History  293 


13.  This  Morning  I  wrote  a  Letter  to  the  Governor  intending 
to  dispatch  it  away  by  an  Express  from  the  outermost  Inhabitants. 
We  mounted  about  10,  and  after  proceeding  3  Miles  crost  a  large 
Branch,  and  2  Miles  farther  reach't  Uhimpamory  Creek.  Beyond 
that  3^  Miles,  we  came  to  Yapatsco,  or  Bever  Creek.  Here 
those  Industrious  Animals  had  damm'd  up  the  Water  in  such  a 
Manner,  that  we  cou'd  with  difficulty  Ford  over  it.  However  we 
all  got  happily  over,  and  continued  our  March  3  Miles  farther  to 
Massamony  Creek,  so  that  the  Day's  Journey  was  in  aU  11-^ 
Miles.  But  to  make  the  Horses  Some  amends,  we  encampt  in  the 
midst  of  good  Forage.  Both  Meanwell's  Horses  cou'd  hardly 
carry  their  Saddles,  nor  more  being  required  of  them,  nor  was  it 
much  better  with  many  others  in  the  Company.  On  our  way  we 
had  the  Fortune  to  kill  a  Deer,  and  a  Turkey,  sufficient  for  our 
Day's  Subsistance,  nor  need  any  one  Despair  of  his  Daily  Bread, 
whose  Faith  is  but  half  so  big  as  his  Stomach. 


294  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [November 

Squeeze  out  about  5  or  6  Drops.  Take  the  inside  of  Sassafras  Bark, 
Powder  it,  and  mix  it  with  the  Liquor,  and  place  this  Bait  conveniently 
for  your  Steel  Trap. 

The  Story  of  their  biting  off  their  Testicles  to  compound  for  their  Lives, 
when  they  are  pursued,  is  a  story  taken  upon  trust  by  Pliny,  like  many 
others.-'^  Nor  is  it  the  Beaver's  Testicles  that  carry  the  Perfume,  but  they 
have  a  Pair  of  Glands  just  within  the  Fundament,  as  Sweet  as  Musk,  that 
perfume  their  Dung,  and  communicate  a  strong  scent  to  their  Testicles, 
by  being  plac'd  near  them. 

It  is  true  Several  creatures  have  Strange  instincts  for  their  Preservation, 
as  the  Egyptian  Frog,  we  are  told  by  Elian,  will  carry  a  whole  Joint  of  a 
Reed  across  its  Mouth,  that  it  may  not  be  swallow'd  by  the  ibis.^^ 

And  this  Long-neckt  fowl  will  give  itself  a  clyster  with  its  Beak,  when- 
ever it  finds  itself  too  costive  or  feverish.  The  Dogs  of  that  Country  lap 
the  Water  of  the  Nile  in  a  full  Trot,  that  they  may  not  be  Snapped  by  the 
Crocodiles.  Both  Beavers  and  Wolves,  we  know,  when  one  of  their  Legs 
is  caught  in  a  Steel  Trap,  will  bite  it  off,  and  they  may  escape  with  the 
rest.  The  Flesh  of  the  Beavers  is  tough  and  dry,  all  but  the  Tail,  which 
like  the  Parrot's  Tongue,  was  one  of  the  farfetched  Rarities  with  which 
Heliogabalus  used  to  furnish  his  Luxurious  Table. 

The  Fur  of  these  creatures  is  very  valuable,  especially  in  the  more 
Northern  Countries,  where  it  is  longer  and  finer.  This  the  Dutch  have 
lately  contriv'd  to  mix  with  their  Wool,  and  Weave  into  a  Sort  of 
Drugget,  that  is  not  only  warm,  but  wonderfully  light  and  Soft.  They 
also  make  Gloves  and  Stockings  of  it,  that  keep  out  the  Cold  almost 
as  well  as  the  Fur  itself,  and  do  not  look  quite  so  Savage. 

There  is  a  deal  of  Rich  low  Ground  on  Yapatsco  Creek,  but  I  believe 
liable  to  be  overflow'd  in  a  fresh.  However,  it  might  be  proper  enough 
for  Rice,  which  receives  but  little  Injury  from  Water. 

We  encampt  on  the  Banks  of  Massamony  Creek,  after  a  Journey  of 
more  than  11  Miles.  By  the  way  we  shot  a  fat  Doe  and  a  wild  Turkey, 
which  fed  us  all  plentifully.  And  we  have  reason  to  say,  by  our  own  happy 
Experience,  that  no  man  need  to  despair  of  his  daily  Bread  in  the  Woods, 
whose  faith  is  but  half  so  large  as  his  Stomach. 


14.  Being  at  length  happily  arriv'd  within  20  Miles  of  the  uppermost 
Inhabitants,  we  despacht  two  Men  who  had  the  ablest  Horses,  to  go  before, 
and  get  a  Beef  kill'd  and  some  Bread  bak'd  to  refresh  their  Fellow 
Travellers,  upon  their   arrival.     They   had   likewise   Orders  to   hire   an 


"o  The  Natural  History,  Book  XXII,  Ch.  13. 

"^Apparently  a  reference  to  Claudius  Albanus,  Varia  Historia,  I,  3,  in  which  the 
story  is  told  of  the  water  snake  of  the  Nile,  not  the  Ibis.  This  work  was  translated 
from  Greek  into  Latin  in  the  sixteenth  century,  and  into  English  in  1576  and  1665. 


November]  The  Secret  History  295 


14.  About  8  in  the  Morning  I  dispatch't  2  Men  to  Miles  Riley s, 
and  by  the  way  to  hire  John  Davis  to  carry  my  Letters  to  Maj"". 
Mumfords  with  all  Expedition.  I  also  gave  them  Orders  to  get 
a  Beef  kill'd,  and  likewise  some  Meal  Ground,  to  refresh  the  Men 
on  their  Arrival  amongst  the  Inhabitants.  We  decampt  after  them 
at  11  a  Clock,  and  at  the  End  of  7%  Miles  crost  Nutbush  Creek. 
From  thence  we  proceeded  about  4  Miles  farther  to  a  beautiful 


296  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [November 

express  to  carry  a  Letter  to  the  Governor,  giving  an  Account  that  we 
were  all  returned  in  Safety.  This  was  the  more  necessary,  because  we 
had  been  so  long  absent  that  many  now  began  to  fear  we  were,  by  this 
time,  Scalpt  and  barbecu'd  by  the  Indians. 

We  decampt  with  the  rest  of  the  People  about  ten  a  clock,  and  marched 
near  12  Miles.  In  our  way  we  Crost  Nutbush  Creek,  and  4  Miles  farther 
we  came  upon  a  beautiful  Branch  of  Great  Creek,  where  we  took  up  our 
Quarters.  The  Tent  was  pitched  upon  an  Eminence,  which  overlookt  a 
wide  Piece  of  low  Grounds,  cover'd  with  Reeds  and  watered  by  a  Crystal 
Stream,  gliding  thro'  the  Middle  of  it.  On  the  Other  Side  of  this  delightful 
Valley,  which  was  about  half  a  Mile  wide,  rose  a  Hill  that  terminated 
the  View,  and  in  the  figure  of  a  Semicircle  closed  in  upon  the  opposite 
Side  of  the  Valley.  This  had  a  most  agreeable  Effect  upon  the  Eye,  and 
wanted  nothing  but  Cattle  grazing  in  the  Meadow,  and  Sheep  and  Goats 
feeding  on  the  Hill,  to  make  it  a  Compleat  Rural  LANDSCAPE. 

The  Indian  kill'd  a  Fawn,  which,  being  upon  its  growth,  was  not  fat, 
but  made  some  amends  by  being  tender.  He  also  Shot  an  Otter,  but  our 
People  were  now  better  fed  than  to  eat  such  Coarse  Food.  The  truth  of 
it  is,  the  Flesh  of  this  Creature  has  a  rank  Fishy  taste,  and  for  that  reason 
might  be  a  proper  Regale  for  the  Samoeids,  who  drink  the  CZAR  of 
MUSCOVY'S  health  and  toast  their  Mistresses  in  a  Bumper  of  Train  Oil.*^- 

The  Carthusians,  to  save  their  Vow  of  eating  no  Flesh,  pronounce  this 
Amphibious  Animal  to  be  a  Fish,  and  feed  upon  it  as  such  without 
Wounding  their  Consciences. 

The  Skin  of  the  Otter  is  very  Soft,  and  the  Swedes  make  Caps  and 
Socks  of  it,  not  only  for  Warmth,  but  also  because  they  fancy  it  Strengthens 
the  Nerves,  and  is  good  against  all  Distempers  of  the  Brain. 

The  otter  is  a  great  Devourer  of  Fish,  which  are  its  Natural  Food,  and 
whenever  it  betakes  itself  to  a  Vegetable  Dyet,  it  is  as  some  high-Spirited 
Wives  obey  their  Husbands,  by  pure  Necessity.  They  dive  after  their 
Prey,  tho'  they  can't  continue  long  under  Water,  but  thrust  their  Noses 
up  to  the  Surface  now  and  then  for  Breath.  They  are  great  Enemies  to 
Weirs  Set  up  in  the  Rivers  to  catch  Fish,  devouring  or  biting  to  pieces 
all  they  find  there.  Nor  is  it  either  easy  to  fright  them  from  this  kind  of 
Robbery,  or  to  destroy  them.  The  best  way  I  cou'd  ever  find  was  to  float 
an  Old  Wheel  just  by  the  Weir,  and  so  soon  as  the  Otter  has  taken  a 
large  Fish,  he  will  get  upon  the  Wheel  to  eat  it  more  at  his  ease,  which 
may  give  you  an  Opportunity  of  firing  upon  him  from  the  Shoar. 

One  of  our  People  Shot  a  large  Gray  Squirrel  with  a  very  Bushy  Tail, 
a  singular  use  of  which  our  merry  Indian  discover'd  to  us.  He  said  when- 
ever this  little  Animal  has  occasion  to  cross  a  run  of  Water,  he  launches 
a  Chip  or  Piece  of  Bark  into  the  Water,  on  which  he  embarks,  and,  hold- 
ing up  his  Tail  to  the  wind,  he  Sails  over  very  Safely.     If  This  be  true, 


^^Jhe    Samogedes,   obscure    people   of   the   Northern    Coast    of   Asia    and    Eastern 
Europe. 


November]  The  Secret  History  297 

Branch  of  great  Creek,  where  we  arriv'd  in  good  order  about  4  a 
Clock  in  the  Afternoon.  We  encampt  on  a  rising  Ground  that 
overlookt  a  large  extent  of  Green  Reeds,  with  a  Crystal  Stream 
serpenting  thro'  the  middle  of  them.  The  Indian  kill'd  a  Fawn,  & 
one  of  the  other  Men  a  Raccoon,  the  Flesh  of  which  is  like  Pork, 
but  truly  we  were  better  Fed  than  to  eat  it.  The  Clouds  gather'd, 
and  threaten'd  Rain,  but  a  brisk  N.  Wester  swept  them  all  away 
before  Morning. 


298  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [November 

it  is  probable  men  learnt  at  first  the  use  of  Sails  from  these  ingenious 
little  Animals,  as  the  Hottentots  learnt  the  Physical  use  of  most  of  their 
Plants  from  the  Baboons. 


15.  About  three  Miles  from  our  Camp  we  passed  GREAT  CREEK,  and 
then,  after  traversing  very  barren  grounds  for  5  Miles  together,  we  crost 
the  Tradeing  Path,  and  soon  after  had  the  pleasure  of  reaching  the  up- 
permost Inhabitant.  This  was  a  Plantation  belonging  to  colonel  Mumford, 
where  our  Men  almost  burst  themselves  with  Potatoes  and  Milk.  Yet  as 
great  a  Curiosity  as  a  House  was  to  us  Foresters,  still  we  chose  to  lie  in  the 
Tent,  as  being  much  the  cleaner  and  sweeter  Lodging. 

The  Tradeing  Path  above-mention'd  receives  its  Name  from  being 
the  Route  the  Traders  take  with  their  Caravans,  when  they  go  to  traffick 
with  the  Catawbas  and  other  Southern  Indians.  The  Catawbas  live  about 
250  Miles  beyond  Roanoke  River,  and  yet  our  Traders  find  their  Account 
in  transporting  Goods  from  Virginia  to  trade  with  them  at  their  own 
Towne. 

The  Common  Method  of  carrying  on  this  Indian  Commerce  is  as  follows : 
Gentlemen  send  for  Goods  proper  for  such  a  Trade  from  England,  and 
then  either  Venture  them  out  at  their  own  Risk  to  the  Indian  Towns,  or 
else  credit  some  Traders  with  them  of  Substance  and  Reputation,  to  be 
paid  in  Skins  at  a  certain  Price  agreed  betwixt  them. 

The  Goods  for  the  Indian  Trade  consist  chiefly  in  Guns,  Powder,  Shot, 
Hatchets,  (which  the  Indians  call  Tomahawks,)  Kettles,  red  &  blue  Planes, 
Dufiields,  Stroudwater  blankets,  and  some  Cutlary  Wares,  Brass  Rings  and 
other  Trinkets. 

These  Wares  are  made  up  into  Packs  and  Carry'd  upon  Horses,  each 
Load  being  from  150  to  200  Pounds,  with  which  they  are  able  to  travel 
about  20  Miles  a  day,  if  Forage  happen  to  be  plentiful. 

Formerly  a  Hundred  Horses  have  been  employ'd  in  one  of  these  Indian 
Caravans,  under  the  Conduct  of  15  or  16  Persons  only,  but  now  the 
Trade  is  much  impair'd,  insomuch  that  they  seldom  go  with  half  that 
Number. 

The  Course  from  Roanoke  to  the  Catawbas  is  laid  down  nearest  South- 
west, and  lies  thro'  a  fine  Country,  that  is  Water'd  by  Several  beautiful 
Rivers. 

Those  of  the  greatest  Note  are,  first.  Tar  river,  which  is  the  upper  Part 
of  Pamptico,  Flat  river,  Little  river  and  Eno  river,  all  three  Branches  of 
Neuse. 

Between  Eno  and  Saxapahaw  rivers  are  the  Haw  old  fields,  which  have 
the  Reputation  of  containing  the  most  fertile  high  land  in  this  part  of  the 
World,  lying  in  a  Body  of  about  50,000  acres. 


November]  The  Secret  History  299 


15.  We  were  ready  to  march  about  10  a  Clock,  and  at  the  Dis- 
tance 6  miles  past  Great  Creek.  Then  after  traversing  very  barren 
Gromids  for  near  5  Miles,  we  crost  the  Trading  Path  used  by 
our  Traders,  when  they  carry  Goods  to  the  S.  W.  Indians.  In 
less  than  a  mile  from  thence  we  had  the  Pleasure  to  discover  a 
House,  tho'  a  very  poor  One,  the  Habitation  of  our  Friend  Nat 
on  Maj"".  Mumford's  Plantation.  As  agreeable  a  sight  as  a  House 
was,  we  chose  our  Tent  to  lie  in,  as  much  the  cleanlier  Lodging. 
However  we  vouchsafed  to  eat  in  the  House,  where  nothing  went 
down  so  sweetly  as  Potatoes  &  Milk.  In  order  for  that  a  whole 
Oven  full  of  Potatoes  were  provided  which  the  Men  devour'd  un- 
mercifully. Here  all  the  Company  but  myself  were  told  that  my 
little  Son  was  dead.  This  MelanchoUy  News  they  carefully  con- 
ceal'd  from  me  for  fear  of  giving  me  imeasiness.  Nothing  cou'd 
be  more  good  natur'd,  and  is  a  Proof  that  more  than  30  People 
may  keep  a  Secret.  And  what  makes  the  wonder  the  greater  is 
that  3  Women  were  privy  to  this  my  supposed  Misfortune. 

I  drew  out  the  Men  after  Dinner,  and  harrangued  them  on  the 
Subject  of  our  safe  return  in  the  Following  Terms. 

"Friends  and  Fellow-Travellors,  It  is  with  abundance  of  Pleas- 
ure, that  I  now  have  it  in  my  Power  to  congratulate  your  happy 
arrival  among  the  Inhabitants.  You  will  give  me  leave  to  put  you 
in  mind,  how  manifestly  Heaven  has  engaged  in  our  Preserva- 
tion. No  distress,  no  Disaster,  no  Sickness  of  any  consequence, 
has  befallen  any  One  of  us  in  so  long  and  so  dangerous  a  Jour- 
ney. We  have  subsisted  plentifully  on  the  bounty  of  Providence, 
and  been  day  by  day  supply'd  in  the  barren  Wilderness  with 
Food  convenient  for  us.  This  surely  is  an  Instance  of  Divine 
Goodness  never  to  be  forgotten,  and  that  it  may  stil  be  more  com- 
pleat,  I  heartily  wish,  that  the  same  Protection  may  have  been 
extended  to  our  Families,  during  our  Absence.  But  lest  amidst 
so  many  Blessings,  there  may  be  some  here  who  may  esteem  them- 
selves a  little  unfortunate  in  the  loss  of  their  Horses,  I  promise 


300  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [November 

This  Saxapahaw  is  the  upper  Part  of  Cape  Fair  River,  the  falls  of  which 
lye  many  Miles  below  the  Trading  Path. 

Some  Mountains  overlook  this  Rich  Spot  of  Land,  from  whence  all  the 
soil  washes  down  into  the  Plane,  and  is  the  cause  of  its  exceeding  Fertility. 
Not  far  from  thence  the  Path  crosses  ARAMANCHY  River,  a  branch  of 
Saxapahaw,  and  about  40  Miles  beyond  that,  Deep  River,  which  is  the 
N  Branch  of  Pedee.  Then  40  miles  beyond  that,  the  Path  intersects  the 
Yadkin,  which  is  there  half  a  Mile  over,  and  is  supposed  to  be  the  South 
Branch  of  the  same  Pedee. 

The  Soil  is  exceedingly  rich  on  both  sides  the  Yadkin,  abounding  in 
rank  Grass  nad  prodigiously  large  Trees;  and  for  plenty  of  Fish,  Fowel 
and  Venison,  is  inferior  to  No  Part  of  the  Northern  Continent.  There  the 
Traders  commonly  lie  Still  for  some  days,  to  recruit  their  Horses'  Flesh 
as  well  as  to  recover  their  own  Spirits.  Six  Miles  furlher  is  Crane 
Creek,  so  nam'd  from  its  being  the  Rendezvous  of  great  Armies  of  Cranes, 
which  wage  a  more  cruel  War  at  this  day,  with  the  Frogs  and  the  Fish, 
than  they  us'd  to  do  with  the  Pigmies  in  the  Days  of  Homer. 

About  three-score  Miles  more  bring  you  to  the  first  Town  of  the 
Catawbas,  call'd  Nauvasa,  situated  on  the  banks  of  Santee  river.  Besides 
this  Town  there  are  five  Others  belonging  to  the  same  Nation,  lying  all 
on  the  same  Stream,  within  the  Distance  of  20  Miles. 

These  Indians  were  all  call'd  formerly  by  the  general  Name  of  the 
Usherees,^^  and  were  a  very  Numerous  and  Powerful  People.  But  the 
frequent  Slaughters  made  upon  them  by  the  Northern  Indians,  and,  what 
has  been  still  more  destructive  by  far,  the  Intemperance  and  Foul  Dis- 
tempers introduc'd  amongst  them  by  the  Carolina  Traders,  have  now 
reduc'd  their  Numbers  to  little  More  than  400  Fighting  Men,  besides 
Women  &  Children.  It  is  a  charming  Place  where  they  live,  the  Air  very 
Wholesome,  the  Soil  fertile,  and  the  Winters  ever  mild  and  Serene. 

In  Santee  river,  as  in  Several  others  of  Carolina,  a  Small  kind  of 
allegator  is  frequently  seen,  which  perfumes  the  water  with  a  Musky  Smell. 
They  Seldom  exceed  Eight  Feet  in  Length  in  these  parts,  whereas,  near 
the  Equinoctial,  they  come  up  to  twelve  or  Fourteen.  And  the  heat  of  the 
Climate  don't  only  make  them  bigger,  but  more  Fierce  and  Voracious. 
They  watch  the  Cattle  there  when  they  come  to  drink  and  Cool  themselves 
in  the  River;  and  because  they  are  not  able  to  drag  them  into  the  Deep 
Water,  they  make  up  by  Strategem  what  they  want  in  Force.  They 
Swallow  great  Stones,  the  Weight  of  which  being  added  to  their  Strength, 
enables  them  to  tug  a  Moderate  Cow  under  Water,  and  as  soon  as  they 
have  drown'd  her,  they  discharge  the  Stones  out  of  their  Maw  and  then 
feast  upon  the  Carcass.  However,  as  Fierce  and  Strong  as  these  Monsters 
are,  the  Indians  will  surprise  them  Napping  as  they  float  upon  the  Surface, 
get  astride  upon  their  Necks,  then  whip  a  short  piece  of  wood  like  a  Trunch- 


'^John  Lederer,  in  1670,  calls  them  Ushery.     {Discoveries,  Second  Expedition.) 
Europe.     Train  oil  is  whale  oil. 


November]  The  Secret  History  301 

"faithfully,  I  will  do  my  Endeavour  to  procure  satisfaction  for 
"them.  And  as  a  Proof  that  I  am  perfectly  satisfy'd  with  your 
"Service,  I  will  receive  your  pay,  and  cause  a  full  distribution 
"to  be  made  of  it,  as  soon  as  possible.  Lastly  as  well  to  gratify 
"your  Impatience  to  see  your  several  Families  as  to  cease  the 
"Expence  of  the  Government,  I  will  agree  to  your  discharge,  so 
"fast  as  we  shall  approach  the  nearest  distance  to  your  respective 
"Habitations." 


302  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [November 

eon  into  their  Jaws,  &  holding  the  Ends  with  their  two  hands,  hinder  them 
from  diving  by  keeping  their  mouths  open,  and  when  they  are  almost 
Spent,  they  will  make  to  the  shoar,  where  their  Riders  knock  them  on  the 
Head  and  Eat  them.  This  Amphibious  Animal  is  a  Smaller  kind  of 
Crocodile,  having  the  Same  Shape  exactly,  only  the  Crocodile  of  the  Nile 
is  twice  as  long,  being  when  full  grown  from  20  to  Thirty  Feet.  This 
Enormous  Length  is  the  more  to  be  wonder'd  at,  because  the  Crocodile  is 
hatcht  from  an  Egg  very  little  larger  than  that  of  a  Goose.  It  has  a 
long  Head,  which  it  can  open  very  wide,  with  very  Sharp  &  Strong  teeth. 
Their  Eyes  are  Small,  their  Legs  Short,  with  Claws  upon  their  Feet.  Their 
Tail  makes  half  the  Length  of  their  Body,  and  the  whole  is  guarded  with 
hard  impenetrable  Scales,  except  the  Belly,  which  is  much  Softer  and 
Smoother.  They  keep  much  upon  the  Land  in  the  day  time,  but  towards 
the  Evening  retire  into  the  Water  to  avoid  the  Cold  Dews  of  the  Night. 
They  run  pretty  fast  right  forward,  but  are  very  awkward  and  Slow  in 
turning  by  reason  of  their  unwieldy  Length.  It  is  an  Error  that  they  have 
no  Tongue,  without  which  they  cou'd  hardly  Swallow  their  Food;  but  in 
eating  they  move  the  upper  Jaw  only.  Contrary  to  all  other  Animals. 
The  way  of  catching  them  in  Egypt  is,  with  a  Strong  Hook  fixt  to  the 
End  of  a  chain,  and  baited  with  a  joynt  of  Pork,  which  they  are  very  fond 
of.  But  a  live  Hog  is  generally  tyed  near,  the  Cry  of  which  allures  them  to 
the  Hook.  This  Account  of  the  Crocodile  will  agree  in  most  particulars 
with  the  Alligator,  only  the  Bigness  of  the  last  cannot  entitle  it  to  the 
Name  of  "Leviathan,"  which  Job  gave  formerly  to  the  crocodile,  and  not 
to  the  Whale,  as  some  Interpreters  wou'd  make  us  believe. 

So  Soon  as  the  Catawba  Indians  are  inforra'd  of  the  Approach  of  the 
Virginia  Caravans,  they  send  a  Detachment  of  their  Warriors  to  bid  them 
Welcome,  and  escort  them  Safe  to  their  Town,  where  they  are  receiv'd 
with  great  Marks  of  Distinction.  And  their  Courtesys  to  the  VIRGINIA 
Traders,  I  dare  say,  are  very  Sincere,  because  they  sell  them  better  Goods 
and  better  Pennyworths  than  the  Traders  of  Carolina.  They  commonly 
reside  among  the  Indians  till  they  have  barter'd  their  Goods  away  for 
Skins,  with  which  they  load  their  Horses  and  come  back  by  the  Same  Path 
they  went. 

There  are  generally  some  Carolina  Traders  that  constantly  live  among 

the  Catawbas,  and  pretend  to  Exercise  a  dictatorial  Authority  over  them. 

These  petty  Rulers  don't  only  teach  the  honester  Savages  all   sorts   of 

Debauchery,  but  are  unfair  in  their  dealings,  and  use  them  with  all  kinds 

of  Oppression.    Nor  has  their  Behaviour  been  at  all  better  to  the  rest  of  the 

Indian  Nations,  among  whom  they  reside,  by  abusing  their  Women  and 

Evil-entreating  their  Men;  and,  by  the  way,  this  was  the  true  Reason  of 

the  fatal  War  which  the  Nations  roundabout  made  upon  Carolina  in  the 

year  1713.^^ 

**  Reference  is  to  the  Tuscarora  War  of  1711-13  in  North  Carolina,  and  the 
Yamassee  of  1715,  in  South  Carolina.  In  the  former  the  Catawbas  allied  themselves 
with,  and  in  the  latter  against,  the  English. 


November]  The  Secret  History 


[Continued  on  page  305] 


303 


,304  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [November 

Then  it  was  all  that  the  Neighbouring  Indians,  grown  weary  of  the 
Tyranny  and  Injustice  with  which  they  had  been  abus'd  for  many  Years, 
resolv'd  to  endure  their  bondage  no  longer,  but  enter'd  into  General 
Confederacy  against  their  Oppressors  of  Carolina. 

The  Indians  open'd  the  War  by  knocking  most  of  those  little  Tyrants  on 
the  Head  that  dwelt  amongst  them,  under  pretence  of  regulating  their 
Commerce,  and  from  thence  Carry'd  their  Resentment  so  far  as  to  endanger 
both  NORTH  and  SOUTH  CAROLINA. 


16.  We  gave  Orders  that  the  Horses  shou'd  pass  Roanoak  River  at 
Monisep  Ford,  while  most  of  the  Baggage  was  transported  in  a  Canoe. 

We  landed  at  the  Plantation  of  Cornelius  Keith,  where  I  beheld  the 
wretchedest  Scene  of  Poverty  I  had  ever  met  with  in  this  happy  Part  of  the 
World.  The  Man,  his  Wife  and  Six  Small  Children,  liv'd  in  a  Penn,  like  so 
many  Cattle,  without  any  Roof  over  their  Heads  but  that  of  Heaven. 
And  this  was  their  airy  Residence  in  the  Day  time,  but  then  there  was  a 
Fodder  Stack  not  far  from  this  Inclosure,  in  which  the  whole  Family 
shelter'd  themselves  a  night's  and  in  bad  weather. 

However,  'twas  almost  worth  while  to  be  as  poor  as  this  Man  was,  to  be 
as  perfectly  contented.  All  his  Wants  proceeded  from  Indolence,  and  not 
from  Misfortune.  He  had  good  Land,  as  well  as  good  Health  and  good 
Limbs  to  work  it,  and,  besides,  had  a  Trade  very  useful  to  all  the  In- 
habitants round  about.  He  cou'd  make  and  set  up  Quern  Stones^^  very 
well,  and  had  proper  Materials  for  that  purpose  just  at  Hand,  if  he 
cou'd  have  taken  the  pains  to  fetch  them. 

There  is  no  other  kind  of  Mills  in  those  remote  parts,  and,  therefore, 
if  the  Man  wou'd  have  Workt  at  his  Trade,  he  might  have  liv'd  very 
comfortably.  The  poor  woman  had  a  little  more  Industry,  and  Spun 
Cotton  enough  to  make  a  thin  covering  for  her  own  and  her  children's 
Nakedness. 

I  am  sorry  to  say  it,  but  Idleness  is  the  general  character  of  the  men 
in  the  Southern  Parts  of  this  Colony  as  well  as  in  North  Carolina.  The 
Air  is  so  mild,  and  the  Soil  so  fruitful,  that  very  little  Labour  is  requir'd 
to  fill  their  Bellies,  especially  where  the  Woods  afford  such  Plenty  of 
Game.  These  Advantages  discharge  the  Men  from  the  Necessity  of  killing 
themselves  with  Work,  and  then  for  the  other  Article  of  Raiment,  a  very 
little  of  that  will  suffice  in  so  temperate  a  Climate.  But  so  much  as  is 
absolutely  Necessary  falls  to  the  good  women's  Share  to  provide.  They 
all  Spin,  weave  and  knit,  whereby  they  make  a  good  Shift  to  cloath  the 
whole  Family;  and  to  their  credit  be  it  recorded,  many  of  them  do  it  very 
completely,  and  thereby  reproach  their  Husbands'  Laziness  m  the  most 


Stones   for   querns,   or  hand   mills. 


November]  The  Secret  History  305 


16.  It  was  noon  before  we  cou'd  disengage  ourselves  from  the 
Charms  of  Madam  Nat,  and  her  Entertainments.  I  tipp't  her 
a  Pistole  for  her  Civilitys;  and  order'd  the  Horses  to  the  Ford, 
while  we  and  the  Baggage  were  paddled  over  in  the  Canoe.  While 
the  Horses  were  marching  round.  Meanwell  and  I  made  a  Visit 
to  Cornelius  Keath,  who  liv'd  rather  in  a  Penn  than  a  House,  with 
his  Wife  and  6  Children.  I  never  beheld  such  a  Scene  of  Pov- 
erty in  this  happy  part  of  the  World.  The  Hovel  they  lay  in  had 
no  Roof  to  cover  those  wretches  from  the  Injurys  of  the  Weather: 
but  when  it  rain'd,  or  was  colder  than  Ordinary,  the  whole  Family 
took  refuge  in  a  Fodder  Stack.  The  poor  man  had  rais'd  a  kind 
of  a  House  but  for  want  of  Nails  it  remain'd  uncover'd.  I  gave 
him  a  Note  on  Maj"".  Mumford  for  Nails  for  that  purpose  and  so 
made  a  whole  Family  happy  at  a  very  small  Expence.  The  man 
can  read  &  write  very  well,  and  by  way  of  a  Trade  can  make  & 
set  up  Quemstones  &  yet  is  poorer  than  any  Highland-Scot,  or 
Bog-trotting  Irishman.  When  the  Horses  came  up  we  moved  for- 
ward to  Miles  Rileys  another  of  Maj'.  Mumford's  Quarters.  Here 
was  a  Young  Steer  kill'd  for  us,  and  meal  ground,  and  every  thing 
also  provided  that  the  Place  afforded.  There  was  a  huge  consump- 
tion of  Potatoes,  milk,  &  Butter,  which  we  found  in  great  Plenty. 

This  day  I  discharg'd  Robin  Hix,  Tho'  Wilson,  and  Charles 
Kimball,  allowing  them  2  Days  to  reach  their  Homes.  I  also  dis- 
mist  our  honest  Indian  Bearskin,  after  presenting  him  with  a  note 


20 


306  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [November 

inoffensive  way,  that  is  to  say,  by  discovering  a  better  Spirit  of  Industry 
in  themselves. 

From  thence  we  mov'd  forward  to  Colo  Mumford's  other  Plantation, 
under  the  Care  of  Miles  Riley,  where,  by  that  Gentleman's  Directions,  we 
were  again  Supply'd  with  many  good  things.  Here  it  was  we  discharg'd 
our  Worthy  Friend  and  Fellow  Travellaur,  Mr.  Bearskin,  who  had  so 
plentifully  Supplyed  us  with  Provisions  during  our  long  Expedition.  We 
rewarded  Him  to  his  Heart's  content,  so  that  he  return'd  to  his  Town 
loaden,  both  with  Riches  and  the  Reputation  of  haveing  been  a  great 
Discoverer. 


17.  This  being  Sunday,  we  were  Seasonably  put  in  mind  how  much  we 
were  oblig'd  to  be  thankful  for  our  happy  return  to  the  Inhabitants.  Indeed 
we  had  great  reason  to  reflect  with  Gratitude  on  the  Signal  Mercies  we 
had  receiv'd.  First,  that  we  had,  day  by  day,  been  fed  by  the  Bountifull 
hand  of  Providence  in  the  desolate  Wilderness,  Insomuch  that  if  any  of 
our  People  wanted  one  Single  Meal  during  the  whole  Expedition,  it  was 
intirely  owing  to  their  own  imprudent  Management.  , 

Secondly,  that  not  one  Man  of  our  whole  Company,  had  any  Violent 
Distemper  or  bad  Accident  Befall  him,  from  One  End  of  the  Line  to  the 
other.  The  very  worst  that  happen'd  was,  that  One  of  them  gave  himself  a 
Smart  cut  on  the  Pan  of  his  knee  with  a  Tomahawk,  which  we  had  the 
good  Fortune  to  cure  in  a  Short  time,  without  the  help  of  a  Surgeon. 

As  for  the  Misadventures  of  Sticking  in  the  Mire  and  falling  into  Rivers 
and  Creeks,  they  were  rather  Subjects  of  Mirth  than  complaint,  and  serv'd 
only  to  diversify  our  Travels  with  a  little  farcicall  Variety.  And,  lastly, 
that  many  uncommon  Incidents  have  concurr'd  to  prosper  our  Under- 
taking. We  had  not  only  a  dry  Spring  before  we  went  out,  but  preceding 
Winter,  and  even  a  Year  or  two  before,  had  been  much  dryer  than  Ordi- 
nary. This  made  not  only  the  Dismal,  but  likewise  most  of  the  Sunken 
Grounds  near  the  Sea-Side,  just  hard  enough  to  bear  us,  which  otherwise 
had  been  quite  unpassible. 

And  the  whole  time  we  were  upon  the  Business,  which  was  in  all  about 
Sixteen  Weeks,  we  were  never  catch 't  in  the  Rain  except  once.  Nor  was 
our  Progress  Interrupted  by  bad  Weather  above  3  or  4  days  at  most. 
Besides  all  this,  we  were  Surpriz'd  by  no  Indian  Enemy,  but  all  of  us 
brought  our  Scalps  back  Safe  upon  our  Heads. 


November]  The  Secret  History  307 

of  £3  on  Maj'.  Mumford,  a  Pound  of  Powder  with  Shot  in  pro- 
portion. He  had  besides  the  Skins  of  all  the  Deer  he  had  kill'd 
in  the  whole  Journey,  and  had  them  carry'd  for  him  into  the  Bar- 
gain. Nothing  cou'd  be  happier  than  this  honest  Fellow  was  with 
all  these  Riches,  besides  the  great  Knowledge  he  had  gain'd  of 
the  Country.  He  kill'd  a  Fat  Buck,  great  part  of  which  he  left  us  by 
way  of  Legacy,  the  rest  he  cut  into  pieces,  toasted  them  before  the 
Fire,  &  then  strung  them  upon  his  Girdle  to  serve  him  for  his 
Provisions  on  his  way  to  Christanna-Fort,  where  his  Nation  liv'd. 
We  lay  in  the  Tent,  notwithstanding  there  was  a  clean  Landlady, 
and  good  Beds,  which  gave  the  Men  an  Opportunity  of  getting  a 
House  over  their  Heads,  after  having  for  2  Months  had  no  cover- 
ing but  the  Firmaments. 


17.  Being  Sunday  besides  performing  the  Dutys  of  the  day,  we 
christen'd  Tho.  Page  one  of  our  Men,  who  had  been  bred  a  Quaker, 
and  Meanwell  &  I  were  his  Gossips.  Several  of  the  Neighbours 
came,  partly  out  of  curiosity,  and  partly  out  of  Devotion. 
Amongst  the  rest  came  a  young  Woman  which  lives  in  comfortable 
Fornication  with  Cornelius  Cargil,  and  has  several  Children  by 
him.  Meanwell  bought  a  Horse  of  this  man,  in  which  he  was 
Jockyed.  Our  Eyes  as  well  as  our  Taste  were  blest  with  a  Surloin 
of  Roast  Beef,  and  we  drank  pleasure  to  our  Wives  in  a  Glass  of 
Shrub.  Not  content  with  this  Moderate  Refreshment,  my  Friends 
carry'd  on  the  Joke  with  Bambo  made  of  execrable  Brandy,  the 
manufacture  of  the  place.  I  preach't  against  it,  tho'  they  minded 
me  as  little  at  Night,  as  they  had  Humdrum  in  the  Morning,  but 
most  of  them  paid  for  it  by  being  extremely  Sick.  This  day  I  dis- 
charg'd  John  Holms  and  Tho.  Page,  with  a  reasonable  allowance 
of  Days  for  their  return  home. 


308  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [November 

This  cruel  Method  of  Scalping  of  Enemies  is  practis'd  by  all  the 
Savages  in  America,  and  perhaps  is  not  the  least  proof  of  their  Original 
from  the  Northern  Inhabitants  of  Asia.  Among  the  Ancient  Scythians 
it  was  constantly  us'd,  who  carry 'd  about  these  hairy  Scalps  as  Trophies 
of  Victory.  They  serv'd  them  too  as  Towels  at  home,  and  Trappings  for 
their  Horses  abroad.  But  these  were  not  content  with  the  Skin  of  their 
Enemies'  Heads,  but  also  made  use  of  their  Sculls  for  cups  to  drink  out 
of  upon  high  Festival  days,  &  made  greater  Ostentation  of  them  than  if 
they  had  been  made  of  Gold  or  the  purest  crystal. 

Besides  the  Duties  of  the  Day,  we  christen'd  one  of  our  Men  who  had 
been  bred  a  Quaker.  The  Man  desir'd  this  of  his  own  mere  Motion, 
without  being  tamper'd  with  by  the  Parson,  who  was  willing  every  one 
shou'd  go  to  Heaven  his  own  way.  But  whether  he  did  it  by  the  Con- 
viction of  his  Own  Reason,  or  to  get  rid  of  some  Troublesome  Forms  and 
Restraints,  to  which  the  Saints  of  that  Perswasion  are  Subject,  I  can't 
Positively  say. 


18.  We  proceeded  over  a  Levil  Road  12  Miles,  as  far  as  George  Hixe's 
Plantation,  on  the  South  Side  Meherrin  River,  Our  Course  being  for 
the  most  part  North-East.  By  the  way  we  hired  a  Cart  to  transport  our 
Baggage,  that  we  might  the  better  befriend  our  Jaded  Horses. 

Within  2  Miles  of  our  Journey's  End  this  day,  we  met  the  Express  We 
had  sent  the  Saturday  before  to  give  Notice  of  our  Arrival.  He  had 
been  almost  as  Expeditious  as  a  carrier  Pigeon,  rideing  in  2  Days  no  less 
than  200  Miles. 

All  the  Grandees  of  the  Sappony  Nation  did  us  the  Honour  to  repair 
hither  to  meet  us,  and  our  worthy  Friend  and  Fellow  Traveller,  Bearskin, 
appear'd  among  the  gravest  of  them  in  his  Robes  of  ceremony.  Four 
Young  Ladies  of  the  first  Quality  came  with  them,  who  had  more  the  Air 
of  cleanliness  than  any  copper-Colour'd  Beauties  I  had  ever  seen;  Yet 
we  resisted  all  their  Charms,  notwithstanding  the  long  Fast  we  had  kept 
from  the  Sex,  and  the  Bear  Dyet  was  had  been  so  long  engag'd  in.  Nor 
can  I  say  the  Price  they  sat  upon  their  Charms  was  at  all  Exorbitant.  A 
Princess  for  a  Pair  of  Red  Stockings  can't,  surely,  be  thought  buying 
Repentance  much  too  dear. 

The  Men  had  something  great  and  Venerable  in  their  countenances, 
beyond  the  common  Mien  of  Savages;  and  indeed  they  ever  had  the 
Reputation  of  being  the  Honestest,  as  well  as  the  bravest  Indians  we  have 
ever  been  acquainted  with. 

This  People  is  now  made  up  of  the  Remnant  of  Several  other  Nations, 
of  which  the  most  considerable  are  the  Sapponys,  the  Occaneches,  and 


November]  The  Secret  History  309 


18.  This  day  we  endeavour'd  to  set  out  early  but  were  hinder'd 
by  Powel's  not  finding  some  of  his  Horses,  This  Man  had  almost 
been  negligent  in  that  particular,  but  amongst  the  Inhabitants  was 
more  careless  than  ordinary.  It  was  therefore  thought  high  time 
to  discharge  him,  and  carry  our  Baggage  as  well  as  we  cou'd  to 
Cornelius  Cargill's,  who  liv'd  about  7  Miles  off,  and  there  hire 
his  Cart  to  transport  it  as  far  as  Maj"".  Mumfords.  We  made  the 
best  Shift  we  cou'd,  and  having  crost  M*"  Riley's  hand  with  a 
Pistole,  we  mov'd  toward  Cargils,  where  we  arriv'd  about  2  a 
Clock.  Here  we  put  the  heavy  Baggage  into  the  Cart,  tho'  I  order'd 
mine  to  continue  on  my  own  Horse,  lest  some  disaster  might  hap- 
pen to  this  frail  Vehicle.  Then  appointing  a  Guard  to  attend  the 
Baggage,  we  proceeded  5  Miles  farther  to  George  Hixes  Planta- 
tion, where  preparation  was  made  to  entertain  us. 

By  the  way  we  met  John  Davis  that  brought  me  Letters  from 
home,  &  from  Maj"".  Mumford,  in  answer  to  those  I  had  sent  to 
them  by  this  Express.  He  had  indeed  been  almost  as  Epeditious 
as  a  Carrier-Pigeon,  for  he  went  from  Miles  Richleys  on  Satur- 
day, and  he  met  us  this  day,  being  Monday,  early  in  the  After- 
noon 3  miles  before  we  got  to  George  Hixes.  By  the  Letters  he 
brought  I  had  the  pleasure  to  hear  that  all  my  Family  was  well. 


310  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [November 

Steukenhocks,^^  who  not  finding  themselves  Separately  Numerous,  enough 
for  their  Defence,  have  agreed  to  unite  into  one  Body,  and  all  of  them 
now  go  under  the  Name  of  the  Sapponys. 

Each  of  these  was  formerly  a  distinct  Nation,  or  rather  a  Several  clan 
or  Canton  of  the  Same  Nation,  Speaking  the  Same  Language,  and  using 
the  same  Customs.  But  their  perpetual  Wars  against  all  other  Indians, 
in  time,  reduc'd  them  so  lo  as  to  make  it  Necessary  to  join  their  Forces 
together. 

They  dwelt  formerly  not  far  below  the  Mountains,  upon  Yadkin 
River,  about  200  Miles  West  and  by  South  from  the  Falls  of  Roanoak. 
But  about  25  Years  ago  they  took  Refuge  in  Virginia,  being  no  longer 
in  condition  to  make  Head  not  only  against  the  Northern  Indians,  who 
are  their  Implacable  enemies,  but  also  against  most  of  those  to  the  South. 
All  the  Nations  round  about,  bearing  in  mind  the  Havock  these  Indians 
us'd  formerly  to  make  among  their  Ancestors  in  the  Insolence  of  their 
Power,  did  at  length  avenge  it  Home  upon  them,  and  made  them  glad  to 
apply  to  this  Government  for  protection. 

Colo  Spotswood,  our  then  lieut.  governor,  having  a  good  Opinion  of 
their  Fidelity  &  Courage,  Settled  them  at  Christanna,  ten  Miles  north 
of  Roanoak,  upon  the  belief  that  they  wou'd  be  a  good  Barrier  on  that 
Side  of  the  Country,  against  the  Incursion  of  all  Foreign  Indians,  And 
in  Earnest  they  wou'd  have  Serv'd  well  enough  for  that  Purpose,  if  the 
White  People  in  the  Neighbourhood  had  not  debauch 't  their  Morals,  and 
ruin'd  their  Health  with  Rum,  which  was  the  Cause  of  many  disorders,  and 
ended  at  last  in  a  barbarous  Murder  committeed  by  one  of  these  Indians 
when  he  was  drunk,  for  which  the  poor  Wretch  was  executed  when  he  was 
sober. 

It  was  a  matter  of  great  Concern  to  them,  however,  that  one  of  their 
Grandees  should  be  put  to  so  ignominious  a  Death.  All  Indians  have  as 
great  an  Aversion  to  hanging  as  the  Muscovites,  tho'  perhaps  not  for  the 
same  cleanly  reason:  These  last  believing  that  the  Soul  of  one  that  dies 
in  this  manner,  being  forc'd  to  Sally  out  of  the  Body  at  the  Postern,  must 
needs  be  defiled.  The  Sapponys  took  this  Execution  so  much  to  Heart,  that 
they  soon  after  quitted  their  Settlement  and  remov'd  in  a  Body  to  the 
Cataubas. 

The  Daughter  of  the  TETERO  KING  went  away  with  the  Sapponys, 
but  being  the  last  of  her  Nation,  and  fearing  she  Shou'd  not  be  treated 
according  to  her  Rank,  poison'd  herself,  like  an  Old  Roman,  with  the  Root 


""  Probably  the  Conestoga,  who  for  a  short  time  in  the  early  eighteeenth  century 
lived  on  the  Roanoke  River.  Earlier,  in  1608,  they  live  on  the  Rappahannock  River 
and  were  called  Mannahoac.  Spotswood  speaks  of  the  Stenkennocks  as  one  of  the 
tribes  whose  interests  he  represented  at  the  Albany  Conference  in  1722.  (A^.  Y.  Doc. 
Col.  Hist.  V,  673).  The  Occoneechi  in  1670  lived  on  an  island  in  the  Roanoke  River 
near  Clarksville,  Virginia,  but  by  1701  they  had  moved  westward  to  the  region  of 
Hillsboro.  North  Carolina,  and  in  1722  were  at  Christanna.  Later  they  moved 
North  with  the  Saponi  and  Tutelo.     (See  Note  62.) 


November]  The  Secret  History  311 

That  my  Heir  Apparent  had  been  extremely  ill,  but  was  recover'd, 
nevertheless  the  Danger  he  had  been  in  gave  Birth  to  the  Report 
that  he  was  dead.  All  my  Company  expected  that  now  the  bad 
News  wou'd  be  confirmed.  This  made  Meanwell  take  a  conveni- 
ent Station  to  observe  with  how  much  Temper  I  shou'd  receive  such 
MelanchoUy  Tydings.  But  not  finding  any  change  in  my  counten- 
ance, he  ventur'd  to  ask  me  how  it  fared  with  my  Family.  And  I 
must  greatf  ully  own,  that  both  he  and  the  whole  Company  discover'd 
a  great  deal  of  Satisfaction  that  the  Report  prov'd  false.  They 
then  told  me  with  how  much  care  they  had  conceal'd  from  me  the 
Fame  of  his  being  dead,  being  unwilling  fro  make  me  uneasy  upon 
so  much  incertainty. 

We  got  to  Geo.  Hixes  before  4  a  Clock,  and  both  he  and  his 
lively  little  Wife  receiv'd  us  courteously.  His  House  Stands  on  an 
Emminence,  from  whence  is  a  good  Prospect.  Every  thing  lookt 
clean  and  wholesome,  which  made  us  resolve  to  quit  the  Tent,  and 
betake  ourselves  to  the  House. 

All  the  Grandees  of  the  Sapponi  Nation  waited  here  to  see  us, 
and  our  Fellow-Traveller  Bearskin  was  amongst  the  gravest  of 
them.  Four  Ladys  of  Quality  graced  their  visit,  who  were  less 
besmear'd  with  Grease  and  Dirt,  than  any  Copper-colour'd  Beau- 
ty's I  had  ever  seen.  The  Men  too  had  an  air  of  decency  very  un- 
common and  what  was  a  greater  curiosity.  Most  of  the  Company 
came  on  Horseback.  The  Men  rode  more  awkwardly  than  Sailors, 
and  the  Women  who  sat  astride,  were  so  basfuU  they  wou'd  not 
mount  their  Ponys  til  they  were  quite  out  of  Sight. 

Christanna  Fort  where  these  Indians  live,  lies  3  Miles  from 
George  Hixes  Plantation.  He  has  considerable  dealings  with 
them,  and  supplys  them  too  plentifully  with  Rum,  which  kills  more 
of  them  than  the  Northern  Indians  do,  and  causes  much  disorder 
amongst  them.  Maj.  Mumford  was  so  good  as  to  send  me  a 
Horse,  believing  that  mine  was  sufficiently  jaded,  and  CoF  Boil- 
ing sent  me  another.''^  With  the  last  I  complemented  Orion,  who 
had  march 't  on  Foot  good  part  of  the  way  from  the  Mountains. 


*^  Colonel  John  Boiling  (1700-1757),  son  of  Major  John  Boiling  (1676-1729)  and 
grandson  of  Robert  Boiling  (1646-1709)  who  came  to  Virginia  in  1660  and  married 
Jane  Rolfe,  grand-daughter  of  John  Rolfe  and  Pocahontas.  The  residence  referred 
to  was  "Cobbe"  in  Chesterfield,  now  Henrico  County.  See  "The  Ancestors  and 
Descendants  of  John  Rolfe,"  {Virginia  Mag.  Hist,  and  Biog.,  Vol.  XXII,  p.  103.) 


312  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [November 

of  the  Trumpet-Plant.  Her  Father  dy'd  2  Years  before,  who  was  the  most 
intrepid  Indian  we  have  been  acquainted  with.  He  had  made  himself 
terrible  to  all  other  Indians  by  His  Exploits,  and  had  escaped  so  many 
Dangers  that  he  was  esteem'd  invulnerable.  But  at  last  he  dy'd  of  a 
Pleurisy,  the  last  Man  of  his  Race  and  Nation,  leaving  only  that  un- 
happy Daughter  behind  him,  who  would  not  long  survive  Him. 

The  most  uncommon  Circumstance  in  this  Indian  visit  Was,  that  they  all 
came  on  Horse-back,  which  was  certainly  intended  for  a  Piece  of  State, 
because  the  Distance  was  but  3  Miles,  and  'tis  likely  they  had  walk't  a 
foot  twice  as  far  to  catch  their  Horses.  The  Men  rode  more  awkwardly 
than  any  Dutch  Sailor,  and  the  Ladies  bestrode  their  Palfreys  a  la  mode 
de  France,  but  were  so  bashful  about  it,  that  there  was  no  persuading 
them  to  Mount  till  they  were  quite  out  of  our  Sight. 

The  French  Women  use  to  ride  a-straddle,  not  so  much  to  make  them 
sit  firmer  in  the  Saddle,  as  from  the  hopes  the  same  thing  might  perad- 
venture  befall  them  that  once  happen'd  to  the  Nun  of  ORLEANS,  who 
escaping  of  a  Nunnery,  took  Post  en  CAVALIER,  and  in  ten  Miles'  hard 
riding  had  the  good  Fortune  to  have  all  the  Tokens  of  a  Man  break  out 
upon  her. 

This  Piece  of  History  ought  to  be  the  more  credible,  because  it  leans 
upon  much  the  same  Degree  of  Proof  as  the  Tale  of  Bishop  Burnet's  Two 
Italian  NUNS,  who,  according  to  his  Lordship's  Account,  underwent  the 
Same  happy  Metamorphosis,  probably  by  some  other  Violent  Exercise. ^^ 


19.  From  hence  we  despatch't  the  Cart  with  our  Baggage  under  a 
Guard,  and  crosst  MEHERRIN  River,  which  was  not  30  Yards  wide  in  that 
Place.  By  the  help  of  Fresh  Horses  that  had  been  sent  us  we  now  began 
to  mend  our  Pace,  which  was  also  quicken'd  by  the  Strong  Inclinations 
we  had  to  get  home. 

In  the  Distance  of  5  Miles  we  forded  MEHERRIN  creek,  which  was  very 
near  as  broad  as  the  River.  About  8  Miles  farther  we  came  to  STURGEON- 
Creek,  so  call'd  from  the  Dexterity  an  OCCAANECHY  Indian  shewed  there 
in  Catching  one  of  those  Royal  Fish,  which  was  perform'd  after  the  follow- 
ing Manner. 

In  the  Summer  time  'tis  no  unusual  thing  for  Sturgeons  to  Sleep  on 
the  Surface  of  the  Water  and  one  of  them  having  wander'd  up  into  this 
Creek  in  the  Spring,  was  floating  in  that  drowsy  condition. 

The  Indian,  above  mention'd,  ran  up  to  the  Neck  into  the  Creek  a  little 
below  the  Place  where  he  discover'd  the  Fish,  expecting  the  Stream  wou'd 


^  Burnett,  Some  letters  containing  An  Account  of  what  seemed  most  remarkable  in 
Switzerland,  Italy,  etc.,  written  by  G.  Burnet,  D.D.  to  T.  H.  B.  B.  (Rotterdam, 
1686)   pp.  246-247. 


November]  The  Secret  History  313 

When  we  saluted  M'^^  Hix,  she  bobb'd  up  her  mouth  with  more  than 
Ordinary  Elasticity,  and  gave  Us  a  good  Opinion  of  her  other 
Motions.  Captain  Embry  who  lives  on  Notoway  River  met  us 
here,  and  gave  us  an  invitation  to  make  our  next  Stage  at  his 
House.  Here  I  discharged  John  Evans,  Stephen  Evans,  William 
Pool,  George  Tilman,  George  Hamilton,  and  James  Patillo,  al- 
lowing them  for  their  Distance  Home.  Our  course  from  Miles 
Rileys  inwards  held  generally  about  N  E.  and  the  Road  Levil. 


19.  We  dispach't  away  the  Cart  under  a  Guard  by  9  a  Clock, 
and  after  Complementing  our  Landlord  with  a  Pistole  for  Feeding 
us  and  our  Horses,  we  follow'd  about  11.  About  a  Mile  from 
the  House,  we  crost  Meherrin  River,  which  being  very  low  was 
not  more  than  20  Yards  wide.  About  5  miles  farther  we  past 
Meherrin  Creek  almost  as  wide  as  the  River.  From  thence  8 
Miles  we  went  over  Sturgeon  Run,  and  6  Miles  beyond  that  we 
came  upon  Wick-quoy  Creek  where  the  Stream  is  swift,  and 
tumbles  over  the  Rocks  very  solemnly,  this  makes  broad  low 
Grounds  in  many  places,  and  abundance  of  rich  Land.  About 
2  Miles  more  brought  us  to  our  worthy  Friends  Cap*.  Embry's 
Habitation,  where  we  found  the  House  keeping  much  better  than 
the  House.  In  that  the  Noble  Capt.  is  not  very  curious.  His  Castle 
consisting  of  one  Dirty  Room,  with  a  dragging  Door  to  it  that 
will  neither  Open  nor  Shut.     However  my  Landlady  made  us 


314  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [November 

soon  bring  his  Game  down  to  Him.  He  judg'd  the  Matter  right,  and  as 
Soon  as  it  came  within  his  Reach,  he  whip't  a  running  Noose  over  his 
Jole.  This  waked  the  Sturgeon,  which  being  Strong  in  its  own  Element 
darted  immediately  under  Water  and  dragg'd  the  Indian  after  Him. 
The  Man  made  it  a  Point  of  Honour  to  keep  his  Hold,  which  he  did  to 
the  Apparent  Danger  of  being  drown'd.  Sometimes  both  the  Indian  and 
the  Fish  disappear'd  for  a  Quarter  of  a  Minute,  &  then  rose  at  some  Dis- 
tance from  where  they  dived.  At  this  rate  they  continued  flouncing  about, 
Sometimes  above,  and  sometimes  under  Water,  for  a  considerable  time, 
till  at  last  the  Hero  Suffocated  his  Adversary,  and  haled  his  Body  ashoar 
in  Triumph. 

About  Six  Miles  beyond  that,  we  passed  over  Wicco-quoi  creek.  Named 
so  from  the  Multitude  of  Rocks  over  which  the  water  tumbles  in  a  Fresh, 
with  a  bellowing  Noise.  Not  far  from  where  we  went  over,  is  a  Rock 
much  higher  than  the  rest,  that  Strikes  the  Eye  with  agreeable  Horror,  and 
near  it  a  very  Talkative  Eccho,  that,  like  a  fluent  Helpmeet,  will  return  her 
good  Man  Seven  Words  for  one,  &  after  all,  be  Sure  to  have  the  Last.  It 
speaks  not  only  the  Language  of  Men,  but  also  of  Birds  &  Beasts,  and 
often  a  Single  Wild  Goose  is  cheated  into  the  Belief  that  Some  of  his 
Company  are  not  far  off,  by  hearing  his  own  cry  multiply'd;  &  'tis 
pleasant  to  see  in  what  a  flutter  the  Poor  Bird  is,  when  he  finds  himself 
disappointed. 

On  the  Banks  of  this  creek  are  very  broad  low-Grounds  in  many  Places, 
and  abundance  of  good  high-Land,  tho'  a  little  Subject  to  Floods. 

We  had  but  two  Miles  more  to  Capt.  EMBRY'S,  where  we  found  the 
Housekeeping  much  better  than  the  House.  Our  Bountifull  Landlady  had 
set  her  Oven  and  all  her  Spits,  Pots,  Gridirons  and  Saucepans  to  work, 
to  diversify  our  Entertainment,  tho'  after  all  it  prov'd  but  a  Mahommetan 
Feast,  there  being  Nothing  to  drink  but  Water.  The  worst  of  it  was, 
we  had  imluckily  outrid  the  Baggage,  and  for  that  Reason  were  oblig'd 
to  Lodge  very  Sociably  in  the  Same  Apartment  with  tlie  Family,  where, 
reckoning  Women  and  Children,  we  muster'd  in  all  no  less  than  Nine 
Persons,  who  all  pigg'd  loveingly  together. 


20.  In  the  Morning  colo  Bolling,^^  who  had  been  Surveying  in  the 
Neighbourhood,  and  Mr.  Walker,  who  dwelt  not  far  off,  came  to  visit 
us;  And  the  last  of  these  Worthy  Gentlemen,  fearing  that  our  drinking 
so  much  Water  might  incline  us  to  Pleurisys,  brought  us  a  kind  Supply 
both  of  Wine  and  cyder. 

It  was  Noon  before  we  cou'd  disengage  Ourselves  from  the  Courtesies  of 
this  Place,  and  then  the  two  Gentlemen  above-mention'd  were  so  good  as 


See  Notes  63,  Secret  History;  and  Virginia  Mag.  Hist,  and  Biog.  XXII,  p.  103. 


November]  The  Secret  History 


315 


was  a 


amends  by  providing  a  Supper  Sufficient  for  a  Battalion.     I 

little  Shocked  at  our  first  alighting  with  a  Sight  I  did  not  expect. 
Most  of  the  Men  I  discharg'd  yesterday  were  got  here  before  us, 
and  within  a  few  good  downs  of  being  drunk.  I  shew'd  so  much 
concern  at  this,  that  they  had  the  Modesty  to  retire.  M'  Walker 
met  us  here,  and  kindly  invited  us  to  his  House,  being  about  5 
Miles  wide  of  this  place.  I  shou'd  have  been  glad  to  accept  of 
his  Civility  but  cou'd  not  with  decency  put  a  Slur  upon  our  good 
Friend  the  Captain,  who  had  made  abundant  Provision  for  us. 
For  this  Reason  we  chose  to  drink  Water,  and  stow  thick  in  a 
dirty  Room,  rather  than  give  our  black-Ey'd  Landlady  the  Trouble 
of  making  a  Toast  to  no  purpose.  She  had  set  all  her  Spits,  Pots, 
Frying  pans.  Grid  Irons  and  Ovens  to  work  to  pamper  us  up  after 
fasting  so  long,  in  the  Wilderness.  The  worst  point  of  her  Civility 
was  that  she  made  us  eat  part  of  everything,  which  oblig'd  2 
of  the  9  that  lay  in  the  Room  to  rise  at  a  very  unseasonable  time 
of  Night. 


20.  M'  Walker  came  to  us  again  in  the  Morning,  &  was  so  kind 
as  to  bring  us  some  Wine  &  Cyder.  He  also  lent  Meanwell  a 
Horse  for  himself,  and  Me  another  for  one  of  my  Men.  We  had 
likewise  a  Visit  from  Col°  Boiling,  who  had  been  a  Surveying  in 
the  Neighborhood.  Our  Landlord,  who  fortify'd  ourselves  with 
meat  Breakfast,  we  took  Leave  about  12.  My  Wife  and  I  rid  in 
the  Chair,  and  my  Daughter  on  an  easy  Pad  she  had  borrow'd. 
M".    Mumford  was  so  kind  as  to  undertake  to  Spin  my  Buffalo's 


316  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [November 

to  accompany  us  that  day's  Journey,  tho'  they  cou'd  by  no  means  approve 
of  our  LITHUANIAN  Fashion  of  Dismounting  now  and  then,  in  order  to 
walk  part  of  the  way  on  foot. 

We  cros't  Nottoway  River  not  far  from  our  Landlord's  House,  where  it 
seem'd  to  be  about  25  Yards  over.  This  River  divides  the  County  of 
Prince  George  from  that  of  BRUNSWICK.  We  had  not  gone  8  Miles 
father  before  our  Eyes  were  bless'd  with  the  Sight  of  Sapponi  chappel, 
which  was  the  first  House  of  Prayer  we  had  seen  for  more  than  two 
calendar  Months. 

About  3  Miles  beyond  that,  we  passed  over  Stony  Creek,  where  One 
of  those  that  Guarded  the  Baggage  kill'd  a  Polcat,  upon  which  he  made 
a  comfortable  Repast.  Those  of  his  company  were  so  SQUEAMISH 
they  cou'd  not  be  persuaded  at  first  to  tast,  as  they  said,  of  so  unsavoury 
an  Animal;  but  seeing  the  Man  Smack  his  Lips  with  more  pleasure  than 
usual,  they  ventur'd  at  last  to  be  of  his  Mess,  and  instead  of  finding  the 
Flesh  rank  and  high-tasted,  they  owned  it  to  be  the  Sweetest  Morsel  they 
had  ever  eat  in  their  Lives. 

The  ill  Savour  of  this  little  Beast  lys  altogether  in  its  Urin,  Which 
Nature  has  made  so  detestably  ill-scented  on  purpose  to  furnish  a  helpless 
Creature  with  Something  to  defend  itself.  For  as  some  Brutes  have  Horns 
and  Hoofs,  and  others  are  arm'd  with  Claws,  Teeth  and  Tushes  for  their 
Defence;  and  as  Some  Spit  a  Sort  of  Poison  at  their  Adversaries,  like  the 
Paco;  and  others  dart  Quills  at  their  Pursuers,  like  the  Porcupine;  and  as 
some  have  no  Weapons  to  help  themselves  but  their  Tongue,  and  others 
none  but  their  Tails;  so  the  poor  Polcat's  safety  lies  altogether  in  the 
irresistible  Stench  of  its  Water;  insomuch  that  when  it  finds  itself  in 
Danger  from  an  Enemy,  it  Moistens  its  bushy  Tail  plentifully  with  this 
Liquid  Amunition,  and,  then  with  great  fury.  Sprinkles  it  like  a  Shower 
of  Rain  full  into  the  Eyes  of  its  Assailant,  by  which  it  gains  time  to  make 
its  Escape. 

Nor  is  the  Polcat  the  only  Animal  that  defends  itself  by  a  Stink.  At 
the  CAPE  OF  GOOD  HOPE  is  a  little  Beast,  call'd  a  Stinker,  as  big  as  a 
Fox,  and  Shap't  like  a  Ferret,  which  being  pursued  has  no  way  to  save 
himself  but  by  farting  and  Squittering.  And  then  such  a  Stench  ensues 
that  None  of  its  Pursuers  can  Possibly  stand  it. 

At  the  End  of  30  good  Miles,  we  arriv'd  in  the  Evening  at  colo  Boiling's, 
where  first,  from  a  Primitive  Course  of  Life,  we  began  to  relapse  into 
Luxury.  This  Gentleman  lives  within  Hearing  of  the  Falls  of  Appamatuck 
River,  which  are  very  Noisy  whenever  a  Flood  happens  to  roll  a  greater 
stream  than  ordinary  over  the  Rocks. 

The  River  is  Navigable  for  Small  Craft  as  high  as  the  Falls,  and  at 
Some  distance  from  thence  fetches  a  compass,  and  runs  nearly  parallel 
with  James  River  almost  as  high  as  the  Mountains. 

While  the  Commissioners  fared  Sumptuously  here,  the  poor  Chaplain 
and  two  Surveyors,  stoppt  Ten  Miles  Short  at  a  poor  Planter's  House,  in 


November]  The  Secret  History  317 

Hair,  in  order  to  knit  me  a  pair  of  Stockins.  Orion  took  the 
nearest  way  to  Williamsburgh,  Astrolabe  to  Goochland,  and  Hum- 
drum to  Mount  Misery.  We  call'd  on  M^  Fitzgerald  to  advise  him 
what  method  to  take  with  his  Sick  Child,  but  Nature  had  done  the 
Business  before  we  came.  We  arriv'd  at  Coggins  Point  about  4, 
where  my  Servants  attended  with  both  Boats,  in  order  to  trans- 
port us  to  Westover.  I  had  the  happiness  to  find  all  the  Family 
well.  This  crown'd  all  my  other  Blessings,  and  made  the  Journey 
truly  prosperous,  of  which  I  hope  I  shall  ever  retain  a  gratef  ull  re- 
membrance. Nor  was  it  all  that  my  People  were  in  good  health, 
but  my  Business  was  likewise  in  good  Order,  by  the  Joy  they 
exprest  at  my  Return.  My  Neighbours  had  been  kind  to  my  Wife, 
when  she  was  threaten'd  with  the  Loss  of  her  Son  &  Heir.  Their 
assistance  was  kind  as  well  as  seasonable  when  her  Child  was 
threatened  with  Fatal  Symptoms,  and  her  Husband  upon  a  long 
Journey  expos'd  to  great  Variety  of  Perils.  Thus  surrounded 
with  the  most  fearfull  apprehensions.  Heaven  was  pleased  to  Sup- 
port her  Spirits,  and  bring  back  her  Child  from  the  Grave,  and 
her  Husband  from  the  Mountains,  for  which  Blessings  may  we 
be  all  sincerely  thankfuU. 

THE  NAMES  of  the  Commissioners  to  direct  the  running  of 
the  Line  between  Virginia  and  North  Carolina. 

Commissioners  for  Virginia 

Steaddy  Meanwell 

Firebrand 

Commissioners  for  North  Carolina 

Judge  Jumble  Plausible 

Shoebrush  Puzzlecause 

Surveyors  for  Virginia 

Orion  Astrolabe 

Surveyors  for  N.  Carolina 


Bo-otes  Plausible 

The  Rev^  D*"  Humdrum.  Chaplain 


318  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [November 

Pity  to  their  Horses,  made  a  Saint  ANTHONY'S  Meal,  that  is,  they  Supp't 
upon  the  Pickings  of  what  Stuck  in  their  Teeth  ever  since  Breakfast. 
But  to  make  them  amends,  the  good  Man  laid  them  in  his  own  Bed,  where 
they  all  three  nestled  together  in  one  cotton  Sheet  and  one  of  Brown 
Oznabrugs,  made  Still  Something  Browner  by  two  Months'  Copious 
Perspiration. 


21.  But  those  worthy  Gentlemen  were  so  alert  in  the  Morning  after 
their  light  Supper,  that  they  came  up  with  us  before  Breakfast,  &  honestly 
paid  their  Stomachs  all  they  ow'd  them. 

We  made  no  more  than  a  Sabbath  day's  Journey  from  this  to  the  next 
Hospitable  House,  namely,  that  of  our  great  Benefactor,  Colo  Mumford. 
We  had  already  been  much  befiended  by  this  Gentlemen,  who,  besides 
sending  Orders  to  his  Overseers  at  ROANOAK  to  let  us  want  for  nothing, 
had,  in  the  Beginning  of  our  Business,  been  so  kind  as  to  recommend 
most  of  the  Men  to  us  who  were  the  faithful  Partners  of  our  Fatigue. 

Altho,  in  most  other  ATCHIEVEMENTS  those  who  command  are  apt 
to  take  all  the  HONOUR  to  themselves  of  what  perhaps  was  more  owing 
to  the  Vigour  of  those  who  were  under  them,  Yet  I  must  be  more  just, 
and  allow  these  brave  Fellows  their  full  Share  of  credit  for  the  Service 
we  perform'd,  &  must  declare,  that  it  was  in  a  great  Measure  owing  to  their 
Spirit  and  indefatigable  Industry  that  we  overcame  many  Obstacles  in  the 
Course  of  our  Line,  which  till  then  had  been  esteem'd  unsurmountable. 

Nor  must  I  at  the  Same  time  omit  to  do  Justice  to  the  Surveyors,  and 
particularly  to  Mr.  Mayo,  who  besides  an  eminent  degree  of  Skill,  en- 
counter'd  the  same  Hardships  and  underwent  the  Same  Fatigue  that  the 
forwardest  of  the  Men  did,  and  that  with  as  much  Chearfulness  as  if  Pain 
had  been  his  Pleasure,  and  Difficulty  his  real  Diversion. 

Here  we  discharg'd  the  few  Men  we  had  left,  who  were  all  as  Ragged 
as  the  GIBEONITE  AMBASSADORS,  tho',  at  the  Same  time,  their  Rags 
were  very  honourable,  by  the  Service  they  had  so  Vigorously  performed 
in  making  them  so. 


22.  A  little  before  Noon  we  all  took  leave  and  dispers't  to  our  Several 
Habitations,  where  we  were  so  happy  to  find  all  our  Familys  well.  This 
crown'd  all  our  other  Blessings,  and  made  our  Journey  as  prosperous  as  it 
had  been  painfull. 

Thus  ended  our  Second  Expedition,  in  which  we  extented  the  Line 
within  the  Shadow  of  the  Chariky  Mountains,  where  we  were  oblig'd  to 
Set  up  our  Pillars,  like  Hercules,  and  return  Home. 


November] 


The  Secret  History 


319 


NAMES  of  the  Men  employ'd  on  the  part  of  Virginia  to  run 
the  Line  between  that  Colony  and  N.  Carolina 


On  the  first  Expedition 

1.  Peter  Jones 

2.  Thomas  Short. 

3.  Thomas  Jones. 

4.  Robert  Hix. 

5.  John  Evans. 

6.  Stephen  Evans. 

7.  John  Ellis. 

8.  Thomas  Wilson. 

9.  George  Tilman. 
10.  Charles  Kimball. 


11.  George  Hamilton. 

12.  Robert  Allen. 

13.  Thomas  Jones  Jun'. 

14.  John  Ellis  Jun'. 

15.  James  Pettillo. 

16.  Richard  Smith. 

17.  John  Rice. 

18.  William  Calvert 

19.  James  Whitlock 

20.  Thomas  Page 


On  the  2**  Expedition 

Peter  Jones. 
Thomas  Short. 
Thomas  Jones. 
Robert  Hix. 
John  Evans. 
Stephen  Evans. 
John  Ellis. 
Thomas  Wilson. 
George  Tilman. 


Charles  Kimball. 
George  Hamilton. 
Edward  Powell. 
Thomas  Jones  Jun' 
William  Pool. 
James  Pettillo. 
Richard  Smith. 
Abraham  Jones. 


ACCOUNT  of  the  Expence  of  running  the  Line  between  Virginia 

and  N.  Carolina. 


To  the  Men's  wages  in  Current  Money 

To  Sundry  Disbursements  for  Provisions,  &c 

To  paid  the  Men  for  7  Horses  lost 

The  Sum  of  £495"ll"6  Current  Money 


£277"10"0 

174"01"6 

44"00"0 

£495"11"6 


reduc't  at  15  Per  Cent  to  Sterling  amounts  to 


£430"08"10 


320  History  of  the  Dividing  Line  [November 

We  had  now,  upon  the  whole,  been  out  Sixteen  Weeks,  including  going 
and  returning  and  had  travell'd  at  least  Six  Hundred  Miles,  and  no  Small 
part  of  that  Distance  on  foot.  Below,  towards  the  Sea  Side,  our  Course 
lay  through  MARSHES,  SWAMPS,  and  great  Waters;  and  above,  over 
Steep  HILLS,  Craggy  ROCKS,  and  Thickets,  hardly  penetrable.  Notwith- 
standing this  variety  of  Hardships,  we  may  say,  without  Vanity,  that  we 
faithfully  obey'd  the  King's  Orders,  and  perform'd  the  Business  effec- 
tually, in  which  we  had  the  Honour  to  be  employ'd. 

Nor  can  we  by  any  Means  reproach  Ourselves  of  having  put  the  Crown 
to  any  exorbitant  Expense  in  this  di^cult  affair,  the  whole  Charge,  from 
Beginning  to  End,  amounting  to  no  more  than  One  Thousand  Pounds. 
But  let  no  one  concern'd  in  this  painful  Expedition  complain  of  the 
Scantiness  of  his  Pay,  so  long  as  His  Majesty  has  been  Graciously  pleas'd 
to  add  ao  our  Reward  the  HONOUR  of  his  ROYAL  approbation,  and  to 
declare,  notwithstanding  the  Desertion  of  the  CAROLINA  COMMIS- 
SIONERS, that  the  Line  by  us  run  shall  hereafter  Stand  as  the  true 
Boundary  betwixt  the  GOVERNMENTS  OF  VIRGINIA  AND  NORTH 
CAROLINA. 


NovemberJ                        The  Secret  History  321 

to  paid  Steddy  142"05"7 

To  Paid  Meanwell  142"05"07 

To  paid  Firebrand  94:00:00 

To  paid  the  Chaplain,  Humdrum  20:00:00 

To  paid  Orion  75:00:00 

To  paid  Astrolabe  75:00:00 

To  paid  for  a  Tent  and  Marquis  20:00:00 


£1000:00:00 


This  Sum  was  discharg'd  by  a  Warrant  of  his  Majesty'd  Quit- 
rents  from  the  Lands  in 

VIRGINIA. 


THE  DISTANCES  OF  PLACES 

mention'd  in  the  foregoing  History 

of  the  Dividing  Line  between  Virginia 

and  North  Carolina. 

M.Q.D. 

From  Coratuck  Inlet  to  the  Dismal  21:2:16 

The  Course  thro'  the  Dismal  15:0:00 

To  the  East  Side  of  Blackwater  River  20:1:43 
We  came  down  Blackwater  to  the  Mouth  of 

Nottoway  176  Poles,  from  whence  to  Meherrin  13 :2 :46 

To  Meherrin  River  again  0:1:67 

To  Meherrin  River  again  2:0:40 

To  the  Ferry  Road                         '  1:2:60 

To  Meherrin  again  0:0:22 

To  Meherrin  the  5th  and  last  Time  2:3:66 

To  the  Middle  of  Jack's  Swamp  11:0:25 

To  a  Road  1:2:52 

To  Beaver  pond  Creek  the  first  time  3:3:08 

21 


APPENDIX 

To  the  Foregoing  Journal,  containing  the  second  Charter  to  the  Pro- 
proprietors  of  CAROLINA,  confirming  and  enlarging  the  first,  and  also  sev- 
eral other  acts  to  which  it  refers.  These  are  plac'd  by  themselves  at  the 
End  of  the  Book,  that  they  may  not  interrupt  the  Thread  of  the  Story,  and 
the  Reader  will  be  more  at  liberty  whether  he  will  please  to  read  them  or 
not,  being  something  dry  and  unpleasant. 

The  Second  Charter  granted  by  KING  CHARLES  2D 
to  the  Proprietors  of,  CAROLINA^ 

CHARLES,  by  the  GRACE  OF  GOD,  &c.:  WHEREAS,  by  our  LET- 
TERS  PATENT,  bearing  date  the  four  and  twentieth  day  of  march,  in  the 
fifteenth  year  of  our  Reign,  we  were  graciously  pleas'd  to  grant  unto  our 
right  trusty  and  right  well  beloved  cousin  and  councellor,  Edward,  Earl 
of  Clarendon,  our  high  Chancellor  of  England,  Our  right  trusty  and  right 
entirely  beloved  Cousin  and  Counsellor,  George,  Duke  of  Albemarle, 
Master  of  our  Horse,  our  right  trusty  and  well  beloved  William,  now  Earl 
of  Craven,  our  Right  trusty  and  well  beloved  Coimsellor,  Anthony,  Lord 
Ashley,  Chancellor  of  our  Exchequer,  our  right  trusty  and  well  beloved 
Counsellor,  Sir  George  Carterett,  Knight  and  Baronet,  vice  Chamberlain 
of  our  household,  our  right  trusty  and  well  beloved,  Sir  John  Colleton, 
Knight  and  Baronet,  and  Sir  William  Berkley,^  Knight,  all  that  Province 
Territory,  or  Tract  of  Ground,  called  Carolina,  situate,  lying  and  being 
within  our  Dominions  of  America,  extending  from  the  North  End  of  the 
Island  called  Duke  Island,  which  lys  in  the  Southern  Virginia  Seas,  and 
within  Six  and  thirty  Degrees  of  the  Northern  Latitude;  and  to  the  West 
as  far  as  the  South  Seas;  &  so  respectively  as  far  as  the  River  of  Nathias, 
which  bordereth  upon  the  Coast  of  Florida,  &  within  one  and  thirty  De- 
grees of  the  Northern  Latitude,  and  so  west  in  a  direct  line  as  far  as  the 
South  Seas  aforesaid.  Now  know  ye,  that,  at  the  humblest  request  of  the 
said  Grantees  in  the  aforesaid  Letters  Patent  named,  and  as  a  further  mark 
of  our  especial  favour  towards  them,  we  are  graciously  pleas'd  to  enlarge 
our  said  Grant  unto  them  according  to  the  Bounds  &  Limits  hereafter 
Specify'd  &  in  favour  to  the  pious  and  noble  purpose  of  the  said  Edward, 
Earl  of  Clarendon,  George,  Duke  of  Albemarle,  William,  Earl  of  Craven, 
John,  Lord  Berkley,  Anthony,  Lord  Ashley,  Sir  George  Carterett,  Sir 
John  Colleton,  and  Sir  William  Berkley,  we  do  give  and  grant  to  them, 
their  Heirs  and  Assigns,  all  that  Province,  Territory,  or  tract  of  Ground, 


^  Here  follows  the  text  of  the  Charter.  Only  the  beginning,  the  part  which  con- 
cerns boundaries,  is  here  given.  The  complete  document  is  easily  acces-sible  to  the 
general  reader.  It  may  be  found  in  the  Colonial  Records  of  North  Carolina,  Vol.  I, 
p.  102. 

^The  name  of  Lord  John  Berkeley  is  omitted. 


'^     i 


Vl e  lAe  linJcfzjrxlii^    CimtyraUtorn,!^  o^f^t'Ue^JOT- 6t^^^  ouJ-aritiJ^Uing  iJu  SSot^^ui-^ 
CDcne.  ei  lkcCamperLih£j<>it£h^TtxAcAi^^o(uiMk^i^*~iAL 


"%uL.^ 


HCa^r^ 


^^^^;?^i??^rr— ^^^"  *5/ :|.X.H-E--Dl 


A>5caleof  Mile^ 

\~Jt^U^<-iinl'  liJ'  M'  't-^'  ""^  '^'  -iuina 


TTLo^OiedUAi   and  TTlf^  Ji^ti^TtJ^  Jerveui/r 


November] 


The  Secret  History 


323 


To  a  Road  from  Bedding-field  Southward 

To  Poa-hill  Creek 

To  a  Road 

To  Lizzard  Creek 

To  Pigeon-roost  Creek 

To  Cockes  Creek 

To  Roanoke  River 

To  the  West  Side  of  D" 

To  the  Indian  Trading  Path 

To  Great  Creek 

To  Nut-bush  Creek 

To  Massamony  Creek 

To  Yapatsco  Creek 

To  Ohimpamony  Creek 

To  Tewa-ho-mony  Creek 

To  Blowing  Creek 

To  Sugar  Tree  Creek 

To  Hico-ottomony  Creek 

To  the  same 

To  the  same 

To  the  same 

To  the  same  again 

To  Buffalo  Creek 

To  Cocquade  Creek 

To  the  South  Branch  of  Roanoke  call'd  the  Dan 

To  the  West  Side  including  the  Island 

To  Cane  Creek 

To  Dan  River  the  2*^  time 

To  the  West  Side  of  D" 

To  Dan  River  the  3*^  time 

To  the  N  W  Side  a  Slant 

To  the  Dan  River  the  4*''  time 

To  the  West  Side 

To  Low  Land  Creek 

To  Dan  River  the  S*'^  Time 

To  the  N  W  Side  aslant 

To  Cascade  Creek 


11:0:37 

3:1:33 

2:0:30 

0:3:38 

3:1:72 

2:3:24 

0:2:48 

0:0:49 

3:0:20 

4:3:28 

7:0:6 

7:1:4 

3:0:30 

3:1:38 

8:2:54 

4:3:10 

2:3:10 

3:1:76 

18 

2:64 

2:66 

0:0:42 

1:2:40 

11:3:6 

1:26 

:34 

2:2:42 

4:1:38 

24 

8:0:68 

53 

1:0:7 

21 

3:2:56 

1:0:18 

66 

2:3:10 


324  History  of  the  Dividing  Line 

Situate,  lying  and  being  within  our  Dominions  of  America  aforesaid,  ex- 
tending North  and  Eastward  as  far  as  the  North  end  of  Carahtuke  River 
or  Inlet,  upon  a  Streight  westerly  line  to  Wyonoake  Creek,  which  lys 
within  or  about  the  Degrees  of  thirty-six  and  thirty  Minutes  Northern 
Latitude,  and  so  West  in  a  Direct  line  as  far  as  the  South  Seas;  &  south 
and  westward  as  far  as  the  Degrees  of  twenty-nine  inclusive  Northern 
Latitude,  &  so  west  in  a  direct  line  as  far  as  the  South  seas;  together  with 
all  and  Singular  ports,  harbours.  Bays,  rivers,  &  inlets  belonging  unto  the 
Province  or  Territory  aforesaid,  etc. 

At  the  Court  of  St.  James's  the  1st  day  of.  March,  1710. — 
Present,  The  Queen's  most  Excellent  Majesty  in  Council. 

Upon  reading  this  day  at  the  Board  a  Representation  from  the  Rt  Hon- 
ble  the  Lords  Commissioners  for  trade  &  Plantations,  in  the  Words  follow- 
ing: In  pursuance  of  your  Majesty's  Pleasure,  Commissioners  have  been 
appointed  on  the  Part  of  your  Majesty's  Colony  of  Virginia,  as  likewise 
on  the  Part  of  the  Province  of  Carolina,  for  the  settling  the  Bounds  be- 
tween those  Governments;  And  they  have  met  several  times  for  that  pur- 
pose, but  have  not  agreed  upon  any  one  Point  thereof,  by  reason  of  the 
trifleing  delays  of  the  Carolina  Commissioners,  &  of  the  many  difi&culties 
by  them  rais'd  in  relation  to  the  proper  Observations  &  survey  they  were 
to  make.  However,  the  Commissioners  for  Virginia  have  deliver'd  to 
your  Majesty's  Lieut  Governor  of  that  Colony  an  Account  of  their  pro- 
ceedings, which  Account  has  been  under  the  Consideration  of  your  Maj- 
esty's Council  of  Virginia,  &c  they  have  made  a  Report  thereon  to  the 
said  Lieut  Governor,  who  haveing  lately  transmitted  unto  us  a  Copy  of 
that  Report,  we  take  leave  humbly  to  lay  the  Substance  thereof  before 
your  Majesty,  which  is  as  follows: 

That  the  Commissioners  of  Carolina  are  both  of  them  Persons  engag'd 
in  Interest  to  obstruct  the  Settling  the  Boundarys  between  that  Province 
and  the  Colony  of  Virginia;  for  one  of  them  has  for  several  Years  been 
Suveyor  General  of  Carolina,  has  acquired  to  himself  great  Profit  by  sur- 
veying Lands  within  the  controverted  Bounds,  &  has  taken  up  several 
Tracts  of  Land  in  his  own  Name,  &  sold  the  same  to  others,  for  which  he 
stands  still  oblig'd  obtain  Patents  from  the  Government  of  Carolina.  The 
other  of  them  is  at  this  lime  Surveyor  General,  &  hath  the  same  Prospect 
of  advantage  by  making  future  surveys  within  the  said  Bounds.  That  the 
Behavior  of  the  Carolina  Commissioners  has  tended  visibly  to  no  other 
End  than  to  protect  and  defeat  the  Settling  this  Affair;  and  particularly 
Mr.  Moseley  has  us'd  so  many  Shifts  &  Excuses  to  disappoint  all  Con- 
ferences with  the  Commissioners  of  Virginia,  as  plainly  shew  his  Aver- 
sion to  proceed  in  a  Business  that  tends  so  manifestly  to  his  disadvantage. 
His  prevaricating  on  this  occasion  has  been  so  undiscreet  and  so  unguard- 
ed, as  to  be  discover'd  in  the  presence  of  the  Lieut  Governor  of  Virginia. 
He  started  so  many  objections  to  the  Powers  granted  to  the  Commission- 


November]  The  Secret  History 


325 


To  Irvin  River  a  Branch  of  the  Dan  6:0:30 

To  Matrimony  Creek  4-0 -31 

To  Miry  Creek  7-1 -68 

To  Mayo-River  another  Branch  of  the  Dan  0 : 1 :36 

To  Dan  River  the  e'""  and  last  time  0:1-2 

To  Crooked  Creek  the  first  time  2-1 -77 

To  Ne  plus  ultra  Camp  13-0 -35 

To  a  Red  Oak  mark'd  on  3  Sides  with  4  Notches,  &  the    * 
Trees  blaz'd  about  it,   on  the  East  Bank  of  a  Rivulet, 
suppos'd  to  be  either  a  Branch  of  Roanoke,  or  Deep  River      3:60 


The  whole  Distance  241:2:70 

(Here  ends  the  Secret  History. — Editor.) 


326  History  of  the  Dividing  Line 

ers  of  that  Colony,  with  design  to  render  their  conferences  ineffectual, 
that  his  Joint  Commissioner  cou'd  hardly  find  an  excuse  for  him.  And 
when  the  Lieut  Governor  has  with  much  adoe  prevail'd  with  the  said  Mr. 
Moseley  to  appoint  a  time  for  meeting  the  Commissioners  of  Virginia,  & 
for  bringing  the  necessary  Instruments  to  take  the  Latitude  of  the  Boimds 
in  dispute,  which  Instruments  he  owned  were  ready  in  Carolina,  he  not 
only  fail'd  to  comply  with  his  own  appointment,  but  after  the  Commis- 
sioners of  Virginia  had  made  a  Journey  to  his  House,  and  had  attended 
him  to  the  Places  proper  for  observing  the  Latitude,  he  wou'd  not  take 
the  trouble  of  carrying  his  own  Instrument,  but  contented  himself  to  find 
fault  with  the  Quadrant  produc'd  by  the  Virginia  Commissioners,  tho 
that  Instrument  had  been  approv'd  by  the  best  Mathematicians,  and  is  of 
imiversal  Use.  From  all  which  it  is  evident  how  little  hopes  there  are  of 
Settling  the  Boundaries  abovementioned,  in  concert  with  the  present  Com- 
missioners for  Carolina.  That  tho  the  Bounds  of  the  Carolina  Charter 
are  in  express  words  limited  to  Weyanock  Creek,  lying  in  or  about  36° 
30'  of  Northern  Latitude,  yet  the  Commissioners  for  Carolina  have  not  by 
any  of  their  Evidences  pretended  to  prove  any  such  Place  as  Wayanoak 
Creek,  the  amount  of  their  Evidence  reaching  no  further  than  to  prove 
which  is  Weyanoak  River,  &  even  that  is  contradicted  by  affidavit  taken  on 
the  part  of  Virginia;  by  which  affidavits  it  appears  that,  before  the  Date 
of  the  Carolina  Charter  to  this  day,  the  place  they  pretend  to  be  Weyan- 
oak River  was,  &  is  still,  called  Nottaway  River.  But  supposing  the  same 
had  been  called  Weyanoak  River,  it  can  be  nothing  to  their  purpose,  there 
being  a  great  difference  between  a  River  &  a  Creek.  Besides,  in  that 
Country  there  are  divers  Rivers  &  Creeks  of  the  same  Name,  as  Potoraeck 
River  &  Potomeck  Creek,  Rappahannock  River,  &  Rappahannock  Creek, 
&  Several  others,  tho  there  are  many  Miles'  distance  between  the  mouths 
of  these  Rivers  and  the  mouths  of  these  Creeks.  It  is  also  observable, 
that  the  Witnesses  on  the  Part  of  Carolina  are  all  very  Ignorant  persons, 
&  most  of  them  of  ill  fame  &  Reputation,  on  which  Account  they  had  been 
forced  to  remove  from  Virginia  to  Carolina.  Further,  there  appeared  to 
be  many  contradictions  in  their  Testimonys,  whereas,  on  the  other  hand, 
the  witnesses  to  prove  that  the  Right  to  those  Lands  is  in  the  Government 
of  Virginia  are  Persons  of  food  Credit,  their  knowledge  of  the  Lands  in 
question  is  more  ancient  than  any  of  the  witnesses  for  Carolina,  &  their 
Evidence  fully  corroborated  by  the  concurrent  Testimony  of  the  Tribu- 
tary Indians.  And  that  right  is  farther  confirm'd  by  the  Observations 
lately  taken  of  the  Latitude  in  those  parts,  by  which  tis  plain,  that  the 
Creek  proved  to  be  Weyanock  Creek  by  the  Virginia  Evidences,  &  some- 
times call'd  Wicocon,  answers  best  to  the  Latitude  described  in  the  Caro- 
lina charter,  for  it  lys  in  36°  40',  which  is  ten  Minutes  to  the  Northward 
of  the  Limits  described  in  the  Carolina  grant,  Whereas  Nottoway  River, 
lys  exactly  in  the  Latitude  of  37°,^  and  can  by  no  construction  be  sup- 


^The  commissioners  in  1728  found  that  it  was  really  in  36°  30%'. 


Appendix  327 

pos'd  to  be  the  Boundary  described  in  their  Charter;  So  that  upon  the 
whole  Matter,  if  the  Commissioners  of  Carolina  had  no  other  view  than 
to  clear  the  just  right  of  the  Proprietors,  such  undeniable  Demonstrations 
wou'd  be  Sufficient  to  convince  them;  but  the  said  Commissioners  gave 
too  much  Cause  to  suspect  that  they  mix  their  own  private  Interest  with 
the  Claim  of  the  Proprietors,  &  for  that  reason  endeavor  to  gain  time  in 
order  to  obtain  Grants  for  the  Land  already  taken  up,  and  also  to  secure 
the  rest  on  this  occasion,  we  take  notice,  that  they  proceed  to  survey 
the  Land  in  dispute,  notwithstanding  the  assurance  given  by  the  Govern- 
ment of  Carolina  to  the  Contrary  by  their  letter  of  the  17th  of  June, 
1707,  to  the  Government  of  Virginia,  by  which  letter  they  promised  that  no 
lands  shou'd  be  taken  up  within  the  controverted  bounds  till  the  same  were 
settled. 

Whereupon  we  humbly  propose,  that  the  Lords  Proprietors  be  acquaint- 
ed with  the  foregoing  Complaint  of  the  trifleing  delays  of  their  Commis- 
sioners, which  delays  tis  reasonable  to  believe  have  proceeded  from  the 
self-interest  of  those  Commissioners,  and  that  therefore  your  Majesty's 
pleasure  be  signify 'd  to  the  said  Lords  Proprietors,  that  by  the  first  Op- 
portunity they  send  Orders  to  their  Governour  or  Commander  in  Chief  of 
Carolina  for  the  time  being,  to  issue  forth  a  new  Commission,  to  the  pur- 
port of  that  lately  issued,  thereby  constituting  two  other  Persons,  not  hav- 
ing any  personal  Interest  in,  oi  claim  to,  any  of  the  Land  lying  within  the 
Boundary's  in  the  room  of  Edward  Moseley  &  John  Lawson.  The  Caro- 
lina Commissioners  to  be  appointed  being  strictly  required  to  finish  their 
Survey,  &  to  make  a  return  thereof  in  conjunction  with  the  Virginia  Com- 
missioners, within  six  months,  to  be  computed  from  the  time,  that  due  no- 
tice shall  be  given  by  your  Majesty's  Lieut  Governor  of  Virginia  to  the 
Governor  or  Commander  in  Chief  of  Carolina,  of  the  time  &  place,  which 
your  Majesty's  said  Lieut  Governor  shall  appoint  for  the  first  meeting  of 
the  Commissioners  on  one  part  &  the  other.  In  order  whereunto  we 
humbly  offer,  that  directions  be  sent  to  the  said  Lieut  Governor,  to  give 
such  Notice  accordingly;  &  if  after  Notice  so  given,  the  Carolina  Commis- 
sioners shall  refuse  or  neglect  to  Join  with  those  on  the  part  of  Virginia, 
in  making  such  survey,  as  likewise  a  Return  thereof  within  the  time  be- 
fore mention'd;  that  then  and  in  such  Case,  the  Commissioners  on  the 
part  of  Virginia  be  directed  to  draw  up  an  Account  of  the  proper  observa- 
tions and  Survey  which  they  shall  have  made  for  ascertaining  the  Bounds 
between  Virginia  &  Carolina,  and  to  deliver  the  same  in  Writing  under 
their  Hands  and  Seals  to  the  Lieut  Governor  and  Council  of  Virginia,  to 
the  end  the  same  may  be  laid  before  your  Majesty,  for  your  Majesty's 
final  Determination  therein,  within,  with  regard  to  the  Settling  of  those 
Boundarys;  the  Lords  Proprietors  haveing,  by  an  Instrument  under  their 
Hands,  submitted  the  same  to  Your  Majesty's  royal  determination,  which 
instrument,  dated  in  March,  1708,  is  lying  in  this  office. 


328  History  of  the  Dividing  Line 

And  lastly,  we  humbly  propose,  that  your  Majesty's  further  pleasure  be 
signifyd  to  the  said  Lords  Proprietors,  and  in  like  manner  to  the  Lieut 
Governor  of  Virginia,  that  no  Grants  be  pass'd  by  either  of  those  Govern- 
ments of  any  of  the  Lands  lying  within  the  controverted  Bounds,  until 
such  Bounds  shall  be  ascertain'd  and  settled  as  aforesaid,  whereby  it  may 
appear  whether  those  Lands  do  of  Right  belong  to  your  Majesty,  or  to 
the  Lords  Proprietors  of  Carolina. 

Her  Majesty  in  Council,  approving  of  the  said  Representation,  is 
pleas'd  to  order,  as  it  is  hereby  ordered,  that  the  Rt  Honble  the  Lords 
Commissioners  for  Trade  &  Plantations  Do  signifye  her  Majesty's  pleas- 
ure herein  to  her  Majesty's  Lieut  Governor  or  Commander  in  Chief  of 
Virginia  for  the  time  being,  and  to  all  Persons  to  whom  it  may  belong, 
as  is  propos'd  by  their  Lordships  in  the  said  Representation,  and  the  Rt 
Honble  the  Lords  Proprietors  of  Carolina  are  to  do  what  on  their  part 
does  appertain. 

EDW  SOUTHWELL. 

PROPOSALS  for  determining  the  Controversy  relating  to  the  Bounds 
between  the  Governments  of  Virginia  and  North  Carolina,  most  hum- 
bly offered  for  his  Majesty's  Royal  Approbation,  and  fpr  the  Con- 
sent of  the  Rt  Honble  the  Lords  Proprietors  of  Carolina. 

Forasmuch  as  the  dispute  between  the  said  two  Governments  about  their 
true  Limits  continues  still,  notwithstanding  the  several  meetings  of  the 
Commissioners,  and  all  the  proceedings  of  many  Years  past,  in  order  to 
adjust  that  affair,  &  seeing  no  speedy  Determination  is  likely  to  ensue, 
unless  some  Medium  be  found  out,  in  which  both  Partys  may  incline  to 
acquiesce,  wherefore,  both  the  underwritten  Governors  having  met,  and 
consider'd  the  prejudice  both  to  the  King  &  the  Lords  Proprietors'  Inter- 
ests, by  the  continuance  of  this  contest,  and  truly  endeavoring  a  Decision, 
which  they  Judge  comes  nearest  the  Intention  of  Royal  Charter  granted 
to  the  Lords  Proprietors,  do,  with  the  advice  &  consent  of  their  respective 
Councils,  propose  as  follows: 

That  from  the  mouth  of  Corotuck  River  or  Inlet,  &  setting  the  Compass 
on  the  North  Shoar,  thereof  a  due  West  Line  be  run  &  fairly  mark'd,  & 
if  it  happen  to  cut  Chowan  River,  between  the  mouths  of  Nottoway  River 
and  Wicocon  Creek,  then  shall  the  same  direct  Course  be  continued  to- 
wards the  Mountains,  and  be  ever  deem'd  the  Sole  dividing  line  between 
Virginia  &  Carolina. 

That  if  the  said  West  Line  cuts  Chowan  River  to  the  Southward  of  Wi- 
cocon Creek,  then  from  point  of  Intersection  the  Bounds  shall  be  allow'd 
to  continue  up  the  middle  of  the  said  Chowan  River  to  the  middle  of  the 
Entrance  into  the  said  Wicocon  Creek,  and  from  thence  a  due  West  Line 
shall  divide  the  said  two  Governments. 

That  if  a  due  West  Line  shall  be  found  to  pass  through  Islands  or  to 
cut  out  small  Slips  of  Land,  which  might  much  more  conveniently  be  in- 


Appendix  329 

eluded  in  one  Province  or  the  other  by  Natural  Water  Bounds,  In  such 
Cases  the  Persons  appointed  for  runing  the  Line  shall  have  power  to  set- 
tle Natural  Bounds,  provided  the  Commissioners  of  both  Sides  agree 
thereto,  and  that  all  such  Variations  from  the  West  Line,  be  particularly 
Noted  in  the  Maps  or  Plats,  which  they  shall  return,  to  be  put  upon  the 
Records  of  both  Governments,  all  which  is  Humbly  submitted  by 

CHARLES  EDEN. 
A.  SPOTSWOOD. 

Order  of  the  King  and  Council  upon  the  foregoing  Proposals,  At  the 
Court  of  St.  James's  the  28th  day  of  March,  1729.^  Present,  the 
King's  most  Excellent  Majesty  in  Council. 

WHEREAS  it  has  been  represented  to  his  Majesty  at  the  Board,  that 
for  adjusting  the  disputes,  which  have  Subsisted  for  many  Years  past, 
between  the  Colonys  of  Virginia  and  North  Carolina,  concerning  their 
true  Boundarys,  the  late  Governors  of  the  said  colonys  did  some  time 
since  agree  upon  certain  Proposals  for  regulating  the  said  Boundarys  for 
tlie  future,  to  which  Proposals  the  Lords  Proprietors  of  Carolina  have 
given  their  assent;  And  whereas  the  said  Proposals  were  this  day  pre- 
sented to  his  Majesty  as  proper  for  his  Royal  Approbation. 

His  Majesty  is  thereupon  pleas'd,  with  the  Advice  of  his  Privy  Council, 
to  approve  of  the  said  Proposals,  a  copy  whereof  is  hereunto  annex't,  and 
to  order,  as  it  is  hereby  order'd,  that  the  Governor  or  Commander  in  Chief 
of  the  Colony  of  Virginia,  do  settle  the  said  Bondarys,  in  conjunction 
with  the  Governor  of  North  Carolina,  agreeable  to  the  said  Proposals. 

EDWARD  SOUTHWELL. 

The  Lieut  Governor  of  Virginia's  Commission  in  obedience  to 
His  Majesty's  Order. 

George  the  second,  by  the  Grace  of  God,  of  great  Britain,  France  and 
Ireland  King,  Defender  of  the  Faith,  to  our  trusty  and  well  beloved  Wil- 
liam Byrd,  Richard  Fitz- William,  and  William  Dandridge,  Esqrs.,  mem- 
bers of  our  council  of  the  Colony  and  Dominion  of  Virginia,  Greeting: 
Where  as  our  late  Royal  Father  of  Blessed  memory  was  graciously  pleas'd, 
by  Order  of  his  Privy  Council,  bearing  date  the  28  day  of  March  1727, 
to  approve  of  certain  Proposals  agreed  upon  by  Alexander  Spotswood, 
Esqr.  late  Lieut  Governor  of  Virginia,  on  the  one  part,  and  Charles  Eden, 
Espr.  late  Governor  of  the  Province  of  North  Carolina,  for  determining 
the  Controversy  relating  to  the  Bounds  between  the  said  two  Govern- 
ments, and  was  farther  pleased  to  direct  and  Order,  that  the  said  Boun- 
darys shoud  be  laid  out  &  settled  agreeable  to  the  said  Proposals.  Know 


^It  should  be  1727. 


330  History  of  the  Dividing  Line 

ye,  therefore,  that  reposing  special  trust  and  confidence  in  your  Ability  & 
Provident  circumspection,  have  assign'd,  constituted  &  appointed,  &  by 
these  presents  do  assign,  constitute  &  appoint  you  &  every  of  you  jointly  & 
severally,  our  Commissioners  for  &  on  behalf  of  our  Colony  &  Dominion 
of  Virginia,  to  meet  the  Commissioners  appointed  or  to  be  appointed  on 
the  part  of  the  Province  of  North  Carolina,  and  in  conjunction  with  them 
to  cause  a  Line  or  Lines  of  Division  to  be  run  and  markt,  to  divide  the 
said  two  Governments  according  to  the  proposals  above-mention'd,  &  the 
order  of  our  late  Royal  Father,  Copies  of  both  which  you  will  herewith 
receive,  and  we  do  further  give  and  grant  unto  you,  and  in  case  of  the 
Death  or  absence  of  any  of  you,  such  of  you  as  shall  be  present,  full 
power  and  authority  to  treat  &  agree  with  the  said  Commissioners  of  the 
Province  of  North  Carolina  on  such  rules  and  Methods  as  you  shall  Judge 
most  expedient  for  the  adjusting  and  finally  determining  all  disputes  or 
controversies  which  may  arise,  touching  any  Islands  or  other  small  Slips 
of  Land  which  may  happen  to  be  intersected  or  cut  off  by  the  dividing 
Line  aforesaid,  and  which  may  with  come  conveniency  be  included  in  the 
One  Province  or  the  other  by  natural  water  bounds,  agreeable  to  the  pro- 
posals aforemention'd,  and  generally  to  do  and  perform  all  matters  and 
things  requisite  for  the  final  determination  and  Settlement  of  the  said 
Boundarys,  according  to  the  said  Proposals.  And  to  the  end  our  Service 
herein  may  not  be  disappointed  through  the  refusal  or  delay  of  the  Com- 
missioners for  the  Province  of  North  Carolina,  to  act  in  Conjunction  with 
you  in  settling  the  Boundarys  aforesaid,  we  do  hereby  give  &  grant  unto 
you,  or  such  of  you  as  shall  be  present  at  the  time  and  place  appointed 
for  running  the  dividing  Line  aforesaid,  full  power  and  Authority  to 
cause  the  said  Line  to  be  run  and  mark'd  out,  conformable  to  the  said 
proposals,  having  due  regard  to  the  doing  equal  Justice  to  Us,  and  to  the 
Lords  Proprietors  of  Carolina,  any  refusal,  disagreement,  or  opposition 
of  the  said  Commissioners  of  North  Carolina  notwithstanding.  And  in 
that  case  we  hereby  require  you  to  make  a  true  report  of  your  proceedirlgs 
to  our  Lieut  Governor,  or  Commander  in  Chief  of  Virginia,  in  order  to 
be  laid  before  us  for  our  approbation,  and  final  determination  herein. 
And  in  case  any  Person  or  Persons  whatsoever  shall  presume  to  disturb, 
Molest  or  resist  you,  or  any  of  the  Officers  or  Persons  by  your  direction, 
in  running  the  said  Line,  and  executing  the  Powers  herein  given  you,  wo 
do  by  these  presents  Give  and  Grant  unto  you,  or  such  of  you  as  shall  be 
attending  the  service  aforesaid,  full  power  &  authority  by  Warrant  under 
your  or  any  of  your  hands  Seals,  to  order  and  command  all  and  every  the 
Militia  Officers  in  our  counties  of  Princess  Anne,  Norfolk,  Nansemond,  & 
Isle  of  Wight,  or  other  the  adjacent  Counties,  together  with  the  Sheriff 
of  each  of  the  said  Counties,  or  either  of  them,  to  raise  the  Militia  & 
posse  of  the  said  Several  Counties,  for  the  removing  all  force  and  opposi- 
tion, which  shall  or  may  be  made  to  you  in  the  due  Execution  of  this  our 
Commission,  &  we  do  hereby  will  and  require,  as  well  the  Officers  of  the 


Appendix  331 

said  militia,  as  all  other  our  OflBcers  &  loving  Subjects  within  the  said 
Counties,  &  all  others  whom  it  may  concern,  to  be  obedient,  aiding  & 
assisting  unto  you  in  all  &  Singular  the  Premises.  And  we  do  in  like 
manner  command  &  require  you,  to  cause  fair  Maps  &  descriptions  of  the 
said  Dividing  Line,  and  the  remarkable  places  through  which  it  shall 
pass,  to  be  made  and  return'd  to  our  Lieut  Governor  or  Commander  in 
Chief  of  our  said  Colony  for  the  time  being,  in  order  to  be  entered  on 
Record  in  the  proper  Offices  within  our  said  Colony.  Provided  that  you  do 
not,  by  colour  of  this  our  Commission,  take  upon  you  or  determine  any 
Private  man's  property,  in  or  to  the  Lands  which  shall  by  the  said  divid- 
ing Line  be  included  within  the  Limits  of  Virginia,  nor  of  any  other  mat- 
ter or  thing  that  doth  not  relate  immediately  to  the  adjusting,  settling  & 
final  Determination  of  the  Boundary  aforesaid,  conformable  to  the  Pro- 
posals hereinbefore  mention'd,  and  not  otherwise.  In  Witness  whereof 
we  have  caused  these  presents  to  be  made.  Witness  our  trusty  and  well 
beloved  William  Gooch,  Esqr.  our  Lieut  Governor  &  Commander  in 
Chief  of  our  Colony  &  Dominion  of  Virginia,  under  the  seal  of  our  said 
Colony,  at  Williamsburg  the  14th  day  of  December,  1727,  in  the  first  Year 
of  our  Reign. 

WILLL\M  GOOCH. 

The  Governor  of  N.  Carolina  s  Commission  in 
Obedience  to  His  Majesty's  Order. 

Sir  Richard  Everard,  Baronet,  Governor,  Captain  General,  Admiral, 
and  Commander  in  Chief  of  the  said  Province:  To  Christopher  Gale, 
Esq.  Chief  Justice,  John  Lovick,  Esqr,,  Secretary,  Edward  Moseley,  Esqr., 
Surveyor  General  &  William  Little,  Esqr.,  Attorney  General,  Greeting: 
Whereas  many  disputes  &  differences  have  formerly  been  between  the  In- 
habitants of  this  province  and  those  of  his  Majesty's  Colony  of  Virginia, 
concerning  the  Boundarys  and  Limits  between  the  said  two  Governments, 
which  having  been  duly  considered  by  Charles  Eden,  Esqr.,  late  Governor 
of  this  Province,  and  Alexander  Spotswood,  Esqr.,  late  Governor  of  Vir- 
ginia, they  agreed  to  certain  proposals  for  determing  the  said  controversy, 
&  humbly  offer'd  the  same  for  his  Majesty's  Royal  Approbation,  and  the 
consent  of  the  true  &  absolute  Lords  Proprietors  of  Carolina,  and  his 
Majesty  having  been  pleas'd  to  signify  his  Royal  approbation  of  those 
proposals  (consent'd  unto  by  the  true  and  absolute  Lords  Proprietors  of 
Carolina)  and  given  directions  for  adjusting  &  settling  the  Boundarys  as 
near  as  may  be  to  the  said  Proposals: 

I,  therefore,  reposing  especial  trust  and  confidence  in  you  the  said 
Christopher  Gale,  John  Lovick,  Edward  Moseley  and  William  Little,  to 
be  Commissioners,  on  the  part  of  the  true  and  absolute  Lords  Proprietors, 
and  that  you  in  conjunction  with  such  Commissioners  as  shall  be  nomi- 
nated for  Virginia,  use  your  utmost  Endeavors,  and  take  all  necessary  care 
in  adjusting  and  settling  the  said  boundarys,  by  drawing  such  a  distinct 


332  History  of  the  Dividing  Line 

Line  or  Lines  of  Division  between  the  said  two  Provinces,  as  near  as  reason- 
able you  can  to  the  Proposals  made  by  the  two  former  Governors,  and 
the  Instructions  herewith  given  you.  Given  at  the  Council  Chamber  in 
Edenton,  under  my  hand,  and  the  Seal  of  the  Colony,  the  21st  day  of 
February,  anno  Dom  1727,^  and  in  the  first  year  of  the  Reign  of  our 
sovereign  Lord,  King  George  the  Second. 

RICHARD  EVERARD. 

The  Protest  of  the  Carolina  Commissioners,  against  our 
Proceeding  on  the  Line  ivithout  them. 

We  the  imderwritten  Commissioners  for  the  Government  of  N.  Caro- 
lina, in  conjunction  with  the  Commissioners  on  the  part  of  Virginia,  hav- 
ing run  the  Line  for  the  division  of  the  two  Colonys  from  Corotuck  In- 
let, to  the  South  Branch  of  Roanoak  River;  being  in  the  whole  about  170 
Miles,  and  near  50  Miles  without  the  Inhabitants,  being  of  Opinion  we 
had  run  Line  as  far  as  would  be  requisite  for  a  long  time.  Judged  the 
carrying  it  farther  would  be  a  needless  charge  and  trouble.  And  the 
Grand  Debate  which  had  so  long  Subsisted  between  the  two  Governments, 
about  Wyanoke  River  or  Creek,  being  settled  at  our  former  meeting  in  the 
Spring,  when  we  were  ready  on  our  parts  to  have  gone  with  the  Line  to 
the  utmost  Inhabitants,  which  if  it  had  been  done,  the  Line  at  any  time 
after  might  have  been  continued  at  an  easy  expense  by  a  Surveyor  on  each 
side;  and  if  at  any  time  hereafter  there  shou'd  be  occasion  to  carry  the 
Line  on  further  than  we  have  now  run  it,  which  we  think  will  not  be  in  an 
Age  or  two,  it  may  be  done  in  the  same  easy  manner,  without  the  great 
Expense  that  now  attends  it.  And  on  the  Conference  of  all  the  Commis- 
sioners, we  have  communicated  our  sentiments  thereon,  and  declar'd  our 
Opinion,  that  we  had  gone  as  far  as  the  Service  required,  and  thought 
proper  to  proceed  no  further;  to  which  it  was  answered  by  the  Commis- 
sioners for  Virginia,  that  they  Should  not  regard  what  we  did,  but  if  we 
desisted,  they  wou'd  proceed  without  us.  But  we,  conceiving  by  his  Maj- 
esty's Order  in  Council  they  were  directed  to  Act  in  conjunction  with  the 
Commissioners  appointed  for  Carolina,  &  having  accordingly  run  the 
Line  jointly  so  far,  and  Exchanged  Plans,  thought  they  cou'd  not  carry  on 
the  Bounds  singly;  but  that  their  proceedings  without  us  wou'd  be  irreg- 
ular &  invalid,  and  that  it  wou'd  be  no  Boundary,  and  thought  proper 
to  enter  our  Dissent  thereto.  Wherefore,  for  the  reasons  aforesaid,  in 
the  name  of  his  Excellency  the  Lord  Palatine,  and  the  rest  of  the  true 
and  absolute  Lords  proprietors  of  Carolina,  we  do  hereby  dissent  and 
Disallow  of  any  further  proceedings  with  the  Bounds  without  our  Con- 
currence, and  pursuant  to  our  Instructions  do  give  this  our  DISSENT  in 
Writing. 

EDWARD  MOSELEY.  C.  GALE. 

WILL  LITTLE.  J.  LOVICK. 

October  7th,  1728. 


'February  21,  1728,  by  New  Style. 


Appendix  333 


The  Answer  of  the  Virginia  Commissioners  to  the  foregoing  protest. 

WHEREAS,  on  the  7th  of  October  last,  a  paper  was  deliver'd  to  us  by 
the  Commissioners  of  N.  Carolina,  in  the  Stile  of  a  Protest,  against  our 
carrying  any  farther,  without  them,  the  dividing  Line  between  the  2  Gov- 
ernments, we,  the  underwritten  Commissioners  on  the  part  of  Virginia, 
having  maturely  considered  the  reasons  offer'd  in  the  said  PROTEST, 
why  those  Gentlemen  retir'd  so  soon  from  that  Service,  beg  leave  to  re- 
turn the  following  answer: 

They  are  pleas'd  in  the  first  place  to  allege,  by  way  of  Reason,  that  hav- 
ing run  the  Line  near  50  Miles  beyond  the  Inhabitants,  it  was  Sufficient 
for  a  long  time,  in  their  Opinion  for  an  Age  or  two.  To  this  we  answer 
that,  by  breaking  off  so  soon,  they  did  but  imperfectly  obey  his  Majesty's 
Order,  assented  to  by  the  Lords  Proprietors.  The  plain  meaning  of  that 
Order  was,  to  ascertain  the  Bounds  betwixt  the  two  Governments  as  far 
towards  the  Mountains  as  we  cou'd,  that  neither  the  King's  Grants  may 
hereafter  encroach  on  the  Lords  Proprietors',  nor  theirs  on  the  Right  of 
his  Majesty.  And  tho  the  distance  towards  the  great  Mountains  be  not 
precisely  determined,  yet  surely  the  West  line  shou'd  be  carry'd  as  near 
them  as  may  be,  that  both  the  King's  Lands  and  those  of  their  Lordships, 
may  be  taken  up  the  faster,  and  that  his  Majesty's  Subjects  may  as  soon  as 
possible  extend  themselves  to  that  Natural  Barrier.  This  they  will  cer- 
tainly do  in  a  few  Years,  when  they  know  distinctly  in  which  Government 
they  may  enter  for  the  Land,  as  they  have  already  done  in  the  more  north- 
ern parts  of  Virginia.  So  that  'tis  Strange  the  Carolina  Commissioners 
should  affirm,  that  the  distance  only  of  50  Miles  above  the  Inhabitants 
wou'd  be  sufficient  to  carry  the  Line  for  an  Age  or  two,  especially  con- 
sidering that,  two  or  three  days  before  the  date  of  their  Protest,  Mr.  Mayo 
had  enter'd  with  them  for  2000  Acres  of  Land,  within  5  Miles  of  the  Place 
where  they  left  off.  Besides,  if  we  reflect  on  the  richness  of  the  soil  in 
those  parts,  &  the  convenience  for  Stock,  we  may  foretell,  without  the  Spirit 
of  Divination,  that  there  will  be  many  Settlements  higher  than  those  Gen- 
tlemen went,  in  less  than  ten  Years,  and  Perhaps  in  half  that  time. 

Another  reason  mention'd  in  the  Protest  for  their  retiring  so  soon  from 
the  Service  is,  that  their  going  farther  wou'd  be  a  needless  charge  and 
Trouble.  And  they  alledge  that  the  rest  may  be  done  by  one  Surveyor 
on  a  side,  in  an  easy  manner,  whenever  it  shall  be  thought  necessary. 

To  this  we  answer,  that  Frugality  for  the  Public  is  a  rare  virtue,  but 
when  the  public  Service  must  suffer  by  it,  it  degenerates  into  a  Vice.  And 
this  will  ever  be  the  Case  when  Gentlemen  Execute  the  orders  of  their 
Superiors  by  halves,  but  had  the  Carolina  Commissioners  been  sincerely 
frugal  for  their  Government,  why  did  they  carry  our  Provisions  Sufficient 
to  support  them  and  their  Men  for  ten  Weeks,  when  they  intended  not  to 
tarry  half  that  time?  This  they  must  own  to  be  true,  since  they  brought 
1000  lbs.  of  Provisions  along  with  them.     Now,  after  so  great  an  Ex- 


334  History  of  the  Dividing  Line 

pence  in  their  preparations,  it  had  been  no  mighty  addition  to  their 
Charge,  had  they  endured  the  Fatigue  5  or  6  Weeks  longer.  It  wou'd 
at  most  have  been  no  more  than  they  must  be  at,  whenever  they  finish 
their  Work,  even  tho  they  shou'd  fancy  it  proper  to  trust  a  matter  of  that 
consequence  to  the  Management  of  one  Surveyor.  Such  a  one  must  have 
a  Number  of  Men  along  with  him,  both  for  his  assistance  and  Defense, 
and  those  Men  must  have  Provisions  to  Support  them. 

These  are  all  the  reasons  these  Gentlemen  think  fit  to  mention  in  their 
protest,  tho  they  had  in  truth  a  more  Powerful  argument  for  retiring  so 
abruptly,  which,  because  they  forgot,  it  will  be  neighbourly  to  help  them 
out.  The  provisions  they  intended  to  bring  along  with  them,  for  want 
of  Horses  to  carry  them,  were  partly  droppt  by  the  way,  &  what  they 
cou'd  bring  was  husbanded  so  ill,  that  after  18  days,  (which  was  the 
whole  time  we  had  then  in  our  Company,)  they  had  no  more  left,  by 
their  own  confession,  than  two  Pounds  of  Biscuit  for  each  Man,  to  carry 
them  home.  However,  tho  this  was  an  unanswerable  Reason  for  Gentle- 
men for  leaving  the  Business  unfinisht,  it  was  none  at  all  for  us,  who  had 
at  that  time  Bread  Sufficient  for  7  Weeks  longer.  Therefore,  lest  their 
want  of  Management  might  put  a  stop  to  his  Majesty's  Service,  &  frus- 
trate his  Royal  intentions,  we  judg'd  it  our  Duty  to  proceed  without  them, 
and  have  extended  the  Dividing  Line  so  far  West  as  to  leave  the  great 
Mountains  on  each  hand  to  the  Eastward  of  us.  And  this  we  have  done 
with  the  same  fidelity  &  exactness  as  if  the  Gentlemen  had  continued  with 
us.  Our  surveyors  (whose  Integrity  I  am  perswaded  they  will  not  call 
in  Question)  continued  to  Act  under  the  same  Oath,  which  they  had  done 
from  the  beginning.  Yet,  notwithstanding  all  this,  if  the  Government  of 
N.  Carolina  shou'd  not  hold  itself  bound  by  that  part  of  the  Line  which 
we  made  without  the  assistance  of  the  Commissioners,  yet  we  shall  have 
this  benefit  in  it  at  least,  that  his  Majesty  will  know  how  far  his  Lands 
reach  towards  the  South,  &  consequently  where  his  Subjects  may  take  it 
up,  &  how  far  they  may  be  granted  without  Injustice  to  the  Lords  Pro- 
prietors. To  this  we  may  also  add,  that  having  the  Authority  of  our 
Commission  to  act  without  the  Commissioners  of  Carolina,  in  Case  of 
their  disagreement  or  refusal,  we  thought  ourselves  bound  upon  their  Re- 
treat to  finish  the  Line  without  them,  lest  his  Majesty's  Service  might  Suf- 
fer by  any  honour  or  neglect  on  their  part. 

WILLIAM  DANDRIDGE.  W.  BYRD. 

The  Names  of  the  Commissioners  to  direct  the  running  of  the  Line 
between  Virginia  and  North  Carolina. 

WILLIAM  BYRD,  WILLIAM  DANDRIDGE, 

RICH'D  FITZ-WILLIAM, 

Esqrs. 
Commissioners  for  Virginia. 


Appendix 


335 


CHRISTOPHER  GALE, 
JOHN  LOVEWICK, 


ALEX'R  mVIN, 
EDW'D  MOSELEY, 


EDWARD  MOSELEY, 
W'M  LITTLE, 

Esqrs. 
Commissioners  for  Carolina. 

WILLIAM  MAYO, 
Surveyors  for  Virginia. 

SAM'LL  SWAN, 
Surveyors  for  N.  Carolina. 

THE  REV'D  PETER  FOUNTAIN,  Chaplain. 


Names  of  the  Men  employ  d  on  the  part  of  Virginia  to  run  the  Line 
between  that  Colony  and  N.  Carolina. 


On 

the  first  expedition. 

On  the  2nd  expedition 

1. 

Peter  Jones, 

Peter  Jones, 

2. 

Thomas  Jones, 

Thomas  Jones, 

3. 

Thomas  Short, 

Thomas  Short, 

4. 

Robert  Hix, 

Robert  Hix, 

5. 

John  Evans, 

John  Evans, 

6. 

Stevens  Evans, 

Stephen  Evans, 

7. 

John  Ellis, 

John  Ellis, 

8. 

John  Ellis,  Jr. 

John   Ellis,   Jr., 

9. 

Thomas   Wilson. 

Thomas  Wilson, 

10. 

George  Tilman, 

George  Tilman, 

IL 

Charles  Kimbal, 

Charles  Kimbal, 

12. 

George  Hamilton, 

George  Hamilton, 

13. 

Robert  Allen, 

Thomas  Jones,  Junr. 

14. 

Thomas  Jones,  Junr. 

James  Petillo, 

15. 

James  Petillo, 

Rich'd  Smith, 

16. 

Richard  Smith, 

Abraham  Jones, 

17. 

John  Rice, 

Edward  Powell, 
William  Pool, 
William  Calvert, 
James  Whitlock, 
Thomas  Page. 

Account  of  the  Expence  of  running  the  Line  between 
Virginia,  and  N.  Carolina. 

To  the  Men's  Wages  in  Current  Money 227  10     0^ 

To  Sundry  Disbursements  for  Provisions,  &c 174  01     6 

To  Paid  the  Men  for  7  Horses  lost 44     0     0 


^  There  is  an  error  in  the  sum  of  these  figures. 


336  Appendix 

The  Sum  of  £495  11  6  Current  Money £495  11 


reduc't  at  15  Per  Cent  to  Sterling  amounts  to £430  08  10 

To  Paid  to  colo  Byrd 142  5  7 

To  paid  to  colo  Dandridge 142  5  7 

T  paid  to  Mr.  Fitz-William 94  0  0 

To  paid  to  the  Chapdain,  Mr.  Fountain 20  0  0 

To  paid  to  Mr.  William  Mayo 75  0  0 

To  paid  to  Mr.  Alex  Irvin 75  0  0 

To  paid  for  a  Tent  and  Marquis 20  0  0 


£1000     0     0 


This  Summ  was  discharg'd  by  a  Warrant  out  of  His  Majesty's  Quitrents 
from  the  Lands  in  Virginia. 


INDEX 


Akehurst,  Daniel,  xvi. 

Allen,    John,    Gent.,    ("Capricorn") ,    15, 

30,  31. 
Allen,  Widow,  32,  33. 
Alligator,  300,  302. 
Alston,  Major,  77,  89. 
Ambergris,  278. 

American  Philosophical   Society,   16. 
Anderson,  Charles,  108. 
Andros,  Edmund,  6. 
Angelica,    188. 
Aramanchy  River,  300. 
Argall,  Sir  Samuel,  7. 
"Arsmart,  Dr.,"  31. 
"Astrolabe,"  see  Mayo,  William. 
Asarabaca,  162. 


B 


Bainford,  Epaphroditus,  156,  157. 

Baker,  Mr.,  35,  79. 

Baker,  Captain,  77,  89,  105,  107. 

Ballance,  Mr.,  58,  59. 

Banister,  John,  129. 

Banister  River,  xii. 

Bear,  196,  197. 

Bearskin  (Indian)    198-203,  306. 

Beaver,  292. 

Bladen,   Martin,   52. 

Blair,  James  ("Burly"),  xi,  15,  131. 

Blewing  Creek,  112,  113. 

Bolton's  Ferry,  112,  113. 

Bombo,  92. 

"Bo-otes,"  see  Swann,  Samuel 

Boston,  5. 

Boundary   Line,   see   Dividing   Line. 

Boush,   Samuel,   37. 

Boyle,  Robert,  118. 

Brandon,  xiv. 

Brinkley,  Mr.,  82. 

Brinkley,  Peter,  90,   101. 

Buffalo,  286,  288. 

Buffalo  Creek,  176,  284. 


"Burly,"  see  Blair,  Rev.  James. 

Burnet,  Bishop,  312. 

Byrd,    Mary    Willing,    xiv. 

Byrd,  Susan,  xxii. 

Byrd,  WiUiam  ("Steddy")  dissension 
with  members  of  the  boundary  com- 
mission, xxi;  sketch  of,  xxii  ffffi 
Lands  of,  xxiii;  literary  works,  xxv, 
and  slavery,  ibid;  speeches  of,  31, 
63,  123,  299;  account  of  expedition, 
125;  address  to  Governor  Gooch, 
135. 

Byrd,  Ursula,  xxii. 


Cabin  Branch,  154,  155. 

Cane  Creek,  192,  193. 

"Capricorn,"  s«e  Allen  John. 

Chestnuts,  197. 

Qiff  Creek,  276,  277. 

Carolina,  charter  of,   10,  322. 

Casquade  Creek,  209,  210,  213,  264,  265. 

Catawba  Indians,  300. 

Catesby,  Mark,  xiii. 

Cherokee   Indians,   244,   246. 

Christanna,  Fort,   160,  310,  311. 

Cargill,  Cornelius,  309. 

Chowan   River,   xviii,   104,   106. 

Church,  at  Jamestown,  3. 

Church  of   England,   in  North  Carolina, 

72n. 
Cohungaroota,  240. 
Cohunks,  206. 
CoUeson,  Peter,  xiii. 
Colonization,    English,   sketch    of,    1-10. 
Colts-foot,  178. 
Connecticut,    charter   of,   5. 
Contentnea  Creek,  290. 
Coratuck  Inlet,  xviii,  41,  42. 
Corn,  Indian,  92. 
Cotton,  66. 
Crane  Creek,  300. 
Cranes,  190. 
Crawford,   William,   34,   35. 


338 


Index 


Crooked  Creek,  228,  229,  230,  231,  248, 
249,  250. 


D 


Dalicaria,   8. 

Dandridge,  William,  ("Meanwell"),  ix, 
xi,  xii,  xviii,  sketch  of  15n,  67; 
ill,  93,  95;  quarrels  with  Fitz-Wil- 
liam,  99,  173,  175,  177. 

Dan   River,   193,   194,   195. 

Debtor  laws,  58n. 

Dismal  Swamp,  xx,  xxiv;  commission  ap- 
proaches, 60;  preparations  to  enter, 
62-64;  description  of,  70,  84-87;  line 
completed    through,   98. 

Dittany,   276. 

Dividing  Line  (between  North  Carolina 
and  Virginia)  ;  origin  and  history  of 
controversy,  xiv  ff;  commission  of 
1728,  12-17;  begins  survey,  44-47; 
map,  110-111;  resumes  work,  139; 
North  Carolina  members  leave,  176; 
their  protest,  177,  332;  reply  of  Vir- 
ginia commissioners,  179;  names  of 
employees,  319,  334;  expenses  of, 
319,  335 ;  table  of  distances,  321 ;  sur- 
vey of  1710,  324;  agreement  of  1715, 
328;  order  of  the  Crown  and  the 
Virginia  instructions,  329;  the  North 
Carolina  instructions,  331;  see  also 
History  of  the  Dividing  Line  and 
Secret  History  of  the  Line. 

Dogwood,   143. 

Dosier   Island,   46,   47,   48. 

Draper,   Lyman   C.   xiv. 

Dukes,  Andrew,  40,  41. 


Eden,  Sir  Charles,  xviii,  12,  13,  329. 

Edenton,  92,  93,  94,  96. 

Elk,  236. 

Embry,  Captain,  313,  314. 

Everard,  Sir  Richard,  16,  17,  19,  332. 

Eyland,  Mr.,  52. 


Fences,  in   North   Carolina,   94. 
Fern-root,    158. 


"Firebrand,"    see    Fitz- William,    Richard. 

Fitz-William,  Richard,  ix,  xi,  xii,  xviii, 
sketch  of,  15n;  orders  meal,  41;  a 
source  of  friction,  55,  57;  familiar 
with  woman,  59;  forwards  baggage, 
65;  angers  employee,  75;  dissension 
with  Byrd,  89;  "flirt  at  Robin  Hix," 
91;  associates  with  Irvine,  93,  and 
Lovick,  107;  words  with  Dandridge, 
99;  with  Byrd,  101,  103;  for  carry- 
ing on  line,  109;  criticizes  Byrd, 
125,  131,  133;  jealousy  of  Byrd,  153; 
opposes  continuance  of  survey,  171; 
quarrels  with  Dandridge,  173,  175, 
177;  leaves  the  survey,  174,  176,  177. 

Fontaine,  Rev.  Peter  ("'Dr.  Humdrum") 
ix,  xiv,  sketch  of  17n;  joviality  of, 
33;  hopes  of  christening,  41;  merry, 
71;  goes  to  Edenton,  92;  returns, 
100,  101;  subject  of  mirth.  111; 
peevish,  281. 

Fountain   Creek,   148,  152,   154,  155. 

Foxes,  94. 


Gale,   Christopher,    (-'Jumble")    ix,  xviii, 

sketch  of,  17n;  43,  78,  145,  169. 
Gale,  Edmund,   77. 
Gallbush,  34,  60. 
Genneau,    Captain,    77. 
Georgia,  Indian  trade  of,  246. 
Gibbs,  John,  52. 
Ginseng,   272,   274. 
Glue-broth,  254. 
Godwin,  Mr.,  34  . 
Godding,  Thomas,  35. 
Gooch,  Governor,  xi,  12,  135,  139. 
Gout,  treatment  of,  242. 
Grapes,   194,   196,   197,  216. 
Great  Creek,  298,  299. 
Griffin,  Charles,  118. 


H 


Harding,  William,  46,  47. 

Harrison,   Henry,    123,    143. 

Harrison,  Nathaniel,    ("Merryman") ,   13. 

Haw-oldfields,  298. 

Hawtree  Creek,  160,  161. 

Heath,  John,  50. 


Index 


339 


Hico  River,  168,  169,  172,  176,  286. 

Hill,  John,  148,   149. 

Hipocoanah,   62. 

History   of   the    Dividing   Line,    contrast 

with    the    Secret    History,    xii,    xiii; 

literary  origins,   xiii. 
Hix,   Robin,   103,   155,  157. 
Hix's   Creek,   176,   177. 
Hixe,   George,  308. 
Horses,  unfit  for  frontier,  258,  260. 
Horsmanden,  Mary,  xxii. 
Houses,   in   North   Carolina,   94,   95. 
"Humdrum,     Dr.,"    see     Fontaine,    Rev. 

Peter. 
Hunting  with  fire,  284,  285,  286. 


Indians,  Byrd  on  intermarriage  with,  3; 
school  for,  118;  superstition  of,  178; 
religion  of,  198-203;  endurance  of, 
202,  204;  hostility  of  Northern  and 
Southern,  218;  cruelty  of,  220,  221; 
fortitude  of,  222;  trade  with,  246; 
manner  of  traveling,  266;  of  dress- 
ing deerskins,  274;  dress  of,  286; 
see  also  Bearskin,  Catawbas,  Occo- 
neechi,  Sapponi,  Sauro,  Steuenhock, 
Tuscarora,  Tutero,  Usheree. 

Irvine,  Alexander,  ("Orion")  ix,  x,  xi, 
xviii,  14;  sketch  of,  33n;  relies  on 
North  Carolina  surveyors,  49;  Byrd's 
opinion  of,  ibid;  disheartened,  61; 
peeved,  87;  associates  with  Fitz- 
William,  93;  assisted  by  Joseph 
Mayo,  103;  complaint  regarding 
Byrd,  125,  127;  reconciled,  145;  pre- 
fers Swann  to  Mayo,  161;  delicate 
constitution,  223. 

Ivy,  John,  69. 

Ivey,   Timothy,  66. 


Jamestown,   church   and   tavern   at,    3. 
"Jimible,"  Judge,   see  Gale,   Christopher. 

K 

Keith,   Cornelius,  304,  305. 
Kiawan  Mountain,  244. 


Knott's   Island,   41,   47,   48,   49,   50. 
Kinchen,  William,  110,  111,  144. 
Kindred,  Mr.,  112,  113. 


Land  of  Eden,  268. 

Laurel,  wild,  46. 

Lawson,  John,  106,  108. 

Little,  William  ("Puzzle-Cause"),  ix, 
xviii;  sketch  of,  17n;  late  arrival,  43; 
searches  for  surveyors,  57;  a  gallant, 
67;  visits  Edenton,  79,  92,  93;  tardy, 
145;  certifies  to  quarrel  of  Fitz-Wil- 
liam  and  Dandridge,  185;  in  panic, 
147. 

Little  River,  84. 

Lizzard  Creek,  154. 

Long    Sugar,    92. 

Louse,  64. 

Lovers    Leap,    232,    244. 

Lovick,  John  ("Shoebrush") ,  ix,  x,  xviii; 
sketch  of,  17n;  late  arrival,  45;  char- 
acter, 47;  visits  Edenton,  89;  with 
Fitz- William,  107;  spokesman  of 
North  Carolina  commissioners,  169; 
in  danger,  17( 

Lovick,  Thomas, 

Lowland  Creek,  266. 

M 

Maiden   hair,   178. 

Marston,  (Marsden),  Rev.  Richard,  38, 
39. 

Maryland,  colonization   of,   7. 

Massamory  Creek,  266. 

Matrimony  Creek,  214,  215,  256,  257. 

Mayo,  William  ("Astrolabe"),  ix,  x,  xi, 
xix,  14,  15n;  consulted,  27;  slighted 
by  Irvine,  49;  and  by  Fitz- William, 
55;  informs  Byrd  concerning  Irvine, 
87;  in  Dismal  Swamp,  89-90;  dis- 
sension over,  99;  accused  of  inef- 
ficiency, 127;  joins  Byrd,  141;  Irvine 
complains  of,  161;  horse  falls,  207; 
resourceful,  223;  chases  a  bear,  227; 
reads  aloud,  243;  Byrd's  estimate 
of,  318. 

Mayo,  Joseph,  31,  45,  100,  103. 

Mayo  River,  226,  227. 


340 


Index 


Maycox   Plantation,    141n. 

Mead,  Andrew,  68,  69,  78,  83. 

"Meanwell,"  see  Dandridge,  William. 

Meherrin  Indians,  106,  107. 

Meherrin  River,  106,  107,  108,  109,  112, 
148,   150. 

Merchant,  Willoughby,  52,  53. 

"Merryman,"     see     Harrison,    Nathaniel 

Miry  Creek,  226,  227. 

Moniseep    Ford,    158,   304. 

Moratuck,   290. 

Moseley,  Edward  ("'Plausible"),  ix, 
xviii,  ii,  16;  sketch  of,  17n;  con- 
sulted by  Byrd,  45,  46,  47;  visits 
Edenton,  89;  as  surveyor,  100,  101; 
spokesman,   129;    signs   protest,   177. 

Mosquitoes,  50,  74. 

Moss,   Mr.,   51. 

Mountains,  view  of,  194,  224,  228,  232, 
236,    237,    244,    245,    247,   248,   249. 

Munford,  Robert,  157,  158,  298,  299,  305, 
306,  318. 

Music,   power   of   282,   284. 


N 


Nansemond   River,   68,   80,   86. 

Nauvassa,  300. 

New  Church,  29,  123,  143. 

New  England,  colonization  of,  4-6; 
Byrd's  opinion  of,  5;  traders  from, 
42. 

New    Jersey,    colonization    of,    8. 

Newton,  Colonel  George,  37. 

New  York,  colonization  of,  7. 

Norfolk,  description  of,  36. 

North  Carolina,  settlement  of,  10;  boun- 
dary controversy,  11,  12;  commis- 
sion to  settle,  13,  14,  15,  16;  let- 
ter of,  25;  contention  of,  45;  pro- 
visions for,  144,  148,  158;  refuses 
to  proceed,  168,  169,  176;  protest 
of,  177,  332;  society  in,  40,  41,  50, 
52,  54,  55,  56,  58,  66,  68,  90,  92,  96, 
98,  110,  304;  cattle  in,  54;  lawless- 
ness in,  58,  104;  marriage  in,  72, 
74,  102;  religion  in,  68,  72,  74,  96. 

North  River,  84. 

Northern   Creek,  55,  59. 

Northwest  River,  40,  41. 


Nottoway  Indians,  Byrd  meets,  112,  113; 

their    fort,    114;    entertainment    by, 

115;     customs,     116;     school,     118; 

description  of,  120;  Eissociation  with, 

123. 
Nottoway   River,   x,   xi,   xvii,   xviii;    106, 

112,  113,  326. 
Nova  Scotia   (New  Scotland),  6. 
Nutbush   Creek,    162,    163. 


0 


Occoneechi   Indians,    308,    312. 

Ohimpanny  Creek,  164,  165,  292,  293. 

Opossum,  248,  250. 

Orchards,  94,  110. 

O'Shields,  Mr.  77,  81,   103. 

Otter,  296. 

Oysters,  44,  45. 


Paco,  266. 

Panther,   212,   214. 

Parker,  Mr.,  102,  105,  113,  143. 

Partridge  Mountain,  190. 

Pasquotank   River,   84. 

Peak,   Indian,   42,   114. 

Penn,  William,  scandalous  story  of,  9. 

Pennsylvania,  colonization  of,  9. 

Perquimons    River,    84. 

Peters    Creek,    xxi. 

Pigeons,    212,    214. 

Pigeon  Roost  Creek,  154. 

"Plausible,"    see    Moseley,    Edward. 

Pocosin,  56,  57. 

Polecat,  316. 

Pork  Diet  in  North  Carolina,  54,  55. 

Powder  Point,  38,  .39. 

Prescott's   Landing,   38. 

Pugh,  Mr.  67,  69,   77. 

"Puzzlecause,"   see   Little,  William. 


Quakers,  9,  68. 
Quern-stones,  304. 


R 


Raccoons,  230. 


Kl<ui«k  /~«^^;m«  I  likr^rvj  ^AnfMni<ciAn 


Index 


341 


Rackpunch,   143. 

Rattlesnake,    110,    152,    153,    158. 

Rattlesnake  root,   152,   155,   160,  242. 

Ravenscroft  Landing,   141. 

Red-ochre,  164. 

Religion  in  North  Carolina,  72. 

Rice,  John,  33. 

Riley,  Miles,  306. 

Roanoke  River,  154,   156,  157,  191,  192, 

318. 
Rockhominy,   202,   254. 
Rum,    92. 


Sable  Creek,  204,  205,  268,  269. 

Saint  Andrew's  Cross,  154. 

Santa   Barbara,   242. 

Sappony  Chapel,  316. 

Sappony  Indians,  159,  160,  308,  310,  311. 

Sauro    (Cheraw)    Indians,   208,    209. 

Scalping,  220,  308. 

Secret  History  of  the  Line,  comparison 
with  the  History  of  the  Dividing 
Line,  ix-xiii. 

Sessamun,    272. 

Sheep,  48,  150. 

"Shoebrush,"   see    Lovick,   John. 

Shenandoah  River,  240. 

Smith,  Sam,  37. 

Sommerton  Chapel,  104. 

Southall,   Sir   Robert,  xxii. 

Speight   (Spight),  WiUiam,  75,  104,  105. 

Spotswood,  Alexander,  xxiii,  12,  13,  18, 
120. 

Stargrass,  152. 

Staunton    River,   193. 

"Steddy,"  see  Byrd,  William. 

Stegg,  Thomas,  xxii. 

Steuenhock   Indians,   310. 

Stith,   Drury,   147,   149. 

Sugar    Tree    Creek,    166,    167,   286,    287 

Sunday,  observance  of,  200,  260,  261,  262 

Swann,  Samuel  ("Bo-otes"),  ix,  xix,  16 
arrival  of,  42,  43;  sketch  of,  43n 
brings  news,  81,  82;  returns  to  Dis 
mal  Swamp,  90;  marriage,  100 
leaves  the  survey,  ibid;  returns,  146 
ill,  163;  kills  deer,  169. 

Sweden,  intolerance  in,  8. 

Sweetgum  tree,  216,  278. 


Tar,  90. 

Tarantism,  282,  284. 

Terrapine,   278. 

Tewhominy  Creek,  166,  167,  287,  290. 

Tobacco,  in  North  Carolina,  xvii;  quality 

of,  68;   Virginia  law  concerning  80, 

103. 
Totero   Indians,  310,   312. 
Trade,   Indian,    298. 
Trading    Path,    160,    298,    299. 
Turkey,  wild,  150,  151,  198,  199,  238. 
Turpentine,  102. 
Tuscarora   Indians,   290,  292. 


U 


Usheree  Indians,  300. 


Virginia,  colonization  of,  2-4;  horseback 
riding  in,  258;  commission  to  es- 
tablish boundary,  12,  13;  letters  of 
commission,  21,  27;  provisions,  28; 
arrival  at  Currituck,  41,  42;  decide 
to  continue  line,  168;  return,  234, 
235,  238;  accident,  236,  237;  au- 
thorization of,  239;  reply  to  North 
Carolina  protest,  233;  names  of  em. 
ployees,  29,  335;  expenses,  335. 

W 

Walker,  Henderson,  xvi. 
Warren's  Mill,  29,  123. 
Weyanoke,   xvii,    xviii,   xxi;    10,    11,    12, 

260,  262,  263. 
White,   Soloman,  51. 
Wicocon    Creek  xvii,    10,    11. 
Wilson,   Willis,   39,   40,   41,   49,   55,   61, 

62,  64,  67. 
Williams,  William,  37. 
Women,  mistreatment  of  xii,  53,  57,  67, 

91,  149. 


Yadkin   River,   300. 

Yapatsco  Creek,  164,  165,  292,  293,  294. 

Yapon   Tree,   42. 

Yaws,  14. 


■-^STATE  LIBRARY  OF  NORTH  CAROLINA 


3  3091  00747  2111 


Date 

Due 

JunrSSlf 

8sd23  5s; 

SEP  1  2  '55 

3V.ir,2  3  1S8ft 

JUL  1 C 191 

I'j 

nm  \^m 

l« 

AUG  1^ 

1966 

OFO      3  1 

96' 

AUG  1  5  1 

)68' 

nCT  2«  ^^^ 

J 

MAY  2  7  1«i 

OCT   2  4 

]'^7'^ 

f^Tf          ■ 

■Q  T' 

Library  Bureau  Gat.  no.  1137 


