TEXT: John White, 'The fift voyage of M. Iohn White into the West Indies and parts of America called Virginia, in the yeere 1590' (Hakluyt 1600, vol. III, pp. 288-295)
GOLDSMID SECTION: XXXIII (Gutenberg #25645 file lines 14023-14572)
SOURCE EDITION: Richard Hakluyt, The Principal Navigations, Voyages, Traffiques and Discoveries of the English Nation, ed. Edmund Goldsmid, vol. XIII 'America, Part II' (Edinburgh: E. & G. Goldsmid, 1889), text as transcribed by Project Gutenberg eBook #25645 (release 2008-05-29, updated 2020-06-20). Goldsmid reprints the text of the 1600 edition (vol. III) with original spelling (u/v, i/j as printed); Hakluyt's marginal notes are given as bracketed (Mnnn) references and Goldsmid's footnotes as (nnn) numbers.
URL FETCHED: https://www.gutenberg.org/cache/epub/25645/pg25645.txt  (also https://www.gutenberg.org/files/25645/25645-8.txt)
DATE FETCHED: 2026-09-14
1600-EDITION PAGE NUMBERS: taken from the '[III. nnn.]' markers in the MacLehose edition (Glasgow 1904, vol. VIII), archive.org id principalnavigat08hakl, which reproduces the 1600 pagination; see maclehose1904_vol8_virginia_section.txt in this folder.
==============================================================================

XXXIII. The fift voyage of M. Iohn White into the West Indies and parts of
America called Virginia, in the yeere 1590.


The 20 of March the three shippes the Hopewell, the Iohn Euangelist, and
the little Iohn, put to sea from Plymmouth with two small Shallops.

The 25 at midnight both our Shallops were sunke being towed at the ships
stearnes by the Boatswaines negligence.

On the 30 we saw a head vs that part of the coast of Barbary, lying East
of Cape Cantyn, and the Bay of Asaphi.

The next day we came to the Ile of Mogador, where rode, at our passing by,
a Pinnesse of London called the Mooneshine.



Aprill.


On the first of Aprill we ankored in Santa Cruz rode, where we found two
great shippes of London lading in Sugar, of whom we had 2 shipboats to
supply the losse of our Shalops.

On the 2 we set sayle from the rode of Santa Cruz for the Canaries.

On Saturday the 4 we saw Alegranza, the East Ile of the Canaries.

On Sunday the 5 of Aprill we gaue chase to a double flyboat, the which, we
also the same day fought with, and tooke her, with losse of three of their
men slaine, and one hurt.

On Munday the 6 we saw Grand Canarie, and the next day we landed and tooke
in fresh water on the Southside thereof.

On the 9. we departed from Grand Canary, and framed our course for
Dominica.

The last of Aprill we saw Dominica, and the same night we came to an anker
on the Southside thereof.



May.


The first of May in the morning many of the Saluages came aboord our ships
in their Canowes, and did traffique with vs; we also the same day landed
and entered their Towne from whence we returned the same day aboord
without any resistance of the Saluages; or any offence done to them.

The 2 of May our Admirall and our Pinnesse departed from Dominica leauing
the Iohn our Viceadmirall playing off and on about Dominica, hoping to
take some Spaniard outwardes bound to the Indies; the same night we had
sight of three small Ilands called Los Santos, leauing Guadeloupe and them
on our starboord.

The 3 we had sight of S. Christophers Iland, bearing Northeast and by East
off vs.

On the 4 we sayled by the Virgines, which are many broken Ilands, lying at
the East ende of S. Iohns Iland: and the same day towards euening we
landed vpon one of them called Blanca, where we killed an incredible
number of foules: here we stayed but three houres, and from thence stood
into the shore Northwest, and hauing brought this Iland Southeast off vs,
we put towards night thorow an opening or swatch, called The passage,
lying betweene the Virgines, and the East end of S. Iohn: here the
Pinnesse left vs, and sayled on the South side of S. Iohn.

The 5 and 6 the Admirall sayled along the North side of S. Iohn, so neere
the shore that the Spaniards discerned vs to be men of warre; and
therefore made fires along the coast as we sailed by, for so their custome
is, when they see any men of warre on their coasts.

The 7 we landed on the Northwest end of S. Iohn, where we watered in a
good riuer called Yaguana, and the same night following we tooke a Frigate
of tenne Tunne comming from Gwathanelo laden with hides and ginger. In
this place Pedro a Mollato, who knewe all our state ranne from vs to the
Spaniards.

On the 9 we departed from Yaguana.

The 13 we landed on an Iland called Mona; whereon were 10 or 12 houses
inhabited of the Spaniards; these we burned and tooke from them a
Pinnesse, which they had drawen a ground and sunke, and caried all her
sayles, mastes, and rudders into the woods, because we should not take him
away; we also chased the Spaniards ouer all the Iland; but they hid them
in caues, hollow rockes, and bushes, so that we could not find them.

On the 14 we departed from Mona, and the next day after wee came to an
Iland called Saona, about 5 leagues distant from Mona, lying on the
Southside of Hispaniola neere the East end: betweene these two Ilands we
lay off and on 4 or 5 dayes, hoping to take some of the Domingo fleete
doubling this Iland, as a neerer way to Spaine then by Cape Tyburon, or by
Cape S. Anthony.

On Thursday being the 19 our Viceadmirall, from whom we departed at
Dominica, came to vs at Saona, with whom we left a Spanish Frigate, and
appointed him to lie off and on other fiue daies betweene Saona and Mona
to the ende aforesaid; then we departed from them at Saona for Cape
Tyburon. Here I was enformed that our men of the Viceadmirall, at their
departure from Dominica brought away two young Saluages, which were the
chiefe Casiques sonnes of that Countrey and part of Dominica, but they
shortly after ran away from them at Santa Cruz Iland, where the
Viceadmirall landed to take in ballast.

On the 21 the Admirall came to the Cape Tyburon, where we found the Iohn
Euangelist our Pinnesse staying for vs: here we tooke in two Spaniards
almost starued on the shore, who made a fire to our ships as we passed by.
Those places for an 100 miles in length are nothing els but a desolate and
meere wildernesse, without any habitation of people, and full of wilde
Bulles and Bores, and great Serpents.

The 22 our Pinnesse came also to an anker in Aligato Bay at cape Tyburon.
Here we vnderstood of M. Lane, Captaine of the Pinnesse; how he was set
vpon with one of the kings Gallies belonging to Santo Domingo, which was
manned with 400 men, who after he had fought with him 3 or 4 houres, gaue
ouer the fight and forsooke him, without any great hurt done on eyther
part.

The 26 the Iohn our Vizeadmirall came to vs to cape Tyburon and the Frigat
which we left with him at Saona. This was the appointed place where we
should attend for the meeting with the Santo Domingo Fleete.

On Whitsunday Euen at Cape Tyburon one of our boyes ranne away from vs,
and at tenne dayes end returned to our ships almost starued for want of
food. In sundry places about this part of Cape Tyburon we found the bones
and carkases of diuers men, who had perished (as wee thought) by famine in
those woods, being either stragled from their company, or landed there by
some men of warre.



Iune.


On the 14 of Iune we tooke a smal Spanish frigat which fell amongst vs so
suddenly, as he doubled the point at the Bay of Cape Tyburon, where we
road, so that he could not escape vs. This frigat came from Santo Domingo,
and had but three men in her, the one was an expert Pilot, the other a
Mountainer, and the thirde a Vintener, who escaped all of prison at Santo
Domingo, purposing to fly to Yaguana which is a towne in the West parts of
Hispaniola where many fugitiue Spaniards are gathered together.

The 17 being Wednesday Captaine Lane was sent to Yaguana with his Pinnesse
and a Frigat to take a shippe, which was there taking in fraight, as we
vnderstood by the old Pylot, whom we had taken three dayes before.

The 24 the Frigat returned from Captaine Lane at Yaguana, and brought vs
word to cape Tyburon, that Captaine Lane had taken the shippe, with many
passengers and Negroes in the same; which proued not so rich a prize as we
hoped for, for that a Frenchman of warre had taken and spoyled her before
we came. Neuerthelesse her loading was thought worth 1000 or 1300 pounds,
being hides, ginger, Cannafistula, Copper-pannes, and Casaui.



Iuly.


The second of Iuly Edward Spicer whom we left in England came to vs at
cape Tyburon, accompanied with a small Pinnesse, whereof one M. Harps was
Captaine. And the same day we had sight of a fleete of 14 saile all of
Santo Domingo, to whom we presently gaue chase, but they vpon the first
sight of vs fled, and separating themselues scattered here and there:
Wherefore we were forced to diuide our selues and so made after them
vntill 12 of the clocke at night. (M319) But then by reason of the
darkenesse we lost sight of ech other, yet in the end the Admirall and the
Moonelight happened to be together the same night at the fetching vp of
the Vizadmirall of the Spanish fleete, against whom the next morning we
fought and tooke him, with losse of one of our men and two hurt, and of
theirs 4 slaine and 6 hurt. But what was become of our Viceadmirall, our
Pinnesse, and Prize, and two Frigates, in all this time, we were ignorant.

The 3 of Iuly we spent about rifling, romaging, and fitting the Prize to
be sayled with vs.

The 6 of Iuly we saw Iamayca the which we left on our larboord, keeping
Cuba in sight on our starboord.

Vpon the 8 of Iuly we saw the Iland of Pinos, which lieth on the Southside
of Cuba nigh vnto the West end or Cape called Cape S. Anthony. And the
same day we gaue chase to a Frigat, but at night we lost sight of her,
partly by the slow sayling of our Admirall, and lacke of the Moonelight
our Pinnesse, whom Captaine Cooke had sent to the Cape the day before.

On the 11 we came to Cape S. Anthony, where we found our consort the
Moonelight and her Pinnesse abiding for our comming, of whom we vnderstood
that the day before there passed by them 22 saile, some of them of the
burden of 300 and some 400 tunnes loaden with the Kings treasure from the
maine, bound for Hauana: from this 11 of Iuly vntill 22 we were much
becalmed: and the winde being very scarse, and the weather exceeding hoat,
we were much pestered with the Spaniards we had taken: wherefore we were
driuen to land all the Spaniards sauing three, but the place where we
landed them was of their owne choise on the Southside of Cuba neere vnto
the Organes and Rio de Puercos.

The 23 we had sight of the Cape of Florida, and the broken Ilands thereof
called the Martires.(106)

The 25 being S. James day in the morning, we fell in with the Matanças, a
head-land 8 leagues towards the East of Hauana, where we purposed to take
fresh water in, and make our abode two or three dayes.

On Sunday the 26 of Iuly plying to and fro betweene the Matanças and
Hauana, we were espied of three small Pinasses of S. Iohn de Vilua bound
for Hauana exceedingly richly loaden. These 3 Pinasses came very boldly vp
vnto vs, and so continued vntill they came within musket shot of vs. And
we supposed them to be Captaine Harps Pinnesse, and two small Frigats
taken by Captaine Harpe: wherefore we shewed our flag. But they presently
vpon the sight of it turned about and made all the saile they could from
vs toward the shore, and kept themselues in so shallow water, that we were
not able to follow them, and therefore gaue them ouer with expence of shot
and pouder to no purpose. But if we had not so rashly set out our flagge,
we might haue taken them all three, for they would not haue knowen vs
before they had beene in our hands. This chase brought vs so far to
leeward as Hauana: wherfore not finding any of our consorts at the
Matanças, we put ouer againe to the cape of Florida, and from thence
thorow the chanel of Bahama.

On the 28 the Cape of Florida bare West of vs.

(M320) The 30 we lost sight of the coast of Florida, and stood to Sea for
to gaine the helpe of the current which runneth much swifter a farre off
then in sight of the coast.(107) For from the Cape to Virginia all along
the shore are none but eddie currents, setting to the South and Southwest.

The 31 our three ships were clearely disbocked, the great prize, the
Admirall, and the Mooneshine, but our prize being thus disbocked departed
from vs without taking leaue of our Admirall or consort, and sayled
directly for England.



August.


On the first of August the winde scanted, and from thence forward we had
very fowl weather with much raine, thundering, and great spouts, which
fell round about vs nigh vnto our ships.

The 3 we stoode againe in for the shore, and at midday we tooke the height
of the same. The height of that place we found to be 34 degrees of
latitude. Towards night we were within three leagues of the Low sandie
Ilands West of Wokokon. But the weather continued so exceeding foule, that
we could not come to an anker nye the coast: wherefore we stood off againe
to Sea vntill Monday the 9 of August.

On Munday the storme ceased, and we had very great likelihood of faire
weather: therefore we stood in againe for the shore: and came to an anker
at 11 fadome in 35 degrees of latitude, within a mile of the shore, where
we went on land on the narrow sandy Island, being one of the Ilandes, West
of Wokokon: in this Iland we tooke in some fresh water and caught great
store of fish in the shallow water. Betweene the maine (as we supposed)
and that Iland it was but a mile ouer and three or foure foote deepe in
most places.

On the 12 in the morning we departed from thence and toward night we came
to an anker at the Northeast end of the Iland of Croatoan, by reason of a
breach which we perceiued to lie out two or three leagues into the Sea:
here we road all that night.

(M321) The 13 in the morning before we wayed our ankers, our boates were
sent to sound ouer this breach: our ships riding on the side thereof at 5
fadome; and a ships length from vs we found but 4 and a quarter, and then
deeping and shallowing for the space of two miles, so that sometimes we
found 5 fadome, and by and by 7, and within two casts with the lead 9, and
then 8, next cast 5, and then 6, and then 4, and then 9 againe, and
deeper; but 3 fadome was the last, 2 leagues off from the shore. This
breach is in 35. degr. and a halfe, and lyeth at the very Northeast point
of Croatoan, whereas goeth a fret out of the maine Sea into the inner
waters, which part the Ilandes and the maine land.(108)

(M322) The 15 of August towards Euening we came to an anker at Hatorask,
in 36 degr. and one third, in fiue fadom water, three leagues from the
shore. At our first comming to anker on this shore we saw a great smoke
rise in the Ile Raonoak neere the place where I left our Colony in the
yeere 1587, which smoake put vs in good hope that some of the Colony were
there expecting my returne out of England.

The 16 and next morning our 2 boates went a shore, and Captaine Cooke, and
Cap. Spicer, and their company with me, with intent to passe to the place
at Raonoak where our countrymen were left. At our putting from the ship we
commanded our Master gunner to make readie 2 Minions and a Falkon well
loden, and to shoot them off with reasonable space betweene euery shot, to
the ende that their reportes might bee heard to the place where wee hoped
to finde some of our people. (M323) This was accordingly performed, and
twoe boats put off vnto the shore, in the Admirals boat, we sounded all
the way and found from our shippe vntill we came within a mile of the
shore nine, eight, and seuen fadome: but before we were halfe way betweene
our ships and the shore we saw another great smoke to the Southwest of
Kindrikers mountes: we therefore thought good to goe to that second smoke
first, but it was much further from the harbour where we landed, then we
supposed it to be, so that we were very sore tired before wee came to the
smoke. But that which grieued vs more was that when we came to the smoke,
we found no man nor signe that any had bene there lately, nor yet any
fresh water in all this waye to drinke. Being thus wearied with this
iourney we returned to the harbour where we left our boates, who in our
absence had brought their caske a shore for fresh water, so we deferred
our going to Roanoak vntill the next morning, and caused some of those
saylers to digge in those sandie hills for fresh water whereof we found
very sufficient. That night wee returned aboord with our boates and our
whole company in safety.

The next morning being the 17 of August, our boates and company were
prepared againe to goe vp to Roanoak, but Captaine Spicer had then sent
his boat ashore for fresh water, by meanes whereof it was ten of the
clocke afternoone before we put from our ships which were then come to an
anker within two miles of the shore. The Admirals boat was halfe way
toward the shore, when Captaine Spicer put off from his ship. The Admirals
boat first passed the breach, but not without some danger of sinking, for
we had a sea brake in our boat which filled vs halfe full of water, but by
the will of God and carefull styrage of Captaine Cooke we came safe
ashore, sauing onely that our furniture, victuals, match and powder were
much wet and spoyled. For at this time the winde blue at Northeast and
direct into the harbour so great a gale, that the Sea brake extremely on
the barre, and the tide went very forcibly at the entrance. (M324) By that
time our Admirals boat was halled ashore, and most of our things taken out
to dry, Captaine Spicer came to the entrance of the breach, with his mast
standing vp, and was halfe passed ouer, but by the rash and vndiscreet
styrage of Ralph Skinner his Masters mate, a very dangerous sea brake into
their boate and ouerset them quite, the men kept the boat some in it, and
some hanging on it, but the next sea set the boat on ground, where it beat
so, that some of them were forced to let goe their hold, hoping to wade
ashore: but the Sea still beat them downe, so that they could neither
stand nor swimme, and the boat twise or thrice was turned the keele
vpward, whereon Captaine Spicer and Skinner hung vntill they sunke, and
were seene no more. But foure that could swimme a little kept themselues
in deeper water and were saued by Captaine Cookes meanes, who so soone as
he saw their ouersetting, stripped himselfe, and four other that could
swimme very well, and with all haste possible rowed vnto them, and saued
foure. There were 11 in all and 7 of the chiefest were drowned, whose
names were Edward Spicer, Ralph Skinner, Edward Kelly, Thomas Beuis, Hance
the Surgion, Edward Kelborne, Robert Coleman. This mischance did so much
discomfort the saylers, that they were all of one mind not to goe any
further to seeke the planters. But in the end by the commandement and
perswasion of me and Captaine Cooke, they prepared the boates: and seeing
the Captaine and me so resolute, they seemed much more willing. Our boates
and all things fitted againe, we put off from Hatorask, being the number
of 19 persons in both boates: but before we could get to the place where
our planters were left, it was so exceeding darke, that we overshot the
place a quarter of a mile: there we espied towards the North ende of the
Island the light of a great fire thorow the woods, to which we presently
rowed: when wee came right ouer against it, we let fall our Grapnel neere
the shore and sounded with a trumpet a Call, and afterwardes many familiar
English tunes and Songs, and called to them friendly; but we had no
answere, we therefore landed at day-breake, and comming to the fire, we
found the grasse and sundry rotten trees burning about the place. From
hence we went thorow the woods to that part of the Island directly ouer
aguinst Dasamongwepeuk, and from thence we returned by the water side,
round about the North point of the Iland, vntill we came to the place,
where I left our Colony in the yeere 1586. In all this way we saw in the
sand the print of the Saluages feet of 2 or 3 sorts troaden the night, and
as we entered vp the sandy banke vpon a tree, in the very browe thereof
were curiously carued these faire Romane letters C R O: which letters
presently we knew to signifie the place, where I should find the planters
seated, according to a secret token agreed vpon betweene them and me at my
last departure from them, which was, that in any wayes they should not
faile to write or carue on the trees or posts of the dores the name of the
place where they should be seated; for at my comming alway they were
prepared to remoue from Roanoak 50 miles into the maine. Therefore at my
departure from them in An. 1587 I willed them, that if they should happen
to be distressed in any of those places, that then they should carue ouer
the letters or name, a Crosse + in this forme, but we found no such signe
of distresse. And hauing well considered of this, we passed toward the
place where they were left in sundry houses, but we found the houses taken
downe, and the place very strongly enclosed with a high palisado of great
trees, with cortynes and flankers very Fortlike, and one of the chiefe
trees or postes at the right side of the entrance had the barke taken off,
and 5 foote from the ground in fayre Capitall letters was grauen CROATOAN
without any crosse or signe of distresse; this done, we entered into the
palisado, where we found many barres of iron, two pigges of lead, foure
yron fowlers, Iron sacker-shotte, and such like heauie thinges, throwen
here and there, almost ouergrowen with grasse and weedes. From thence wee
went along by the water side, towards the poynt of the Creeke to see if we
could find any of their botes or Pinnesse, but we could perceiue no signe
of them, nor any of the last Falkons and small Ordinance which were left
with them, at my departure from them. At our returne from the Creeke, some
of our Saylers meeting vs, told vs that they had found where diuers chests
had bene hidden, and long sithence digged vp againe and broken vp, and
much of the goods in them spoyled and scattered about, but nothing left,
of such things as the Sauages knew any vse of, vndefaced. Presently
Captaine Cooke and I went to the place, which was in the ende of an olde
trench, made two yeeres past by Captaine Amadas: wheere wee found fiue
Chests, that had bene carefully hidden of the Planters, and of the same
chests three were my owne, and about the place many of my things spoyled
and broken, and my bookes torne from the couers, the frames of some of my
pictures and Mappes rotten and spoyled with rayne, and my armour almost
eaten through with rust; this could bee no other but the deede of the
Sauages our enemies at Dasamongwepeuk, who had watched the departure of
our men to Croatoan; and assoone as they were departed digged vp euery
place where they suspected any thing to be buried: but although it much
grieued me to see such spoyle of my goods, yet on the other side I greatly
ioyed that I had safely found a certaine token of their safe being at
Croatoan, which is the place where Manteo was borne, and the Sauages of
the Iland our friends.

When we had seene in this place so much as we could, we returned to our
Boates, and departed from the shoare towards our shippes, with as much
speede as we could: For the weather beganne to ouercast, and very likely
that a foule and stormie night would ensue. Therefore the same Euening
with much danger and labour, we got our selues aboard, by which time the
winde and seas were so greatly risen, that wee doubted our Cables and
Anchors would scarcely holde vntill Morning: wherefore the Captaine caused
the Boate to be manned by fiue lusty men, who could swimme all well, and
sent them to the little Iland on the right hand of the Harbour, to bring
aboard sixe of our men, who had filled our caske with fresh water: the
Boate the same night returned aboard with our men, but all our Caske ready
filled they left behinde, impossible to bee had aboard without danger of
casting away both men and Boates: for this night prooued very stormie and
foule.

The next Morning it was agreed by the Captaine and my selfe, with the
Master and others, to way anchor, and goe for the place at Croatoan, where
our planters were: for that then the winde was good for that place, and
also to leaue that Caske with fresh water on shoare in the Iland vntill
our returne. So then they brought the cable to the Capston, but when the
anchor was almost apecke, the Cable broke, by meanes whereof we lost
another Anchor, wherewith we droue so fast into the shoare, that wee were
forced to let fall a third Anchor: which came so fast home that the Shippe
was almost aground by Kenricks mounts: so that we were forced to let
slippe the Cable ende for ende. And if it had not chanced that wee had
fallen into a chanell of deeper water, closer by the shoare then wee
accompted of, wee could neuer haue gone cleare of the poynt that lyeth to
the Southwardes of Kenricks mount. Being thus cleare of some dangers, and
gotten into deeper waters, but not without some losse: for wee had but one
Cable and Anchor left vs of foure, and the weather grew to be fouler and
fouler; our victuals scarse, and our caske and fresh water lost: it was
therefore determined that we should goe for Saint Iohn or some other Iland
to the Southward for fresh water. And it was further purposed, that if wee
could any wayes supply our wants of victuals and other necessaries, either
at Hispaniola, Sant Iohn, or Trynidad, that then we should continue in the
Indies all the Winter following, with hope to make 2. rich voyages of one,
and at our returne to visit our countreymen at Virginia. The captaine and
the whole company in the Admirall (with my earnest petitions) thereunto
agreed, so that it rested onely to knowe what the Master of the
Moone-light our consort would doe herein. (M325) But when we demanded them
if they would accompany vs in that new determination, they alleaged that
their weake and leake Shippe was not able to continue it; wherefore the
same night we parted, leauing the Moone-light to goe directly for England,
and the Admirall set his course for Trynidad, which course we kept two
dayes.

On the 28. the winde changed, and it was sette on foule weather euery way:
but this storme brought the winde West and Northwest, and blewe so
forcibly, that wee were able to beare no sayle, but our fore-course halfe
mast high, wherewith wee ranne vpon the winde perforce, the due course for
England, for that wee were driuen to change our first determination for
Trynidad, and stoode for the Ilands of Açores, where wee purposed to take
in fresh water, and also there hoped to meete with some English men of
warre about those Ilands, at whose hands wee might obtaine some supply of
our wants. And thus continuing our course for the Açores, sometimes with
calmes, and sometimes with very scarce windes, on the fifteenth of
September the winde came South Southeast, and blew so exceedingly, that
wee were forced to lye atry(109) all that day. At this time by account we
iudged our selues to be about twentie leagues to the West of Cueruo and
Flores, but about night, the storme ceased, and fayre weather ensued.

On Thursday the seuenteenth wee saw Cueruo and Flores, but we could not
come to anker that night, by reason the winde shifted. The next Morning
being the eighteenth, standing in againe with Cueruo, we escryed a sayle a
head vs, to whom we gaue chase: but when wee came neere him, wee knew him
to be a Spanyard, and hoped to make sure purchase of him: but we
vnderstood at our speaking with him, that he was a prize, and of the
Domingo fleete already taken by the Iohn our consort, in the Indies. We
learned also of this prize, that our Viceadmirall and Pinnesse had fought
with the rest of the Domingo fleete, and had forced them with their
Admirall to flee vnto Iamaica vnder the Fort for succour, and some of them
ran themselues aground, whereof one of them they brought away, and tooke
out of some others so much as the time would permit. And further wee
vnderstood of them, that in their returne from Iamaica about the Organes
neere Cape Saint Anthony, our Viceadmirall mette with two Shippes of the
mayne land, come from Mexico, bound for Hauana, with whom he fought: in
which fight our Viceadmirals Lieutenant was slaine, and the Captaines
right arme strooken off, with foure other of his men slaine, and sixteene
hurt. (M326) But in the ende he entred, and tooke one of the Spanish
shippes, which was so sore shot by vs vnder water, that before they could
take out her treasure she sunke; so that we lost thirteene Pipes of siluer
which sunke with her, besides much other rich marchandize. And in the
meane time the other Spanish shippe being pearced with nine shotte vnder
water, got away; whom our Viceadmirall intended to pursue: but some of
their men in the toppe made certaine rockes, which they saw aboue water
neere the shoare, to be Gallies of Hauana and Cartagena, comming from
Hauana to rescue the two Ships; Wherefore they gaue ouer the chase, and
went for England. After this intelligence was giuen vs by this our prize,
he departed from vs, and went for England.

On Saturday the 19. of September we came to an Ancre neere a small village
on the North side of Flores, where we found ryding 5. English men of
warre, of whom we vnderstood that our Viceadmirall and Prize were gone
thence for England. One of these fiue was the Moonelight our consort, who
vpon the first sight of our comming into Flores, set sayle and went for
England, not taking any leaue of vs.

On Sunday the 20 the Mary Rose, Admirall of the Queenes fleete, wherein
was Generall Sir Iohn Hawkins, stood in with Flores, and diuers other of
the Queenes ships, namely the Hope, the Nonpareilia, the Rainebow, the
Swift-sure, the Foresight, with many other good merchants ships of warre,
as the Edward Bonauenture, the Marchant Royal, the Amitie, the Eagle, the
Dainty of sir Iohn Hawkins, and many other good ships and pinnesses, all
attending to meete with the king of Spaines fleete, comming from Terra
firma of the West Indies.

The 22. of September we went aboard the Raynebow, and towards night we
spake with the Swift-sure, and gaue him 3. pieces. The captaines desired
our company; wherefore we willingly attended on them: who at this time
with 10. other ships stood for Faial. But the Generall with the rest of
the Fleete were separated from vs, making two fleetes, for the surer
meeting with the Spanish fleete.

On Wednesday the 23. we saw Gratiosa, where the Admiral and the rest of
the Queenes fleete were come together. The Admirall put forth a flag of
counsel, in which was determined that the whole fleete should go for the
mayne, and spred themselues on the coasts of Spaine and Portugal, so farre
as conueniently they might, for the surer meeting of the Spanish fleete in
those parts.

The 20. we came to Faial, where the Admiral with some other of the fleete
ankered, other some plyed vp and downe betweene that and the Pico vntill
midnight, at which time the Anthony shot off a piece and weyed, shewing
his light: after whom the whole fleete stood to the East, the winde at
Northeast by East.

On Sunday the 27. towards Euening wee tooke our leaue of the Admirall and
the whole fleete, who stood to the East. But our shippe accompanied with a
Flyboat stoode in again with S. George, where we purposed to take in more
fresh water, and some other fresh victuals.

On Wednesday the 30. of September, seeing the winde hang so Northerly,
that wee could not atteine the Iland of S. George, we gaue ouer our
purpose to water there, and the next day framed our due course for
England.



October.


The 2. of October in the Morning we saw S. Michaels Iland on our Starre
board quarter.

The 23. at 10. of the clocke afore noone, we saw Vshant in Britaigne.

On Saturday the 24. we came in safetie, God be thanked, to an anker at
Plymmouth.(110)
