TEXT: Richard Hakluyt's own statements bearing on the Virginia colonies, from the prefatory matter of the Principall Navigations (1589) and Principal Navigations (1598-1600): (i) 'Richard Hakluyt to the favourable Reader' (1589 preface), extract; (ii) Epistle Dedicatorie to Sir Robert Cecil in the second volume (dated London, 24 Oct. 1599), complete; (iii) Epistle Dedicatorie to Sir Robert Cecil in the third volume (dated 1 Sept. 1600), complete.
SOURCE EDITION: The Principal Navigations..., Glasgow: James MacLehose and Sons, 1903, vol. I (which reprints all the prefatory matter of both editions), pp. xvii-lxxviii. Uncorrected OCR.
URL FETCHED: https://archive.org/download/principalnavigat01hakl/principalnavigat01hakl_djvu.txt
DATE FETCHED: 2026-09-14
==============================================================================

----- (i) 1589 'To the favourable Reader' (extract) -----
Touching  the  westerne  Navigations,  and  travailes  of 
ours,  they  succeede  naturallie  in  the  third  and  last  roome, 
forasmuch  as  in  order  and  course  those  coastes,  and 
quarters  came  last  of  all  to  our  knowledge  and  experience. 
Herein  thou  shalt  reade  the  attempt  by  Sea  of  the  sonne 
of  one  of  the  Princes  of  Northwales,  in  sayling  and 
searching  towards  the  west  more  then  400.  yeeres  since : 
the  offer  made  by  Christopher  Columbus  that  renowned 


Fabian. 


TO   THE   FAVOURABLE   READER 

Genouoys  to  the  most  sage  Prince  of  noble  memorle 
King  Henrie  the  7.  with  his  prompt  and  cheerefull 
acceptation  thereof,  and  the  occasion  whereupon  it  became 
fruitlesse,  and  at  that  time  of  no  great  effect  to  this  king- 
dome  :  then  followe  the  letters  Patentes  of  the  foresaid 
noble  Prince  given  to  John  Cabot  a  Venetian  and  his  3. 
sonnes,  to  discover  &  conquer  in  his  name,  and  under 
his  Banners  unknowen  Regions :  who  with  that  royall 
incouragement  &  contribution  of  the  king  himselfe,  and 
some  assistance  in  charges  of  English  Marchants  departed 
II  with  5.  sailes  from  the  Port  of  Bristoll  accompained  with  Robert 
300.  Englishmen,  and  first  of  any  Christians  found  out 
that  mightie  and  large  tract  of  lande  and  Sea,  from  the 
circle  Arcticke  as  farre  as  Florida,  as  appeareth  in  the  dis- 
course thereof.  The  triumphant  raigne  of  King  Henry 
the  8.  yelded  some  prosecution  of  this  discoverie  :  for  the 
3.  voyages  performed,  and  the  4.  intended  for  all  Asia  by 
his  Majesties  selfe,  do  approove  and  confirme  the  same. 
Then  in  processe  of  yeeres  ariseth  the  first  English  trade 
to  Brasill,  the  first  passing  of  some  of  our  nation  in  the 
ordinarie  Spanish  fleetes  to  the  west  Indies,  and  the 
huge  Citie  of  Mexico  in  Nova  Hispania.  Then  im- 
mediatlye  ensue  3.  voyages  made  by  M.  John  Hawkins 
now  Knight,  then  Esquire,  to  Hispaniola,  and  the  gulfe 
of  Mexico :  upon  which  depende  sixe  verie  excellent 
discourses  of  our  men,  whereof  some  for  15.  or  16. 
whole  yeeres  inhabited  in  New  Spaine,  and  ranged  the 
whole  Countrie,  wherein  are  disclosed  the  cheefest 
secretes  of  the  west  India,  which  may  in  time  turne  to 
our  no  smal  advantage.  The  next  leaves  thou  turnest,  do 
yeelde  thee  the  first  valiant  enterprise  of  Sir  Francis 
Drake  upon  Nombre  de  Dios,  the  mules  laden  with 
treasure  which  he  surprised,  and  the  house  called  the 
Cruzes,  which  his  fire  consumed :  and  therewith  is 
joyned  an  action  more  venterous  then  happie  of  John 
Oxnam  of  Plimmouth  written,  and  confessed  by  a  Span- 
yard,  which  with  his  companie  passed  over  the  streight 
Istme  of  Darien,  and  building  certaine  pinnesses  on  the 


RICHARD   HAKLUYT 

west  shoare,  was  the  first  Englishman  that  entered  the 
South  sea.  To  passe  over  Master  Frobisher  and  his 
actions,  which  1  have  also  newly  though  briefely  printed, 
and  as  it  were  revived,  whatsoever  Master  John  Davis 
hath  performed  in  continuing  that  discovery,  which 
Master  Frobisher  began  for  the  northwest  passage,  I  have 
faithfully  at  large  communicated  it  with  thee,  that  so  the 
great  good  hope,  &  singular  probabilities  &  almost  cer- 
taintie  therof,  which  by  his  industry  have  risen,  may  be 
knowen  generally  of  all  men,  that  some  may  yet  still 
prosecute  so  noble  an  action.  Sir  Humfrey  Gilbert,  that 
couragious  Knight,  and  very  expert  in  the  mysteries  of 
Navigation  amongst  the  rest  is  not  forgotten :  his  learned 
reasons  &  arguments  for  the  proofe  of  the  passage  before 
named,  together  with  his  last  more  commendable  resolu- 
tion then  fortunate  successe,  are  here  both  to  be  read. 
The  continuance  of  the  historic,  produceth  the  beginnings, 
and  proceedings  of  the  two  English  Colonies  planted  in 
Virginia  at  the  charges  of  sir  Walter  Raleigh,  whose 
entrance  upon  those  newe  inhabitations  had  bene  happie,  if 
it  had  ben  as  seruiously  followed,  as  it  was  cheerefully  un- 
dertaken. I  could  not  omit  in  this  parte  the  two  voyages 
made  not  long  since  to  the  Southwest,  whereof  I  thinke  the 
Spanyard  hath  had  some  knowledge,  and  felt  some  blowes  : 
the  one  of  Master  Edward  Fenton,  and  his  consort  Master 
Luke  Warde  :  the  other  of  Master  Robert  Withrington, 
and  his  hardie  consort  Master  Christopher  Lister  as  farre 
as  44.  degrees  of  southerly  latitude,  set  out  at  the  direction 
and  charge  of  the  right  honorable  the  Earle  of  Cumber- 
land, both  which  in  divers  respectes  may  yelde  both  profite 
and  pleasure  to  the  reader,  being  carefully  perused. 

For  the  conclusion  of  all,  the  memorable  voyage  of 
Master  Thomas  Candish  into  the  South  sea,  and  from 
thence  about  the  globe  of  the  earth  doth  satisfie  mee,  and 
I  doubt  not  but  will  fully  content  thee :  which  as  in  time 
it  is  later  then  that  of  Sir  Frauncis  Drake,  so  in  relation  of 
the  Philippinaes,  Japan,  China,  and  the  Isle  of  S.  Helena 
it  is  more  particular,  and  exact :  and  therfore  the  want  of 

xxviii 


TO   THE   FAVOURABLE    READER 

----- (ii) 1599 Epistle Dedicatorie to Sir Robert Cecil (complete) -----
THE   EPISTLE   DEDICATORIE  IN   THE  SECOND    VOLUME 
OF   THE   SECOND   EDITION,    1599. 

To  the  Right  Honorable  Sir  Robert  Cecil  Knight, 
principall  Secretarie  to  her  Majestie,  master  of 
the  Court  of  Wardes  and  Liveries,  and  one  of 
her  Majesties  most  honourable  privie  Counsell. 

Ight  honorable,  having  newly  finished  a 
Treatise  of  the  long  Voyages  of  our 
Nation  made  into  the  Levant  within  the 
Streight  of  Gibraltar,  &  from  thence  over- 
land to  the  South  and  Southeast  parts  of 
the  world,  all  circumstances  considered,  I 
found  none  to  whom  I  thought  it  fitter  to 
bee  presented  then  to  your  selfe  :  wherein  having  begun 
at  the  highest  Antiquities  of  this  realme  under  the 
government  of  the  Romans  ;  next  under  the  Saxons  ;  and 
thirdly  since  the  conquest  under  the  Normans,  I  have 
continued  the  histories  unto  these  our  dayes.  The  time 
of  the  Romans  affoordeth  small  matter.  But  after  that 
they  were  called  hence  by  forren  invasions  of  their 
Empire,  and  the  Saxons  by  degrees  became  lords  in  this 
Hand,  and  shortly  after  received  the  Christian  faith,  they 
did  not  onely  travell  to  Rome,  but  passed  further  unto 
Jerusalem,  and  therewith  not  contented,  Sigelmus  bishop 
of  Shireburne  in  Dorcetshire  caried  the  almes  of  king 
Alfred  even  to  the  Sepulcher  of  S.  Thomas  in  India, 
(which  place  at  this  day  is  called  Maliapor)  and  brought 
from  thence  most  fragrant  spices,  and  rich  jewels  into 
England :  which  jewels,  as  William  of  Malmesburie  in 
two  sundry  treatises  writeth,  were  remaining  in  the  afore- 

Ixiii 


THE   EPISTLE    DEDICATORIE 

sayd  Cathedrall  Church  to  be  seene  even  in  his  time. 
And  this  most  memorable  voyage  into  India  is  net  onely 
mentioned  by  the  aforesayd  Malmesburie,  but  also  by 
Florentius  Wigorniensis,  a  grave  and  woorthy  Author 
which  lived  before  him,  and  by  many  others  since,  and 
even  by  M.  Foxe  in  his  first  volume  of  his  Acts  and 
Monuments  in  the  life  of  king  Alfred.  To  omit  divers 
other  of  the  Saxon  nation,  the  travels  of  Alured  bishop  of 
Worcester  through  Hungarie  to  Constantinople,  and  so 
by  Asia  the  lesse  into  Phoenicia  and  Syria,  and  the  like 
course  of  Ingulphus,  not  long  afterward  Abbot  of 
Croiland,  set  downe  particularly  by  himselfe,  are  things  in 
mine  opinion  right  worthy  of  memorie.  After  the  com- 
ming  in  of  the  Normans,  in  the  yeere  1096,  in  the  reigne 
of  William  Rufus,  and  so  downward  for  the  space  of 
above  300  yeeres,  such  was  the  ardent  desire  of  our  nation 
to  visite  the  Holy  land,  and  to  expell  the  Saracens  and 
Mahumetans,  that  not  only  great  numbers  of  Erles, 
Bishops,  Barons,  and  Knights,  but  even  Kings,  Princes, 
and  Peeres  of  the  blood  Roiall,  with  incredible  devotion, 
courage  and  alacritie  intruded  themselves  into  this 
glorious  expedition.  A  sufficient  proofe  hereof  are  the 
voiages  of  prince  Edgar  the  nephew  of  Edmund  Ironside, 
of  Robert  Curtois  brother  of  William  Rufus,  the  great 
benevolence  of  king  Henry  the  2.  and  his  vowe  to  have 
gone  in  person  to  the  succour  of  Jerusalem,  the  personall 
going  into  Palaestina  of  his  sonne  king  Richard  the  first, 
with  the  chivalrie,  wealth,  and  shipping  of  this  realme ; 
the  large  contribution  of  king  John,  and  the  travels  of 
Oliver  Fitz-Roy  his  sonne,  as  is  supposed,  with  Ranulph 
Glanvile  Erie  of  Chester  to  the  siege  of  Damiata  in 
JEgypt :  the  prosperous  voyage  of  Richard  Erie  of 
Cornwall,  elected  afterward  king  of  the  Romans,  and 
brother  to  Henry  the  3,  the  famous  expedition  of  prince 
Edward,  the  first  king  of  the  Norman  race  of  that  name ; 
the  journey  of  Henry  Erie  of  Derbie,  duke  of  Hereford, 
and  afterward  king  of  this  realme,  by  the  name  of  Henry 
the    4.    against    the   citie    of  Tunis    in    Africa,    and    his 

Ixiv 


>  ^  "^iil 

X 

H 

COND 

THE  PR 

ATIONS,    V 

and  Difcoueiiesofi 

orcuer-Iandjto  the  So 

World,at  any  rime  wjthin  tl 

Diuidcdintot 

41-^' 


i-  'i^iT 


IfllMlJlflJ 


2  ^sS-stJJ'i-^ 


iHii 


^ -sill's^  ill 

-G   Ji  ,§  -5  X"-! 


TO    SIR   ROBERT   CECIL 

preparation  of  ships  and  gallies  to  go  himselfe  into  the  Holy 
land,  if  he  had  not  on  the  sudden  bene  prevented  by- 
death  ;  the  travel  of  John  of  Holland  brother  by  the 
mothers  side  to  king  Richard  the  2  into  those  parts.  All 
these,  either  Kings,  Kings  sonnes,  or  Kings  brothers, 
exposed  themselves  with  invincible  courages  to  the 
manifest  hazard  of  their  persons,  lives,  and  livings, 
leaving  their  ease,  their  countries,  wives  and  children, 
induced  with  a  Zelous  devotion  and  ardent  desire  to 
protect  and  dilate  the  Christian  faith.  These  memorable 
enterprises  in  part  concealed,  in  part  scattered,  and  for  the 
most  part  unlooked  after,  I  have  brought  together  in  the 
best  Method  and  brevitie  that  I  could  devise.  Where- 
unto  I  have  annexed  the  losse  of  Rhodes,  which  although 
it  were  originally  written  in  French,  yet  maketh  it  as 
honourable  and  often  mention  of  the  English  nation,  as 
of  any  other  Christians  that  served  in  that  most  violent 
siege.  After  which  ensueth  the  princely  promise  of  the 
bountifull  aide  of  king  Henry  the  8  to  Ferdinando  newly 
elected  king  of  Hungarie,  against  Solyman  the  mortall 
enemie  of  Christendome.  These  and  the  like  Heroicall 
intents  and  attempts  of  our  Princes,  our  Nobilitie,  our 
Clergie,  &  our  Chivalry,  I  have  in  the  first  place  exposed 
and  set  foorth  to  the  view  of  this  age,  with  the  same 
intention  that  the  old  Romans  set  up  in  wax  in  their 
palaces  the  Statuas  or  images  of  their  worthy  ancestors ; 
whereof  Salust  in  his  treatise  of  the  warre  of  Jugurtha, 
writeth  in  this  maner :  Saepe  audivi  ego  Quintum  maxi- 
mum, Publium  Scipionem,  praeterea  civitatis  nostras 
praeclaros  viros  solitos  ita  dicere,  cum  majorum  imagines 
intuerentur,  vehementissime  animum  sibi  ad  virtutem  ac- 
cendi.  Scilicet  non  ceram  illam,  neque  figuram,  tantam 
vim  in  sese  habere,  sed  memoria  rerum  gestarum  flammam 
eam  egregiis  viris  in  pectore  crescere,  neque  prius  sedari, 
quam  virtus  eorum  famam  &  gloriam  adasquaverit.  I 
have  often  heard  (quoth  he)  how  Quintus  maximus, 
Publius  Scipio,  and  many  other  worthy  men  of  our  citie 
were  woont  to  say,  when  they  beheld  the  images  and 
I  Ixv  e 


THE    EPISTLE   DEDICATORIE 

portraitures  of  their  ancestors,  that  they  were  most 
vehemently  inflamed  unto  vertue.  Not  that  the  sayd 
wax  or  portraiture  had  any  such  force  at  all  in  it  selfe,  but 
that  by  the  remembring  of  their  woorthy  actes,  that  flame 
was  kindled  in  their  noble  breasts,  and  could  never  be 
quenched,  untill  such  time  as  their  owne  valure  had 
equalled  the  fame  and  glory  of  their  progenitors.  So, 
though  not  in  wax,  yet  in  record  of  writing  have  I 
presented  to  the  noble  courages  of  this  English  Monarchie, 
the  like  images  of  their  famous  predecessors,  with  hope  of 
like  efl^ect  in  their  posteritie.  And  here  by  the  way  if 
any  man  shall  think,  that  an  universall  peace  with  our 
Christian  neighbours  will  cut  off  the  emploiment  of 
the  couragious  increasing  youth  of  this  realme,  he  is 
much  deceived.  For  there  are  other  most  convenient 
emploiments  for  all  the  superfluitie  of  every  profession  in 
this  realme.  For,  not  to  meddle  with  the  state  of  Ireland, 
nor  that  of  Guiana,  there  is  under  our  noses  the  great  & 
ample  countrey  of  Virginia;  the  In-land  whereof  is  found 
of  late  to  bee  so  sweete  and  holesome  a  climate,  so  rich 
and  abundant  in  silver  mines,  so  apt  and  capable  of  all 
commodities,  which  Italy,  Spaine,  and  France  can  affoord, 
that  the  Spaniards  themselves  in  their  owne  writings 
printed  in  Madrid  1586,  and  within  few  moneths  after- 
ward reprinted  by  me  in  Paris,  and  in  a  secret  mappe  of 
those  partes  made  in  Mexico  the  yeere  before  for  the  king 
of  Spaine,  (which  originall  with  many  others  is  in  the 
custodie  of  the  excellent  Mathematician  M.  Thomas 
Hariot)  as  also  in  their  intercepted  letters  come  unto  my 
hand,  bearing  date  1595.  they  acknowledge  the  In-land  to 
be  a  better  and  richer  countrey  then  Mexico  and  Nueva 
Spania  it  selfe.  And  on  the  other  side  their  chiefest 
writers,  as  Peter  Martyr  ab  Angleria,  and  Francis  Lopez 
de  Gomara,  the  most  learned  Venetian  John  Baptista 
Ramusius,  and  the  French  Geographers,  as  namely, 
Popiliniere  and  the  rest,  acknowledge  with  one  consent, 
that  all  that  mightie  tract  of  land  from  67.  degrees  North- 
ward to  the  latitude  almost  of  Florida  was  first  discovered 

Ixvi 


TO    SIR   ROBERT    CECIL 

out  of  England,  by  the  commaundement  of  king  Henry 
the  seventh,  and  the  South  part  thereof  before  any  other 
Christian  people  of  late  hath  bene  planted  with  divers 
English  Colonies  by  the  royal  consent  of  her  sacred 
Majestie  under  the  broad  scale  of  England,  whereof  one 
as  yet  remaineth,  for  ought  we  know,  alive  in  the 
countrey.  Which  action,  if  upon  a  good  &  godly  peace 
obtained,  it  shal  please  the  Almighty  to  stirre  up  her 
Majesties  heart  to  continue  with  her  favourable  coun- 
tenance (as  upon  the  ceasing  of  the  warres  of  Granada,  hee 
stirred  up  the  spirite  of  Isabella  Queene  of  Castile,  to 
advaunce  the  enterprise  of  Columbus)  with  transporting  of 
one  or  two  thousand  of  her  people,  and  such  others  as 
upon  mine  owne  knowledge  will  most  willingly  at  their 
owne  charges  become  Adventurers  in  good  numbers  with 
their  bodies  and  goods  ;  she  shall  by  Gods  assistance,  in 
short  space,  worke  many  great  and  unlooked  for  effects, 
increase  her  dominions,  enrich  her  cofers,  and  reduce 
many  Pagans  to  the  faith  of  Christ.  The  neglecting 
hitherto  of  which  last  point  our  adversaries  daily  in  many 
of  their  bookes  full  bitterly  lay  unto  the  charge  of  the 
professors  of  the  Gospell.  No  sooner  should  we  set 
footing  in  that  pleasant  and  good  land,  and  erect  one  or 
two  convenient  Fortes  in  the  Continent,  or  in  some  Hand 
neere  the  maine,  but  every  step  we  tread  would  yeeld  us 
new  occasion  of  action,  which  I  wish  the  Gentrie  of  our 
nation  rather  to  regard,  then  to  follow  those  soft  unprofit- 
able pleasures  wherein  they  now  too  much  consume  their 
time  and  patrimonie,  and  hereafter  will  doe  much  more, 
when  as  our  neighbour  warres  being  appeased,  they  are 
like  to  have  lesse  emploiment  then  nowe  they  have, 
unlesse  they  bee  occupied  in  this  or  some  other  the  like 
expedition.  And  to  this  ende  and  purpose  give  me  leave 
(I  beseech  you)  to  impart  this  occurrent  to  your  honour- 
able and  provident  consideration  :  that  in  the  yere  one 
thousand  five  hundred  eighty  and  seven,  when  I  had 
caused  the  foure  voyages  of  Ribault,  Laudonniere,  and 
Gourges  to  Florida,  at  mine  owne  charges  to  bee  printed 

Ixvii 


THE   EPISTLE   DEDICATORIE 

in  Paris,  which  by  the  malice  of  some  too  much  afFectioned 
to  the   Spanish   faction,   had   bene   above   twentie    yeeres 
suppressed,  assoone  as  that  booke  came  to  the  view  of  that 
reverend   and   prudent   Counseller  Monsieur  Harlac  the 
lord  chiefe  Justice  of  France,  and  certaine  other  of  the 
wisest  Judges,  in  great  choler  they  asked,  who  had  done 
such  intollerable  wrong   to  their  whole  kingdome,  as  to 
have  concealed  that  woorthie  worke  so  long  ?     Protesting 
further,  that  if  their  Kings  and  the  Estate  had  throughly 
followed  that  action,  France  had  bene  freed  of  their  long 
civill   warres,  and   the  variable  humours  of  all  sortes  of 
people  might  have  had  very  ample  and  manifold  occasions 
of  good  and  honest  emploiment  abroad  in  that  large  and 
fruitfull  Continent  of  the  West  Indies.     The  application 
of  which  sentence  unto  our  selves  I  here  omit,  hastening 
unto  the  summarie  recapitulation   of  other  matters  con- 
tained in  this  worke.     It  may  please  your  Honour  there- 
fore   to    understand,    that    the    second  part  of  this   first 
Treatise  containeth  our  auncient  trade  and  traffique  with 
English  shipping  to  the  Hands  of  Sicilie,  Candie,  and  Sio, 
which   by  good  warrant  herein  alleaged,  I   find   to  have 
bene   begun   in  the  yeere   1 5 1 1 .  and   to  have  continued 
untill  the  yeere  1552.  and  somewhat  longer.     But  shortly 
after   (as  it  seemeth)   it  was  intermitted,  or  rather  given 
over   (as   is   noted   in   master   Caspar   Campions   discreet 
letters    to    master    Michael    Lock    and    master    William 
Winter  inserted   in  this  booke)  first  by  occasion  of  the 
Turkes    expelling    of  the    foure    and   twentie   Mauneses 
or  governours  of  the  Genouois   out  of  the  He  of  Sio, 
and  by  taking  of  the  sayd    Hand  wholie  into  his  owne 
hand  in  Aprill,    1566.   sending  thither  Piali  Basha  with 
fourescore  gallies   for    that    purpose  ;    and    afterward   by 
his    growing    over    mightie    and    troublesome    in    those 
Seas,  by  the  cruell  invasion  of  Nicosia  and  Famagusta, 
and  the  whole  He  of  Cyprus  by  his  lieutenant  Generall 
Mustapha    Basha.     Which    lamentable   Tragedie   I    have 
here    againe    revived,    that    the    posteritie    may    never 
forget    what    trust    may    bee    given    to    the    oath    of    a 

Ixviii 


TO    SIR   ROBERT   CECIL 

Mahumetan,  when   hee   hath   advauntage   and   is   in   his 
choler. 

Lastly,  I  have  here  put  downe  at  large  the  happie 
renuing  and  much  increasing  of  our  interrupted  trade  in 
all  the  Levant,  accomplished  by  the  great  charges  and 
speciall  industrie  of  the  worshipfull  and  worthy  Citizens, 
Sir  Edward  Osborne  Knight,  M.  Richard  Staper,  and  M. 
William  Hareborne,  together  with  the  league  for  traffike 
onely  betweene  her  Majestie  and  the  Grand  Signior,  with 
the  great  privileges,  immunities,  and  favours  obteyned  of 
his  imperiall  Highnesse  in  that  behalfe,  the  admissions 
and  residencies  of  our  Ambassadours  in  his  stately 
Porch,  and  the  great  good  and  Christian  offices  which  her 
Sacred  Majestie  by  her  extraordinary  favour  in  that  Court 
hath  done  for  the  king  and  kingdome  of  Poland,  and 
other  Christian  Princes  :  the  traffike  of  our  Nation  in  all 
the  chiefe  Havens  of  Africa  and  Egypt :  the  searching  and 
haunting  the  very  bottome  of  the  Mediterran  Sea  to  the 
ports  of  Tripoli  and  Alexandretta,  of  the  Archipelagus,  by 
the  Turkes  now  called  The  white  sea,  even  to  the  walles 
of  Constantinople  :  the  voyages  over  land  and  by  river 
through  Aleppo,  Birrha,  Babylon  and  Balsara,  and  downe 
the  Persian  gulfe  to  Ormuz,  and  thence  by  the  Ocean  sea 
to  Goa,  and  againe  over-land  to  Bisnagar,  Cambaia,  Orixa, 
Bengala,  Aracan,  Pegu,  Malacca,  Siam,  the  langomes, 
Quicheu,  and  even  to  the  Frontiers  of  the  Empire  of 
China  :  the  former  performed  diverse  times  by  sundry  of 
our  nation,  and  the  last  great  voyage  by  M.  Ralph  Fitch, 
who  with  M.  John  Newbery  and  two  other  consorts 
departed  from  London  with  her  Majesties  letters  written 
effectually  in  their  favour  to  the  kings  of  Cambaia  and 
China  in  the  yere  1583,  who  in  the  yeere  1591.  like 
another  Paulus  Venetus  returned  home  to  the  place  of  his 
departure,  with  ample  relation  of  his  wonderfull  travailes, 
which  he  presented  in  writing  to  my  Lord  your  father  of 
honourable  memorie. 

Now  here  if  any  man  shall  take  exception  against  this 
our  new  trade  with   Turkes  and   misbeleevers,   he  shall 

Ixix 


THE    EPISTLE   DEDICATORIE 

shew  himselfe  a  man  of  small  experience  in  old  and  new 
Histories,  or  wilfully  lead  with  partialitie,  or  some  worse 
*  I.  Kifig.  humour.  *  For  who  knoweth  not,  that  king  Salomon 
ca/>.  5.  Qf  qI^^  entred  into  league  upon  necessitie  with  Hiram  the 
^  .  ^^"'  king  of  Tyrus,  a  gentile  ?  Or  who  is  ignorant  that  the 
French,  the  Genouois,  Florentines,  Raguseans,  Venetians, 
and  Polonians  are  at  this  day  in  league  with  the  Grand 
Signior,  and  have  beene  these  many  yeeres,  and  have  used 
trade  and  traffike  in  his  dominions  ?  Who  can  deny  that 
the  Emperor  of  Christendome  hath  had  league  with  the 
Turke,  and  payd  him  a  long  while  a  pension  for  a  part  of 
Hungarie  ?  And  who  doth  not  acknowledge,  that  either 
hath  travailed  the  remote  parts  of  the  world,  or  read  the 
Histories  of  this  later  age,  that  the  Spaniards  and 
Portugales  in  Barbaric,  in  the  Indies,  and  elsewhere,  have 
ordinarie  confederacie  and  traffike  with  the  Moores,  and 
many  kindes  of  Gentiles  and  Pagans,  and  that  which  is 
more,  doe  pay  them  pensions,  and  use  them  in  their 
service  and  warres  ?  Why  then  should  that  be  blamed  in 
us,  which  is  usuall  and  common  to  the  most  part  of  other 
Christian  nations  ?  Therefore  let  our  neighbours,  which 
have  found  most  fault  with  this  new  league  and  traffike, 
thanke  themselves  and  their  owne  foolish  pride,  whereby 
we  were  urged  to  seeke  further  to  provide  vent  for  our 
naturall  commodities.  And  herein  the  old  Greeke  pro- 
verbe  was  most  truely  verified.  That  evill  counsaile 
proveth  worst  to  the  author  and  deviser  of  the  same. 

Having  thus  farre  intreated  of  the  chiefe  contents  of 
the  first  part  of  this  second  Volume,  it  remayneth  that  I 
briefly  acquaint  your  Honor  with  the  chiefe  contents  of 
the  second  part.  It  may  therefore  please  you  to  under- 
stand, that  herein  I  have  likewise  preserved,  disposed,  and 
set  in  order  such  Voyages,  Navigations,  Traffikes,  and 
Discoveries,  as  our  Nation,  and  especially  the  worthy 
inhabitants  of  this  citie  of  London,  have  painefully 
performed  to  the  South  and  Southeast  parts  of  the  world, 
without  the  Streight  of  Gibraltar,  upon  the  coasts  of 
Africa,    about    the     Cape    of    Buona    Speran^a,    to    and 

Ixx 


TO    SIR   ROBERT    CECIL 

beyonde  the  East  India.  To  come  more  neere  unto 
particulars,  I  have  here  set  downe  the  very  originals  and 
infancie  of  our  trades  to  the  Canarian  Hands,  to  the 
kingdomes  of  Barbaric,  to  the  mightie  rivers  of  Senega 
and  Gambra,  to  those  of  Madrabumba,  and  Sierra  Leona, 
and  the  Isles  of  Cape  Verde,  with  twelve  sundry  voyages 
to  the  sultry  kingdomes  of  Guinea  and  Benin,  to  the  Isle 
of  San  Thome,  with  a  late  and  true  report  of  the  weake 
estate  of  the  Portugales  in  Angola,  as  also  the  whole 
course  of  the  Portugale  Caracks  from  Lisbon  to  the  barre 
of  Goa  in  India,  with  the  disposition  and  qualitie  of  the 
climate  neere  and  under  the  Equinoctiall  line,  the  sundry 
infallible  markes  and  tokens  of  approching  unto,  and 
doubling  of  The  Cape  of  good  Hope,  the  great  variation 
of  the  compasse  for  three  or  foure  pointes  towards  the 
East  betweene  the  Meridian  of  S.  Michael  one  of  the 
Islands  of  the  Azores,  and  the  aforesaid  Cape,  with 
the  returne  of  the  needle  againe  due  North  at  the  Cape 
Das  Agulias,  and  that  place  being  passed  outward  bound, 
the  swarving  backe  againe  thereof  towards  the  West, 
proportionally  as  it  did  before,  the  two  wayes,  the  one 
within  and  the  other  without  the  Isle  of  S.  Laurence,  the 
dangers  of  privie  rockes  and  quicksands,  the  running  seas, 
and  the  perils  thereof,  with  the  certaine  and  undoubted 
signes  of  land.  All  these  and  other  particularities  are 
plainly  and  truely  here  delivered  by.  one  Thomas  Stevens 
a  learned  Englishman,  who  in  the  yeere  1579  going  as  a 
passenger  in  the  Portugale  Rleete  from  Lisbon  into  India, 
wrote  the  same  from  Goa  to  his  father  in  England  : 
Whereunto  I  have  added  the  memorable  voyage  of  M. 
James  Lancaster,  who  doth  not  onely  recount  and  confirme 
most  of  the  things  above  mentioned,  but  also  doth 
acquaint  us  with  the  state  of  the  voyage  beyond  Cape 
Comori,  and  the  Isle  of  Ceilon,  with  the  Isles  of  Nicubar 
and  Gomes  Polo  lying  within  two  leagues  of  the  rich 
Island  Samatra,  and  those  of  Pulo  Pinaon,  with  the 
maine  land  of  Jun9alaon  and  the  streight  of  Malacca. 
I    have    likewise    added    a    late    intercepted    letter    of  a 

Ixxi 


THE   EPISTLE   DEDICATORIE 

Portugall  revealing  the  secret  and  most  gainefuU  trade 
of  Pegu,  which  is  also  confirmed  by  Caesar  Fredericke  a 
Venetian,  and  M.  Ralph  Fitch  now  living  here  in  London. 

And  because  our  chiefe  desire  is  to  find  out  ample  vent 
of  our  wollen  cloth,  the  naturall  commoditie  of  this  our 
Realme,  the  fittest  places,  which  in  al  my  readings  and 
observations  I  find  for  that  purpose,  are  the  manifold 
Islands  of  Japan,  &  the  Northern  parts  of  China,  &  the 
regions  of  the  Tartars  next  adjoyning  (whereof  I  read, 
that  the  countrey  in  winter  is  Assi  fria  como  Flandes,  that 
is  to  say,  as  cold  as  Flanders,  &  that  the  rivers  be 
strongly  overfrozen)  and  therefore  I  have  here  inserted 
two  speciall  Treatises  of  the  sayd  Countries,  the  one 
beginning  pag.  68,  the  other,  pag.  88  :  which  last  dis- 
course 1  hold  to  be  the  most  exact  of  those  parts  that  is 
yet  come  to  light,  which  was  printed  in  Latine  in  Macao 
a  citie  of  China,  in  China-paper,  in  the  yeere  a  thousand 
HvG  hundred  and  ninetie,  and  was  intercepted  in  the 
great  Carack  called  Madre  de  Dios  two  yeeres  after, 
inclosed  in  a  case  of  sweete  Cedar  wood,  and  lapped  up 
almost  an  hundred  fold  in  fine  calicut-cloth,  as  though  it 
had  beene  some  incomparable  Jewell. 

But  leaving  abruptly  this  discourse,  I  thinke  it  not 
impertinent,  before  I  make  an  end,  to  deliver  some  of  the 
reasons,  that  moved  me  to  present  this  part  of  my 
travailes  unto  your  Honour.  The  reverend  antiquitie  in 
the  dedication  of  their  workes  made  choyse  of  such 
patrons,  as  eyther  with  their  reputation  and  credite  were 
able  to  countenance  the  same,  or  by  their  wisedome  and 
understanding  were  able  to  censure  and  approove  them, 
or  with  their  abilitie  were  likely  to  stand  them  or  theirs  in 
steade  in  the  ordinarie  necessities  and  accidents  of  their 
life.  Touching  the  first,  your  descent  from  a  father,  that 
was  accounted  Pater  patriae,  your  owne  place  and  credite 
in  execution  of  her  Majesties  inward  counsailes  and  pub- 
like services,  added  to  your  well  discharging  your  forren 
imployment  (when  the  greatest  cause  in  Christendome 
was  handled)  have  not  onely  drawen  mens  eyes  upon  you, 

Ixxii 


TO    SIR   ROBERT    CECIL 

but  also  forcibly  have  moved  many,  and  my  selfe  among 
the  rest  to  have  our  labours  protected  by  your  authoritie. 
For  the  second  point,  when  it  pleased  your  Honour  in 
sommer  was  two  yeeres  to  have  some  conference  with  me, 
and  to  demaund  mine  opinion  touching  the  state  of  the 
Country  of  Guiana,  and  whether  it  were  fit  to  be  planted 
by  the  English  :  I  then  (to  my  no  small  joy)  did  admire 
the  exact  knowledge  which  you  had  gotten  of  those 
matters  of  Indian  Navigations :  and  how  carefull  you 
were,  not  to  be  overtaken  with  any  partiall  affection  to  the 
Action,  appeared  also,  by  the  sound  arguments  which  you 
made  pro  &  contra,  of  the  likelihood  and  reason  of  good 
or  ill  successe  of  the  same,  before  the  State  and  common 
wealth  (wherein  you  have  an  extraordinarie  voyce)  should 
be  farther  engaged.  In  consideration  whereof  I  thinke 
my  selfe  thrise  happie  to  have  these  my  travailes  censured 
by  your  Honours  so  well  approved  judgement.  Touch- 
ing the  third  and  last  motive  I  cannot  but  acknowledge 
my  selfe  much  indebted  for  your  favourable  letters  here- 
tofore written  in  my  behalfe  in  mine  honest  causes. 
Whereunto  I  may  adde,  that  when  this  worke  was  to 
passe  unto  the  presse,  your  Honour  did  not  onely 
intreate  a  worthy  knight,  a  person  of  speciall  experience, 
as  in  many  others  so  in  marine  causes,  to  oversee  and 
peruse  the  same,  but  also  upon  his  good  report  with  your 
most  favourable  letters  did  warrant,  and  with  extra- 
ordinarie commendation  did  approve  and  allow  my 
labours,  and  desire  to  publish  the  same.  Wherefore  to 
conclude,  seeing  they  take  their  life  and  light  from 
the  most  cheerefull  and  benigne  aspect  of  your  favour,  I 
thinke  it  my  bounden  dutie  in  all  humilitie  and  with 
much  bashfulnesse  to  recommend  my  selfe  and  them  unto 
your  right  Honorable  and  favourable  protection,  and 
your  Honour  to  the  mercifull  tuition  of  the  most  High. 
From  London  this  24.  of  October.  1599. 

Your  Honors  most  humble 
to  be  commanded, 

Richard  Hakluyt  preacher. 



----- (iii) 1600 Epistle Dedicatorie to Sir Robert Cecil (complete) -----
THE    EPISTLE    DEDICATORIE   IN   THE    THIRD    FOLUME 
OF   THE    SECOND    EDITION,    1600. 

To  the  Right  Honourable  Sir  Robert  Cecil  Knight, 
principall  Secretary  to  her  Majestic,  master  of 
the  Court  of  Wards  and  Liveries,  and  one  of 
her  Majesties  most  honourable  privie  Councel. 

Ight  honourable,  your  favourable  accep- 
tance of  my  second  volume  of  The  English 
voyages  offred  unto  you  the  last  yere, 
your  perusing  of  the  same  at  your  con- 
venient leasure,  your  good  testimony  of 
my  selfe  and  of  my  travailes  therein, 
together  with  the  infallible  signes  of  your 
earnest  desire  to  doe  mee  good,  which  very  lately,  when 
I  thought  least  thereof,  brake  forth  into  most  bountiful 
and  acceptable  eifects:  these  considerations  have  throughly 
animated  and  encouraged  me  to  present  unto  your  pru- 
dent censure  this  my  third  and  last  volume  also.  The 
subject  and  matter  herein  contained  is  the  fourth  part 
of  the  world,  which  more  commonly  then  properly  is 
called  America :  but  by  the  chiefest  authors  The  new 
world.  New,  in  regard  of  the  new  and  late  discovery 
thereof  made  by  Christopher  Colon,  alias  Columbus,  a 
Genouois  by  nation,  in  the  yere  of  grace  1492.  And 
world,  in  respect  of  the  huge  extension  thereof,  which 
to  this  day  is  not  throughly  discovered,  neither  within 
the  Inland  nor  on  the  coast,  especially  toward  the  North 
and  Northwest,  although  on  the  hither  side  it  be  knowen 
unto  us  for  the  space  of  five  thousand  leagues  at  the  least, 
compting  and  considering  the  trending  of  the  land,  and 

Ixxiv 


iM^ 


H 


«    gof^ 

»       t^     "   s 

.0    c  3  o 

C3  2  s^. 

."'.^  ^  = 

^IIJ 

tJJI 

8ng 
snot 

fthefe 

C  «  o  0^ 

■>ko  £  §  2 

1;    ^•J'^c 


g      -a  ^"  ■£«.;!  "5. 
£5  ^A^2^Z 


is 


TO    SIR   ROBERT   CECIL 

for  3000.  more  on  the  backeside  in  the  South  Sea  from 
the  Streight  of  Magellan  to  Cape  Mendo9ino  and  Nova 
Albion.  So  that  it  seemeth  very  fitly  to  be  called  A  newe 
worlde.  Howbeit  it  cannot  be  denied  but  that  Antiquitie 
had  some  kinde  of  dimme  glimse,  and  unperfect  notice 
thereof  Which  may  appeare  by  the  relation  of  Plato  in 
his  two  worthy  dialogues  of  Timaeus  and  Critias  under 
the  discourse  of  that  mighty  large  yland  called  by  him 
Atlantis,  lying  in  the  Ocean  sea  without  the  Streight  of 
Hercules,  now  called  the  Streight  of  Gibraltar,  being  (as 
he  there  reporteth)  bigger  then  Africa  &  Asia  :  And 
by  that  of  Aristotle  in  his  booke  De  admirandis  audition- 
ibus  of  the  long  navigation  of  certaine  Carthaginians, 
who  sayling  forth  of  the  aforesaid  Streight  of  Gibraltar 
into  the  maine  Ocean  for  the  space  of  many  dayes,  in 
the  ende  found  a  mighty  and  fruitfull  yland,  which 
they  would  have  inhabited,  but  were  forbidden  by  their 
Senate  and  chiefe  governours.  Moreover,  above  300. 
yeeres  after  these  wee  have  the  testimony  of  Diodorus 
Siculus  lib.  5.  cap.  7.  of  the  like  mighty  yland  discovered 
in  the  Westerne  Ocean  by  the  Tyrrheni,  who  were  for- 
bidden for  certaine  causes  to  inhabite  the  same  by  the 
foresaid  Carthaginians.  And  Seneca  in  his  tragedie 
intituled  Medea  foretold  above  1500.  yeeres  past,  that  in 
the  later  ages  the  Ocean  would  discover  new  worlds,  and 
that  the  yle  of  Thule  would  no  more  be  the  uttermost 
limite  of  the  earth.  For  whereas  Virgile  had  said  to  Au- 
gustus Caesar,  Tibi  serviat  ultima  Thule,  alluding  there- 
unto he  contradicteth  the  same,  and  saith,  Nee  sit  terris 
ultima  Thule.  Yea  Tertullian  one  of  our  most  ancient 
and  learned  divines,  in  the  beginning  of  his  treatise  de 
Pallio  alludeth  unto  Plato  his  Westerne  Atlantis,  which 
there  by  another  name  he  calleth  Aeon,  saying.  Aeon  in 
Atlantico  nunc  quaeritur.  And  in  his  40.  chapter  de 
Apologetico  he  reporteth  the  same  to  be  bigger  then  all 
Africa  and  Asia.  Of  this  New  world  and  every  speciall 
part  thereof  in  this  my  third  volume  I  have  brought  to 
light  the  best  &  most   perfect  relations  of  such  as  were 

Ixxv 


THE    EPISTLE   DEDICATORIE 

chiefe  actours  in  the  particular  discoveries  and  serches  of 
the  same,  giving  unto  every  man  his  right,  and  leaving 
every  one  to  mainteine  his  owne  credit.  The  order 
observed  in  this  worke  is  farre  more  exact,  then  here- 
tofore I  could  attaine  unto  :  for  whereas  in  my  two  former 
volumes  I  was  enforced  for  lacke  of  sufficient  store,  in 
divers  places  to  use  the  methode  of  time  onely  (which 
many  worthy  authors  on  the  like  occasion  are  enforced 
unto)  being  now  more  plentifully  furnished  with  matter, 
I  alwayes  follow  the  double  order  of  time  and  place. 
Wherefore  proposing  unto  my  selfe  the  right  situation 
of  this  New  world,  I  begin  at  the  extreme  Northerne 
limite,  and  put  downe  successively  in  one  ranke  or  classis, 
according  to  the  order  aforesaide,  all  such  voyages  as 
have  bene  made  to  the  said  part :  which  comming  all 
together,  and  following  orderly  one  upon  another,  doe 
much  more  lighten  the  readers  understanding,  and  con- 
firme  his  judgement,  then  if  they  had  bene  scattered 
in  sundry  corners  of  the  worke.  Which  methode  I 
observe  from  the  highest  North  to  the  lowest  South. 
Now  where  any  country  hath  bene  but  seldome  hanted, 
or  any  extraordinary  and  chiefe  action  occurreth,  if  I 
finde  one  voyage  well  written  by  two  severall  persons, 
sometimes  I  make  no  difficultie  to  set  downe  both  those 
journals,  as  finding  divers  things  of  good  moment  observed 
in  the  one,  which  are  quite  omitted  in  the  other.  For 
commonly  a  souldier  observeth  one  thing,  and  a  mariner 
another,  and  as  your  honour  knoweth.  Plus  vident  oculi, 
quam  oculus.  But  this  course  I  take  very  seldome  and 
sparingly.  And  albeit  my  worke  do  carry  the  title  of 
The  English  voyages,  aswell  in  regard  that  the  greatest 
part  are  theirs,  and  that  my  travaile  was  chiefly  undertaken 
for  preservation  of  their  memorable  actions,  yet  where  our 
owne  mens  experience  is  defective,  there  I  have  bene  care- 
ful to  supply  the  same  with  the  best  and  chiefest  relations 
of  strangers.  As  in  the  discovery  of  the  Grand  Bay,  of  the 
mighty  river  of  S.  Laurence,  of  the  countries  of  Canada, 
Hochelaga,  and    Saguenay,   of    Florida,   and    the  Inland 

Ixxvi 


TO    SIR   ROBERT    CECIL 

of  Cibola,  Tiguex,  Cicuic,  and  Quivira,  of  The  gulfe 
of  California,  &  the  Northwesterne  sea-coast  to  Cabo 
Mendogino  and  Sierra  Nevada :  as  also  of  the  late  &  rich 
discovery  of  15.  provinces  on  the  backside  of  Florida  and 
Virginia,  the  chiefest  wherof  is  called  the  kingdome  of 
New  Mexico,  for  the  wealth,  civil  government,  and  popu- 
lousnesse  of  the  same.  Moreover,  because  since  our  warres 
with  Spaine,  by  the  taking  of  their  ships,  and  sacking  of 
their  townes  and  cities,  most  of  all  their  secrets  of  the 
West  Indies,  and  every  part  thereof  are  fallen  into  our 
peoples  hands  (which  in  former  time  were  for  the  most 
part  unknowen  unto  us,)  I  have  used  the  uttermost  of 
my  best  endevour,'  to  get,  and  having  gotten,  to  translate 
out  of  Spanish,  and  here  in  this  present  volume  to  publish 
such  secrets  of  theirs,  as  may  any  way  availe  us  or  annoy 
them,  if  they  drive  and  urge  us  by  their  sullen  insolencies, 
to  continue  our  courses  of  hostilitie  against  them,  and 
shall  cease  to  seeke  a  good  and  Christian  peace  upon 
indifferent  and  equal  conditions.  What  these  things  be, 
and  of  how  great  importance  your  honour  in  part  may 
understand,  if  it  please  you  to  vouchsafe  to  reade  the 
Catalogues  conteyning  the  14.  principal  heads  of  this 
worke.  Whereby  your  honor  may  farther  perceive  that 
there  is  no  chiefe  river,  no  port,  no  towne,  no  citie,  no 
province  of  any  reckoning  in  the  West  Indies,  that  hath 
not  here  some  good  description  thereof,  aswell  for  the 
inland  as  the  seast-coast.  And  for  the  knowledge  of 
the  true  breadth  of  the  Sea  betweene  Nova  Albion  on  the 
Northwest  part  of  America,  and  the  yle  of  Japan  lying 
over  against  the  kingdomes  of  Coray  and  China,  which 
until  these  foure  yeeres  was  never  reveiled  unto  us,  being 
a  point  of  exceeding  great  consequence,  I  have  here 
inserted  the  voyage  of  one  Francis  Gualle  a  Spaniard 
made  from  Acapulco  an  haven  on  the  South  sea  on  the 
coast  of  New  Spaine,  first  to  the  Philippinas,  and  then  to 
the  citie  of  Macao  in  China,  and  homeward  from  Macao 
by  the  yles  of  Japan,  and  thence  to  the  back  of  the  West 
Indies    in   the   Northerly  latitude   of  37.  degrees  |-.     In 

Ixxvii 


THE   EPISTLE   DEDICATORIE 

regions,  which  to  good  purpose  may  serve  our  peoples 
turnes,  if  they  chance  to  prosecute  the  intermitted 
discovery  by  the  Northwest,  whereunto  1  finde  divers 
worshipfull  citizens  at  this  present  much  incHned.  Now 
because  long  since  I  did  foresee,  that  my  profession  of 
divinitie,  the  care  of  my  family,  and  other  occasions 
might  call  and  divert  me  from  these  kinde  of  endevours, 
1  have  for  these  3.  yeeres  last  past  encouraged  and 
furthered  in  these  studies  of  Cosmographie  and  forren 
histories,  my  very  honest,  industrious,  and  learned  friend 
M.  John  Pory,  one  of  speciall  skill  and  extraordinary 
hope  to  performe  great  matters  in  the  same,  and  beneficial 
for  the  common  wealth. 

Thus    Sir  I   have    portrayed  out   in    rude    lineaments 

my  Westerne  Atlantis   or  America  :    assuring    you,   that 

if  I    had  bene  able,  I  would    have  limned   her  and   set 

her  out  with  farre  more  lively  and  exquisite  colours  :   yet, 

as  she  is,  I  humbly  desire  you  to  receive  her  with  your 

wonted  and  accustomed  favour  at  my  handes,  who  alwayes 

wil  remaine  most  ready  and  devoted  to  do  your  honour 

any  poore  service  that  I  may  ;  and  in  the  meane  season 

will    not    faile    unfainedly    to    beseech   the   Almighty   to 

powre    upon    you    the    best    of  his    temporall    blessings 

in    this    world,    and    after    this    life    ended    with     true 

and   much   honour,  to   make  you   partaker    of 

his  joyes  eternall.     From  London  the 

first  of  September,  the  yeere 

of  our  Lord  God 

1600. 

Your  Honours  most  humble  to 
be  commanded, 

Richard  Hakluyt,  Preacher. 


f^ 


I 


''iM  M 


..<s       \/^    [.^M\J^     I^TIV5QV£     MVNDJ    NOTA   511    MAGNITVDO    CICERO' 


s\j^:^ 


THE   FIRST   VOLUME 


