SOURCE HEADER | URL: https://archive.org/download/recordsofvirgini01virg/recordsofvirgini01virg_djvu.txt | Edition: Kingsbury (ed.), The Records of the Virginia Company of London, vol. I (Court Book 1619-1622), Washington: GPO 1906 | Fetched: 2026-09-14 (UTC) by worker B | Raw OCR text, unedited
----

Siihrnrq 


llniurrsttii  nf  ^Jittaburgl) 


'par. 


luuk 


V.  I 


Digitized  by  the  Internet  Archive 

in  2009  with  funding  from 

University  of  Pittsburgh  Library  System 


http://www.archive.org/details/recordsofvirgini01virg 


m 


's   ^^d^ 


\ 


■  ■-■^i 


; '^s"4$l  i4  ^'^  r- 


U  f '"■ 


^ 


h 


U 


Li-         ;; 


\ 


A 


t  i 

■'rl> 


-—*—**•  -r-^ 

%' 


K(:i38[jnRM  fcni^nO  ^.i.    >    .  arnuIoV  )o  nobejiii^iaO  J 


I.  Certification  of  Volume  I  of  the  Original  Manuscript 


THE  RECORDS  OF 

THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY  OF 

LONDON 


THE   COURT  BOOK 

VOLUME   I 


LIBRARY  OF  CONGRESS 


(Tljf  Iprnr&B  of 
®I|p  Utrgtma  Olompattg  of  Slnnbon 

THE  COURT  BOOK,  FROM  THE  MANUSCRIPT 
IN  THE  LIBRARY  OF  CONGRESS 


EDITED 
WITH  AN  INTRODUCTION  AND  BIBLIOGRAPHY,  BY 

SUSAN    MYRA   KINGSBURY,  A.  M.,  Ph.  D. 


INSTRUCTOR  IN  HISTORY  AND  ECONOMICS 
SIMMONS  COLLEGE 


PREFACE    BY 

HERBERT  LEVI   OSGOOD,   A.  M.,  Ph.  D. 

PROFESSOR  OF  AMERICAN  HISTORY  IN 
COLUMBIA  UNIVERSITY 


VOLUME    I 


WASHINGTON 

GOVERNMENT   PRINTING  OFFICE 

1906 


L.  C.   canl,  6-35006 


In  my  report  for  190-1  I  gave  the  reasons  in  favor  of  the  printing  by  the  Library 
of  this  and  of  similar  unpublished  manuscript  records  in  its  possession.  It  would 
save  excessive  wear  and  tear  upon  the  originals;  it  would  enable  the  texts  to  be 
studied  by  investigators  who  can  not  come  to  Washington;  and  it  would  encourage 
that  thorough,  detailed,  and  continuing  study  of  them  which  their  value  and  interest 
and  a  proper  understanding  of  American  history  require.  These  reasons  apply  with 
peculiar  force  to  the  Records  of  the  Virginia  Company,  unique  in  themselves  and 
unique  of  their  kind,  and  an  additional  one,  in  their  case  influential;  that  publication 
would  make  them  available  to  persons  who  would  not  master  the  difficult  chirography 
of  the  original. 

Their  history  is  fully  told  in  the  Introduction  by  Miss  Kingsbur}',  and  their 
importance  as  a  document  emphasized  in  the  Preface  by  Professor  Osgood.  Previous 
efforts  to  secure  their  publication  in  extenso  had  not  been  successful.  The  present 
one  originated  in  a  proposal  by  Professor  Osgood  in  behalf  of  the  Public  Archives 
Commission  of  the  American  Historical  Association  to  edit  them  as  a  contribution 
to  one  of  the  Annual  Reports  of  the  Association;  and  although  the  work  as  issued  is 
an  independent  publication  of  the  Library,  it  has  had  the  benefit  of  his  expert  counsel. 
It  was  at  his  instance  also  that  Miss  Kingsbury,  then  a  graduate  student  in  his 
department  at  Columbia,  began  the  undertaking  which  she  has  so  well  accomplished, 
and  which  has  consisted  (1)  in  a  complete  transcript  of  the  text  itself;  (2)  in  a  close 
stud}'  not  merely  of  this  but  of  the  numerous  collateral  and  subsidiary  documents 
both  here  and  abroad;  (3)  in  the  preparation  of  the  Introduction,  Notes,  Bibliography, 
and  Index;  and  (i)  in  aid  upon  the  proof.  The  proof  has  also,  however,  been  read 
word  for  word  with  the  original  text,  and  revised  by  the  Chief  of  the  Division  of 
Manuscripts,  with  the  excellent  assistance  of  Miss  Minnie  V.  Stinson  of  that  Division. 

Herbert  Putxaxi 

Librarian  of  Ccnigress 

WORTHINGTON   ChAUNCEY   FoRD 

Chief,  Division  of  Man  uscrij)ts 

3 


lG95e4 


l^xi^tntt 


The  records,  and  especially  the  Court  Book,  of  the  Virginia  Company  of  London 
have  long  been  regarded  as  among  the  most  precious  manuscript  treasures  which 
have  found  a  lodgment  within  the  United  States.  Not  only  is  their  inherent  value 
as  an  historical  source  very  great,  as  has  been  explained  by  the  editor  in  her 
introduction,  but  a  sentimental  value  also  attaches  to  them.  This  has  a  twofold 
origin.  It  arises,  in  the  first  place,  from  the  fact  that  they  belong  at  once  to  the 
romantic  period  of  our  own  beginnings  and  to  the  heroic  period  of  England's  great 
struggle  against  absolutism.  The  men  who  figure  in  the  pages  of  this  record  were  at 
the  same  time  playing  their  parts,  on  the  one  side  or  the  other,  in  the  controversies 
which  were  then  beginning  with  James  I,  and  which  were  to  broaden  and  deepen 
under  his  son  till  England  was  plunged  into  the  agonies  of  the  great  civil  war.  They 
were  contemporaries,  and  in  not  a  few  cases  associates,  of  Coke  and  Eliot  and 
Hampden,  of  Bacon  and  Wentworth  and  Buckingham.  The  names  of  Sandys  and 
the  Ferrars  stand  high  on  the  roll  of  patriots  by  which  the  first  generation  of  the 
Stuart  period  is  distinguished.  These  same  men  also,  together  with  a  long  list  of 
the  merchants  and  nobles  of  the  time,  were  deeply  interested  in  discovery  and 
colonization.  As  successors  of  Gilbert  and  Raleigh  they  were  planting  a  new 
England  beyond  the  Atlantic.  About  this  enterprise  still  clung  some  of  the  spirit 
and  memories  of  the  Elizabethan  seamen  and  their  earl}'  struggles  with  Spain. 
In  the  days  when  Smythe  and  Sandys  were  active  the  prosaic  age  of  English 
colonization  had  not  yet  begun.  The  glamour  of  romance,  of  the  hei'oic,  attaches  to 
the  founding  of  Virginia  and  Plymouth,  and  makes  them  fit  subjects  for  the  poet. 
B}'  the  time  when  the  other  colonies  were  founded  the  glow  and  inspiration  had 
giown  faint  or  wholly  disappeared.  In  the  Records  of  the  Virginia  Company  some 
reflection  may  be  seen  of  this  early  zeal,  of  the  plans  and  ideals  to  which  it  gave  rise. 
Even  their  pages,  cast  in  a  style  which  is  quite  unusual  in  records  of  this  nature, 
make  one  realize  that  he  is  in  the  company  of  noble  and  earnest  spirits,  men  who 
were  conscious  that  they  were  engaged  in  a  great  enterprise.  The  Court  Book  itself, 
now  that  it  is  printed  in  full,  will  be  found  to  be  a  worthy  monument  of  English 
speech,  as  it  was  used  at  the  close  of  the  Elizabethan  epoch  and  by  contemporaries 
of  Shakespeare  and  Bacon. 

The  fate  which  probably  befell  the  original  of  this  record,  and  the  unusual  steps 
which  it  became  necessary  to  take  in  order  to  secure  and  preserve  a  copy,  were  nat- 
ural consequences  of  the  struggles  of  the  time,  and  add  still  further  to  the  interest  of 

5 


6  RECORDS  OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

the  text  as  we  now  possess  it.  Miss  Kingsbury,  by  her  use  of  the  Ferrar  papers, 
has  been  able  to  establish  by  the  clearest  proof  the  connection  of  Nicholas  Ferrar 
with  the  transcription,  and  in  many  other  ways  she  has  added  definiteness  to  the 
accounts  usualh'  given  of  the  origin  and  preservation  of  the  record  as  we  now  possess 
it.  The  transfer  of  the  copj'  of  the  Court  Book  to  Virginia  and  its  transmission 
from  hand  to  hand  till,  through  the  medium  of  Thomas  Jefferson's  library,  it  finally 
passed  into  the  possession  of  Congress  fittingly  concludes  the  remarkable  history  of 
the  preservation  of  this  manuscript. 

The  high  estimate  which  has  been  placed  on  its  value  is  evidenced  not  only  by  the 
use  that  has  been  made  of  it  by  historians,  but  b}'  the  long-continued  efforts  which  have 
been  made  to  secure  its  publication.  In  1858  Mr.  J.  Wingate  Thornton,  in  an  article 
in  the  "Historical  Magazine,"  explained  the  nature  of  the  Court  Book,  told  how  it 
had  been  preserved,  and  insisted  upon  the  importance  of  its  being  published.  "As 
these  volumes  are  of  national  rather  than  of  local  interest,"  said  he,  "reaching  back 
to  the  very  foundation  of  the  English  companies  for  colonizing  America;  as  they  have 
escaped  thechancesandmishapsof  two  centuries,  on  either  side  of  the  Atlantic,  .  .  . 
and  as  Providence  has  now  placed  them  in  the  keeping  of  our  National  Congress, 
is  it  not  our  national  duty  to  have  them  appropriately  edited  and  published  i "  The 
following  year  Mr.  Thornton  published  a  pamphlet  in  Boston,  in  which  he  outlined 
the  histor}'  of  the  manuscript  and  again  raised  the  question  of  its  publication.  But 
soon  the  Civil  War  came  on,  and  plans  of  that  kind,  especially  so  far  as  they  related 
to  southern  history,  had  to  be  postponed. 

But  in  1868,  three  years  after  the  close  of  the  war,  Mr.  Edward  D.  Neill  pre- 
sented a  memorial  to  Congress,  in  which  he  dwelt  on  the  neglect  b_v  historians  of 
these  most  valuable  manuscripts.  He  stated  that,  while  preparing  his  book  entitled 
"Terra  Mariae,"  he  had  familiarized  himself  with  the  chirography  of  the  records. 
He  now  offered  to  undertake  their  editing  without  compensation,  if  he  might  be  fur- 
nished with  two  copyists  for  a  limited  time  and  be  allowed  a  small  sum  for  stationery 
and  contingent  expenses.  But  this  offer  met  with  no  response,  and  Mr.  Neill  was 
forced  to  content  himself  with  the  publication  of  extracts  from  the  manuscript  in  his 
"History  of  the  Virginia  Company  of  London"  (Albany,  1869). 

in  March,  1877,  Mr.  Robert  A.  Brock,  of  the  Virginia  Historical  Society,  pub- 
lished in  the  "  Richmond  Daily  Dispatch"  a  "  Plea  for  the  Publication  of  the  Records 
of  the  Virginia  Company."  In  1S81  Senator  John  W.  Johnston,  of  Virginia,  intro- 
duced into  Congress  a  bill  which  was  intended  to  provide  for  the  publication  of  the 
records.     This  passed  the  Senate,  but  failed  in  the  House. 

During  three  successive  sessions  between  the  3'ears  1885  and  1888  Dr.  J.  Franklin 
Jameson  applied  to  the  Library  Committee  of  Congress  for  permission  to  edit  and 
publish  the  records  without  expense  to  the  Government.  His  plan  was  to  obtain  a 
sufficient  number  of  subscribers  to  justify  the  issue  of  the  volumes  by  a  private  firm 
and  to  meet  the  cost  of  the  sale.  Another  suggestion  which  he  also  made  was  the 
appointment  of  a  commission  which  should  concern  itself  with  the  publishing  of 


PREFACE  7 

historical  material  in  the  possession  of  Congress.  While  occupied  with  this  matter 
Dr.  Jameson  explained  the  history  and  value  of  the  records  to  the  Rhode  Island 
Historical  Society,  and  his  address  was  reviewed  in  the  "  Magazine  of  American 
ffistory"  (vol.  21,  January-June,  1889,  p.  82). 

But  meantime  some  progress  had  been  made  with  the  actual  printing  of  the  Court 
Book.  Mr.  Conway  Robinson  had  made  copious  extracts  from  it,  especially  of  the 
documentary  material  which  is  contained  in  the  second  volume.  His  extracts  the 
Virginia  Historical  Society  published  in  1889,  under  the  editorship  of  Mr.  R.  A.  Brock. 
Until  the  present  time  this  edition,  in  two  volumes,  has  served  the  purpose  of  most 
students.  But  the  requirements  of  historical  study  in  this  country  have  now  reached 
a  point  where  more  complete  and  critical  editions  of  the  sources  are  needed  than  have 
been  common  in  the  past.  If  this  need  was  to  be  met,  it  became  at  once  apparent 
that  no  body  of  records  was  better  adapted  for  a  beginning  than  those  which  related 
to  the  Virginia  Company  of  London.  In  date  and  subject  matter  they  stand  at  the 
very  threshold  of  American  history.  In  character  they  form  a  distinct  and  unique 
group  of  material.  By  the  issue  of  a  definitive  edition  of  these  records  the  demand 
which  scholars  have  so  long  made  for  their  publication  would  be  met  and  satisfied. 
It  was  under  the  influence  of  considerations  like  these  that  the  present  work  was 
midertaken. 

In  the  preparation  of  this  body  of  records  for  the  press  critical  accuracy  and 
helpfulness  have  been  sought  in  all  possible  ways.  The  spelling  of  the  original  has 
been  carefully  preserved  throughout,  for  in  editing  a  source  of  this  character  and 
importance  any  attempt  to  modernize  the  text  would  be  properly  regarded  as  unjusti- 
fiable. Not  only  has  the  spelling  been  preserved,  but  also  the  signs  and  abbrevia- 
tions which  abound,  the  use  of  which  the  men  of  the  period  had  inherited  from  still 
earlier  times.  So  far  as  such  a  thing  is  possible  in  print,  the  text  is  exactly  repro- 
duced in  these  volumes,  while  an  added  element  of  reality  is  supplied  by  the  photo- 
graphs of  specimen  pages  of  the  original  manuscript. 

Brief  notes  have  been  added  where  it  was  necessary  to  explain  or  call  attention 
to  obscurities,  omissions,  or  other  irregularities  in  the  text,  the  purpose  being  to 
enable  the  reader  to  gain  information  of  this  kind  from  the  printed  page  with  the 
same  certainty  as  if  he  were  using  the  manuscript.  In  the  notes,  cross  references 
have  also  been  given  to  the  documents  of  the  company  and  to  its  publications,  when 
they  have  been  found  to  reproduce,  or  to  illustrate  and  make  more  definite,  the  state- 
ments which  are  contained  in  the  Court  Book.  In  citations  of  this  kind  the  number 
of  each  document  is  given  as  it  appears  in  the  List  of  Records  in  the  Introduction. 
In  this  way  the  unity  of  the  records  of  the  company  as  a  whole  receives  illustration, 
and  the  investigator  will  be  aided  in  any  efi'ort  which  he  may  make  to  learn  all  which 
they  have  to  reveal  in  reference  to  any  subject.  Finally,  the  index  completes  the 
invaluable  service  which  Miss  Kingsbury  has  rendered  in  the  editorship  of  the  work. 

Herbert  L.  Osgood 
Columbia  University 


Ol0nt^nt0 


Page 
NOTE >-        3 

PREFACE  5 

INTRODUCTION 11 

I.  Character  op  the  Virginia  Company: 

Comparison  with  earlier  movemeuts  for  discovery .  11 

Comparison  with  earlier  movements  for  trade 11 

Importance  of  the  Virginia  Records 14 

II.  The  Records  of  the  Company  under  Sir  Thomas  Smythe: 

Organization  of  the  company  under  the  charter  of  1606 17 

Change  in  character  from  1606  to  1609  21 

Classes  of  records,  character  and  value 23 

I.  Fundamental  documents  emanating  from  the  Crown.  II.  The  court  books.  III. 
Documents  issued  by  the  company.  IV.  Letters  from  the  planters  and  the 
outline  of  Argall's  register  in  the  colony.  \'.  Publications  of  the  company. 
VI.  Private  papers  of  adventurers.  VII.  Supplementary  contemporary  cor- 
respondence 

III.  The  Collections  of  Documents,  1616-1624: 

General  character  of  the  records .  39 

The  Jefferson  Library  in  the  Library  of  Congress 41 

The  copy  of  the  court  book — acquirement  by  Mr.  Jefferson.  Manuscript  records  of 
the  company.  Volume  III.  The  "courte  booke"  of  the  colony — contents  and 
description 

Transcripts  of  the  Virginia  Records 48 

Randolph  copy  in  the  collection  of  the  Virginia  Historical  Society.  Jefferaon  tran- 
scripts. Transcripts  of  documents  in  England  recently  acquired  by  tlie  Library  of 
Congress 

Documents  in  Richmond ? 

Manuscripts  in  the  New  York  Public  Library 

Collections  of  Americana         ............ 

John  Carter  Brown  Library,  New  York  Public  Library,   Harvard  Library,  Private 

Transcripts  in  the  New  York  Public  Library 58 

Collections  in  England — Ferrar  Papers,  Magdalene  College,  Cambridge       ...  59 

History,  description,  and  contents 

Collections  in  England — Public  Record  Office 61 

Manchester  papers,  history  and  character.  State  papers,  colonial  and  domestic. 
Records  of  courts:  Admiralty,  chancery,  quo  warranto,  the  King's  bench.  Origin 
and  character 

Collections  in  England — The  Privy  Council  Ofiice 66 

Collections  in  England — British  Museum 67 

9 


10  RECORDS  OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

IV.  The  Records  of  the  Company  under  the  Sandys-Soi'Thampton  Administration:  Page 

Organization  of  the  company — Membership,  meetingi?,  officers 71 

Metliods  of  procedure — General  usage  and  elections.     Rewards 74 

Record  books  provided  for  by  the  company 75 

The  extant  records — The  court  book 78 

History  of  the  contemporary  copy.  Description  of  the  contemporary  copy  in  the 
Library  of  Congress.  System  of  keeping  the  court  book.  Contents  of  the  court 
book 

The  extant  supplementary  records 87 

Documents  giving  an  outline  of  the  activity  of  the  company.     Documents  revealing 
the  movements  for  trade  and  industry.     Documents  which  concern  the  relation 
with  the  colony.     Records  of  the  colony.     Documents  which  concern  the  develop- 
ment of  fa;tions  and  the  recall  of  the  charter.     Documents  which  record  the 
relations  between  the  company  and  the  Crown 
Conclusion — Value  of  the  Virginia  Records      .........  103 

Understanding  of  the  organization  and  activity  of  the  company.  Value  in  a  study  of 
problems  of  state  and  of  proprietary  colonies. 

V.  The  Fate  of  the  Original  Records  of  the  Company: 

Events  leading  up  to  the  confiscation  of  the  records  by  the  Privy  Council        .         .         .         107 

The  conflsc^ition  of  the  records,  May  22,  1623 108 

In  charge  of  the  clerk  of  the  Privy  Council,  May  22-November  7,  1623.  In  charge 
of  commissioners. 

Theories  as  to  the  fate  of  the  records Ill 

Retention  by  the  Privy  Council  for  the  successive  commissions  of  1625,   1631,  and 
1634.     Dissipation  among  the  members  of  the  successive  commissions.     Private 
collections  which  have  been  searched  in  vain  for  these  records 
Destruction  of  the  records 115 

BIBLIOGRAPHICAL  LIST  OF  THE  RECORDS  OF  THE  COMPANY         ....        119 

TABLE  OF  EXPLANATIONS 207 

THE  COURT  BOOK,  VOLUME  I 215 

April  28,  1619,  to  May  8,  1622. 


KUuHtrattnna 


I.  Certification  of  Volume  I  op  the  Original  MS 


II.  Writinc;  of  Thomas  Collett  (?)  . 

Being  page  54  of  Volume  I  of  the  original  MtS. 


Front. 
280 


III.  Writini;  of  the  Fir-st  Copylst  (not  identified)  with  John  Ferrar's  Notes 
A  record  of  the  Summer  Islands'  Courts,  from  the  Ferrar  Papers. 


344 


IV.  Writing  of  the  Third  Copyist  (not  identified) 
Being  page  214  of  Volume  I  of  the  original  MS. 


464 


L    ©In?  (Uliarartrr  of  tl|f  Olompang 

The  individual  eflfort  which  had  revealed  itself  at  the  close  of  the  medieval 
period  in  other  phases  of  the  economic  development  and  in  the  military  history  of 
the  past  quarter  century  was  especially  prominent  in  the  movement  in  1606  for  a 
society  of  adventurers  to  trade  in  Virginia.  The  conmiercial  advance  had  been 
due  chiefly  to  private  enterprise,  and  the  naval  expeditions  into  the  West  Indies 
against  the  Spanish  had  been  fitted  out  and  prosecuted  by  such  adventurous  spirits  as 
Sir  Francis  Drake,  while  the  zeal  for  exploration  and  for  gold,  which  inspired  John 
and  Sebastian  Cabot  to  search  for  a  passage  to  Cathay  and  the  East  Indies  in  l-i97, 
led  Sir  Humphrey  Gilbert  and  Sir  Walter  Raleigh  a  century  later  to  seek  out  the 
resources  of  the  lands  from  Florida  to  Newfoundland.  It  is  the  same  spirit  of 
adventure  which  inspired  the  narratives  of  John  Smith  and  Henry  Spelman  as 
they  told  of  their  relations  with  the  Indians  of  America.  But  it  is  in  the  progress 
of  both  the  commercial  and  the  political  life  of  England  that  the  Virginia  Company 
is  important.  For  the  plantation  founded  and  nourished  by  a  private  concern  as  an 
enterprise  purely  for  gain  was  the  social  cause  from  which  developed  the  colony 
as  a  form  of  government.  Its  political  organization  is  seen  in  its  relations  to  the 
Crown,  of  which  there  were  two  distinct  phases.  During  the  first  three  years  it 
was  distinctly  a  creature  of  the  King,  the  affairs  of  which  were  conducted  by  the 
King  through  a  council  created  by  himself  and  responsible  to  himself,  while  to  the 
investors  were  left  the  privileges  of  raising  the  funds,  furnishing  the  supplies,  and 
sending  out  the  expeditions.  It  was  a  modification  of  this  form  of  management  to 
which  the  government  reverted  after  the  dissolution  of  the  Company  in  16-24.  and 
again  at  the  end  of  the  century  when  royal  colonies  were  substituted  for  proprietary 
and  corporate  forms  throughout  America.  In  the  second  phase  the  undertakers 
became  distinctly  proprietary,  retaining  the  commercial  responsibilities,  but  assum- 
ing governmental  functions  in  place  of  the  King. 

A  comparison  between  the  royal  grants  for  discovery  in  the  sixteenth  century 
and  those  of  the  Virginia  Company  shows  that  there  was  an  increase  in  the 
direct  territorial  relations  between  King  and  subject,  a  limitation  up.Mi  monopoly 


12  IXTROnUCTION 

of  trade,  and  a  tendency  on  the  part  of  the  Crown  to  retain  directly  or  indirectly 
the  powers  of  government.  Thus,  in  the  letters  patent  to  Richard  ^Varde,  Thomas 
Ashehurst,  and  associates  in  1501,"  to  Sir  Humphrey  Gilbert  in  1578,  and  to  Sir 
Walter  Raleigh  in  1584,*  the  Crown  conferred  proprietorship  of  land  with  the 
right  to  grant  it  out  in  fee  simple  at  will.  But  in  1606  the  land  was  held  by  the 
undertakers,  and  again  in  1609  by  the  adventurers  and  planters  in  free  and  common 
socage,  as  of  the  manor  of  Greenwich  of  the  county  of  Kent.  Under  the  first  Vir- 
ginia charter  it  wa^-  granted  by  the  King  to  those  approved  by  the  council;  under 
the  second,  by  the  members  of  the  company  to  anyone  who  should  have  adventured 
a  certain  sum  of  money  or  his  person.  The  tief,  distinctly  so  called  in  the  early 
charters,  for  which  homage  was  to  be  rendered,  with  no  service,  however,  save  that 
of  one-fifth  of  the  gold  and  silver  gained,  had  disappeared;  and  the  only  direct  feudal 
relation  with  the  King  which  remained  arose  from  the  requirement  of  a  per  cent  of  the 
precious  metals.  The  monopoly  of  trade  by  which  Warde,  Gilbert,  and  Raleigh  were 
allowed  to  seize  and  detain  any  one  who  trafficked  within  two  hundred  leagues  of  a  set- 
tlement was  altered  in  1606  so  that  the  planters  had  only  the  right  of  collecting  a 
tax  from  such  interlopers.  The  rights  of  government  which  had  been  surrendered 
absolutely  to  the  grantees  in  the  sixteenth  century  charters  were  reserved  to  the 
King  by  the  letters  patent  of  1606  to  be  exercised  through  the  council.  In  1609 
these  powers  were  conferred  on  the  companj'  as  an  open  body,  it  must  be  remem- 
bered, and  thus  differed  from  the  earlier  grants  and  from  the  later  proprietary  grants 
to  Lord  Baltimore  or  to  William  Penn. 

Although  the  charter  emphasizes  the  government  of  the  i)lantation,  the  Virginia 
Company  was  purely  a  ('ommercial  enterprise  conducted  by  a  private  concern,  even 
before  the  charter  of  1609,  as  is  shown  by  the  history  of  its  early  years.  It  was 
backed  by  the  patronage  of  the  King,  but  onh'  for  the  purpose  of  advancing  the  trade 
of  the  Kingdom  in  foreign  parts  and  saving  the  Crown  from  expense  and  responsi- 
bility, as  had  been  the  policy  in  regard  to  the  other  trading  companies.  Nevertheless, 
it  was  a  step  toward  colonial  expansion,  for,  as  has  well  been  said,  "  the  explorer  is 
potentially  a  colonizer,"  and  the  army  of  laborers  on  the  plantation  became  in  time 
an  army  of  free  tenants  in  a  colony.''  While  in  the  spirit  of  its  commercial  life  the 
company  was  closely  allied  to  the  efforts  for  exploration  and  search  for  gold,  morally 
supported  ))y  Elizabeth  in  her  feudal  grants,  in  its  organization,  as  well  as  in  its  pur- 
pose, it  resembled  the  private  companies  for  trade  based  on  ancient  charters,  and  in  its 
development  is  to  be  understood  only  through  a  knowledge  of  both  of  these  earlier 
movements. 

"Bidflle,  CahnI,  Appendix,  pp.  312,  314,  for  this  rharter. 

(■Hakhiyt,  Principal  Nai-igalions,  VIII,  17-23,  289-296. 

<^ Osgood,  H.  L.,  The  American  Colonies  in  the  17lh  Century,  I,  83. 


CHARACTER  OF  THE  COMPAKY  13 

Thus  in  order  to  protect  trade,  but  not  for  exploration  and  settlement,  the  ancient 
charters  granted  to  the  Merchant  Adventurers  in  1407  and  1462,  and  particularly  the 
one  of  1564,  incorporated  that  company  into  a  "Body  Politick."  The  words  of  the 
grant  declared  its  purpose  to  be  "for  the  good  Government,  Rule  and  Order  of 
the  *  *  *  Fellowship  of  Merchants  Adventurers  *  *  *.  As  also  of  all  and 
every  other  of  the  subject  of  our  heirs  *  *  *  using  the  seate  of  Trade  of  the 
said  Merchants  Adventurers  *  *  *.""  This  was  also  the  object  expressed  in 
the  charter  to  the  East  India  Company,*  although  it  contained  an  additional  provi- 
sion for  the  acquisition  of  lands  by  purchase.  Monopoly  of  trade  and  powers  of 
government  over  factors,  masters,  or  others  in  the  emploj-  of  the  company  were 
conferred,  but  the  exemption  from  customs  was  to  continue  for  only  four  years,  and 
the  only  settlements  provided  for  were  to  have  the  form  of  factories.  It  had  been 
established  as  a  regulated  company,  that  is,  one  in  which  each  individual  invested  his 
own  capital  subject  to  the  rules  of  the  company';  but  in  1612  b}-  increasing  the 
importance  of  the  directors  and  investing  sums  for  a  limited  period  it  became  a 
joint  stock  company." 

As  a  prototype  of  the  companies  later  incorporated  both  for  discovery  and 
trade,  such  as  the  Virginia  Company,  the  Muscovy  or  Russian  Company,  known  as 
the  "  Merchant  Adventurers  of  England  for  the  discoveries  of  lands  and  territories 
unknown,"  was  established  in  1555  with  a  joint  stock  of  £6,000.  Sebastian  Cabot 
was  appointed  governor  for  life  and  with  him  was  associated  a  board  of  directors  of 
4  consuls  and  24  assistants.  However,  this  company  had  also  the  rights  of  the  compa- 
nies for  exploration — that  is,  those  of  conquest,  of  acquiring  lands,  and  of  seizing  the 
ships  of  any  who  should  infringe  on  their  monopoly  of  trade.''  In  1583  a  committee 
from  the  Muscovy  merchants  drew  up  a  set  of  resolutions  concerning  a  conference 
with  M.  Carlile  upon  his  "intended  discoverie  and  attempt  into  the  hithermost  parts 
of  America,"*  which  was  not  dissimilar  to  the  plan  of  Sir  Walter  Raleigh,  and  hence 
foreshadowed  companies  of  the  seventeenth  century.  It  proposed  to  send  forth 
100  men  for  one  year,  providing  £4,000  for  the  adventure,  in  order  to  gain  a 
"knowledge  of   the  particular  estate  of  the  countrv  and  gather  what  commodity 

oLingelbach,  Tlie  Merchant  Advenluren  of  England,  218-236  for  extracts  fr<>m  the  charters.  The 
first  two  are  published  in  Rymer,  Foedera,  and  Hakluyt. 

b  East  India  Companij,  CItnrters. 

"Cunningham,  W.,  the  Growth  of  English  Indastri/  and  Commerce  hi  Modem  Times  (edition  of 
1903),  Part  I,  ch.  VI,  sec.  YII. 

''See  the  patent  in  Ilakhiyt,  II,  304-316.  For  full  citation  of  the  titles  of  printed  '.vorks  rcferrtnl 
to  in  the  notes,  see  the  Biblioj^raphy,  p.  212,  jiost. 

(■See  "Articles  set  down  by  the  Committees  appointed  in  behalfe  of  the  Company  of  -Muscovian 
Marchants  to  conferre  with  M.  Carlile,  upon  his  intended  discoverie  and  attempt  into  the  hither- 
most  parts  of  America,"  printed  in  Hakluyt,  VIII,  147-150. 


14  JlfTRODVCTION 

may  hereafter  be  looked  for."  Also,  like  the  Virginia  Company,  it  provided  for  a 
joint  stock  consisting  of  two  groups,  one  of  "adventurers"  and  one  of  "enterprisers," 
each  to  have  one-half  of  the  lands  which  should  be  divided  among  the  members  by 
the  generality,  but  all  trade  was  to  belong  to  the  adventurers  and  the  corporation  was 
to  be  closed  after  the  first  adventure.  The  scheme  differed  from  the  sixteenth  century 
enterprises,  which  were  especially  intended  for  exploration,  in  that  no  question  of 
government  was  considered,  but  it  conformed  to  the  ideas  of  Gilbert  and  Raleigh 
and  of  the  trading  companies,  in  that  its  rights  over  trade  were  to  be  purely 
monopolistic. 

Apparently  this  plan  of  the  Muscovy  Company  stands  as  a  connecting  link 
between  the  ideas  of  the  explorer  and  those  of  the  trader  and  the  planter,  a  plan  which 
may  be  said  to  have  been  carried  out  by  the  Virginia  Compan}'.  It  is  significant  that 
many  of  the  members  of  the  Virginia  Company  were  men  who  had  taken  part  in  the 
expeditions  of  the  late  sixteenth  century  and  had  been  interested  in  certain  private 
voyages  of  exploration  carried  on  during  the  five  years  preceding  the  receipt  of  its 
first  charter,  while  most  of  the  leaders  of  this  company  were  at  the  same  time  stock- 
holders and  even  officers  in  the  Muscovy  Company,  the  Company  of  Merchant 
Adventurers,  the  East  India  Company,  and  later  of  the  Turkey,  the  Guinea,  and 
the  African  companies. 

It  is  unnecessary  to  cite  the  charters  of  other  companies  or  to  search  the  history 
of  the  trading  corporations  of  the  sixteenth  century  in  order  to  show  that  the  Virginia 
Company  was  similar  in  character.  But,  like  the  ^Muscovy  Company  and  the  East 
India  Company,  it  was  established  to  carry  on  trade  in  new  and  uninhabited  lands, 
and  hence  had  the  additional  features  of  a  company  whose  purpose  was  exploration 
and  plantation.  The  hitter  characteristic  appears  more  especially  in  the  charter,  the 
former  in  the  instructions  and  correspondence  of  the  entire  period  of  its  life.  The 
object  of  its  first  undertakers  was  doubtless  to  search  for  minerals  and  for  a  route  to 
the  southwest,  and  to  secure  for  trade  the  materials  which  were  native  and  peculiar 
to  those  regions.  The  plantation  was  a  necessity  for  this  purpose,  and  incidentally, 
because  of  the  character  of  the  country,  it  was  forced  to  become  a  colony.  To  estab- 
lish a  settlement  which  should  become  a  market  for  English  goods,  to  advance  the 
shipping,  to  spread  the  religion  of  the  Kingdom  were  doubtless  motives  which 
aroused  sympathy  for  the  undertaking;  but  the  arguments  which  brought  investment 
were  the  opportunities  for  gain. 

The  position  of  the  Virginia  Company  in  the  development  of  English  exploration 
and  trade  was  therefore  important,  and  the  studj^  of  its  history  is  of  value  not  only 
for  the  light  which  it  throws  on  Virginia  itself  but  for  an  understanding  of  the 
economic  condition  of  Kngliind  as  well.  Nor  is  this  all.  The  few  private  records 
which  remain  of  the  Merchant  Adventurers  Company  and  those  of  the  East  India 


CHARACTER  OF  THE  COMPANY  15 

Company  correspond  so  closely  in  form  and  in  subject-matter  to  the  court  book  of 
the  Virginia  Company  that  the  similarity  in  form  of  organization  and  methods  of 
conducting  business  is  established.  The  fact  that  the  private  records,  the  books 
from  which  the  knowledge  of  the  actual  financial  transactions  could  be  obtained, 
are  missing  in  most  cases,  may  prove  that  their  loss  in  the  case  of  the  early  Virginia 
Company  is  not  due  to  intentional  destruction,  but  to  the  general  opinion  of  the 
period  that  such  material  was  valueless. 

The  only  other  enterpi'ise  of  which  there  is  sufficient  material  for  anything  like  an 
exhaustive  study  is  the  East  India  Company,  and  hence  its  records  combine  with 
those  of  the  Virginia  Company  to  supply  a  source  of  information  concerning  all  of 
these  companies.  The  conclusion  seems  valid,  therefore,  that  the  great  ma.ss  of  min- 
utes, orders,  instructions,  letters,  and  memoranda  of  the  company  for  Virginia  will 
aid  in  the  interpretation  of  the  comparativelj-  few  records  of  the  earlier  associations. 
The  records  of  this  company  are  necessary  to  enable  one  to  comprehend  the  life 
of  the  other  companies,  as  is  its  history  to  the  understanding  of  their  development. 

It  was  during  the  life  of  the  company  that  the  plantation  gradually  assumed  the 
aspects  of  a  colony,  that  the  settlement  which  was  originallj'  planned  for  exploration 
and  the  discovery  of  gold  became  a  center  for  the  development  of  the  natural  and 
agricultural  resources  of  the  surrounding  country.  The  origin  within  the  colony 
of  the  assembly,  of  local  government,  of  private  ownership  of  land,  and  of  freedom 
of  trade  is  to  be  found  before  the  dissolution  of  the  compan}'  by  the  Crown.  There- 
fore the  records  of  the  company,  as  well  as  those  of  the  colony,  form  the  material 
through  which  the  history  of  the  beginnings  of  English  colonies,  viewed  from  the 
standpoint  of  the  colonist,  is  to  be  gained. 

Their  value  for  the  comprehension  of  the  development  of  political  institutions 
in  England  is  not  so  patent.  The  growing  correspondence  between  the  Crown  and 
the  company  and  the  interference  in  the  acts  of  the  company  stand  as  evidence  of 
the  gradual  increase  of  the  interest  of  the  Crown  or  its  council  in  the  undertaking. 
This  interest  was  most  apparent  when  the  tobacco  trade  promised  a  revenue  to  the 
Crown,  but  the  encouragement  of  the  growth  of  other  staple  products,  the  spasmodic 
revival  of  acts  touching  English  shipping  and  the  balance  of  trade,  and  the  main- 
tenance of  staple  ports  in  England  are  all  new  activities  appearing  in  the  records  of 
the  company.  Throughout,  also,  is  apparent  the  readiness  to  allow  the  already 
uncertain  economic  policy  to  be  altered  or  nullified  by  the  political  relations  with 
Spain,  or  because  of  moral  or  whimsical  views. 

The  gradual  definition  of  polic}'  on  the  part  of  the  Stuarts,  perhaps  first  apparent 

under  Charles  I,  is  closely  connected  with  the  leaders  of  the  Virginia  Company.     The 

opinions  expressed  in  the  courts  of  the  company  by  the  adherents  both  of  the  Puritan 

party  and  of  the  party  of  the  Crown,  the  correspondence  between  the  Privy  Council 

16455— VOL  1—06 2 


16  INTRODUCTION 

and  the  company,  the  letters  and  memoranda  concerning  the  company  and  its  policy, 
and  the  story  of  the  formation  of  the  Sandys  and  the  Warwick  factions,  resulting  in 
the  dissolution  of  the  company,  furnish  evidence  of  the  gradual  development  of  the 
despotic  attitude  of  the  Stuarts,  especially  in  their  reach  for  revenue  and  in  their 
repression  of  the  principles  of  freedom.  The  appointment  of  the  commissions  to 
investigate  the  affairs  of  the  company  and  the  condition  of  the  colony,  the  creation 
of  a  commission  for  the  control  of  the  colony  after  the  overthrow  of  the  charter,  the 
later  appointment  of  a  committee  of  the  Privy  Council  for  the  same  purpose  are  all 
steps  in  the  growth  of  a  colonial  S3'stem  and  of  a  colonial  polic}^  Although  the 
maturity  of  this  system  and  policy  is  not  reached  until  after  the  Commonwealth,  the 
influence  of  the  associates  of  James  1  and  of  Charles  I  is  apparent. 

Every  phase  of  colonial  development,  from  the  mixed  system  which  existed 
under  the  patent  of  1606  to  the  chartered  proprietary  company  after  1609  and  the 
royal  province  after  1624,  is  here  illustrated.  The  transition  from  the  chartered 
to  the  Royal  Government  in  1624,  the  prelude  to  "the  most  important  transition  in 
American  histor}"^  previous  to  the  colonial  revolt,"  is  only  to  be  understood  from 
these  records,  since  the  tendency  to  self-government  in  the  colony  is  one  of  the 
pretended  reasons  for  the  overthrow  of  the  company.  All  the  steps  of  the  change 
are  to  be  traced  in  the  royal  correspondence,  in  the  memoranda  of  the  royal  party, 
and  in  the  record  of  the  suit  under  the  writ  of  quo  warranto.  The  significance  of 
such  material  is  best  understood  from  the  fact  that  "the  constitutional  law  and 
practice  of  the  old  colonial  system  has  not  yet  been  attempted  to  be  known,"  and 
as  3'et  no  book  has  been  written  concerning  the  forms  or  functions  of  the  British 
Government  as  employed  in  colonial  administration. 


Z.    QIIiP  l^prnrbB  of  tl|p  (Unmpattg  xtnhn  Bit 

The  Organization  of  the  Company  as  in  1606 

In  the  year  preceding  the  grant  of  a  charter  to  the  Virginia  Company  there  had 
been  movements  along  two  lines  for  establishing  plantations  in  Virginia,  one  by 
private  investment  and  the  other  by  royal  patronage.  Examples  of  the  private 
interests  are  the  enterprise  of  the  Earl  of  Southampton  in  1605  and  that  of  Lord 
Zouch  as  set  forth  in  his  contract"  with  Captain  George  Waymouth  of  October  30, 
1605.  In  this  Lord  Zouch  agreed  to  secure  and  provide  two  ships  and  200  men  of 
"arts  suitable  for  a  colony,"  and  to  pay  £100  to  Captain  Waymouth  for  the  trans- 
portation of  the  same.  The  interesting  feature  is  the  agreement,  suggestive  of 
feudal  relations,  that  Lord  Zouch  should  be  the  first  officer  and  have  the  first  choice 
of  land,  while  Captain  Waymouth  as  second  officer  should  have  second  choice  of 
land,  which  he  was  to  hold  from  the  former  as  lord  paramount  for  himself,  his 
heirs  and  assigns.  At  the  same  time  Sir  John  Popham  was  busily  engaged  in  the 
attempt  to  form  royal  colonies  by  obtaining  charters  from  the  Crown,  whereby  the 
territory  from  3-1'-'  to  45'^  north  latitude  should  be  taken  under  the  protection  of 
the  King,  and  private  settlements  should  thus  be  excluded. 

The  plan  which  obtained  followed  neither  course,  though  it  was  bound  to  result 
in  a  modification  of  Popham's  scheme.  The  motives  of  the  grantees  and  the 
arguments  which  induced  the  King  in  1606  to  abandon  the  policy  of  Elizabeth  and  to 
give  royal  patronage  to  the  undertaking,  and  even  to  assume  royal  control,  are  set 
forth  in  a  petition  presented  to  Parliament  in  1606,  entitled  "Reasons  for  raising  a 
publique  stocke  to  be  imploied  in  the  discovering  of  such  countries  as  may  be  found 
most  convenient  *  *  *  ."*  It  is  evident,  however,  that  the  unknown  plan  of 
investment  in  the  adventure  of  1606  is  not  here  suggested,  since  there  was  no  intima- 
tion of  financial  support  by  the  King.  The  stock  was  apparently  to  bo  raised  by  a 
tax  "Upon  the  emoderate  gainesof  those  that  contrary  to  lawe  abuse  the  poo  re,"  and 
was  not  in  any  way  to  be  "  raised  upon  the  sweat  of  the  poore  or  the  Industrie  of  the 

^Printed  in  full  in  Brown,  Genesis  of  the  United  States,  I,  33-35. 
^Printed  in  full,  Brown,  Genesis,  1,  3&-42. 

17 


18  INTRODUCTION 

husbandmen,  Artificer,  or  tradisman,"  but  in  such  a  way  that  nothing  should  "be 
demanded  from  anie  man  without  presente  assurance  of  gaine  and  hope  of  future  profit 
*  *  *  but  in  such  sorte  that  the  payer  shall  for  every  ij"  paied  gaine  iiij"."  To  the 
Kingdom  and  to  the  Crown  were  to  redound  the  greatest  gain.  Ten  thousand  pounds 
a  year  were  to  be  added  to  His  Majesty's  receipts  by  an  increase  of  many  thousand 
pounds  in  the  imposts  and  customs;  and  furthermore  it  "would  savior  too  much  of 
affectacon  of  a  popular  State  to  levie  monies  without  imparting  some  convenient 
portion  to  his  Majestie."  But  the  value  to  shipping  was  emphasized  perhaps  more 
vigorously  as  developing  a  defence  to  the  island,  as  furnishing  a  source  for  the 
necessities  for  ships^ — cordage,  pitch,  tar,  and  resin — and  as  protecting  the  shipping 
from  decay.  The  desirability  of  a  revival  of  the  declining  export  trade,  as  well  as  that 
of  establishing  the  importation  of  necessities  from  a  part  of  the  dominions,  though 
distant,  was  urged,  together  with  the  importance  of  strengthening  by  settlement 
those  countries  already  acquired  by  discovery.  That  such  undertakings  by  private 
enterprise  had  been  failures;  that  it  was  more  honorable  for  the  State  to  back  an 
exploitation  by  public  consent  than  by  private  monopoly;  that  public  colonies  were 
boimd  to  be  more  obedient  and  industrious  because  of  the  greater  confidence  in  the 
character  of  the  control,  were  all  reasons  which  had  long  before  been  set  forth 
whereby  to  gain  the  support  of  the  Crown. 

CHARTER   OF   1606. 

The  royal  aid  as  finally  obtained  for  a  colonial  enterprise  came  in  a  somewhat 
different  form.  The  letters  patent  to  Sir  Thomas  Gates  and  others  for  plantations 
to  be  made  in  Virginia"  show  that  the  investment  was  made  solely  by  individuals, 
and  that  the  joint  stock  was  not  public,  although  in  the  regulation  of  affairs  in 
the  colony  the  body  of  undertakers  was  to  have  little  influence,  even  as  far  as  its 
commercial  interests  in  the  plantiition  were  concerned.  The  business  management 
was  left  to  the  joint  stock  companies,  and  the  magazine  was  controlled  by  a  treasurer 
or  cape  merchant  and  by  two  clerks  elected  by  the  President  and  Council  in  the 
Colony.  In  fact,  the  only  activity  of  the  adventurers,  so  far  as  it  is  revealed  in 
the  extant  documents,  consisted  in  the  choice  in  London  of  one  or  more  groups  of 
agents,  called  "  companies,"  to  manage  the  goods  sent  out  and  received  and  to 
look  after  the  profits.*    The  undertakers  were  to  have  all  lands  with  their  resources 

a  For  a  reprint  of  the  letters  patent,  see  Brown,  Genesis,  I,  52-62,  or  Poore's  ConstUiUions. 

t>  Articles,  Imtructiom  and  Orders  for  the  government  of  the  (Colonies,  November  20,  1606.  Reprinted 
in  Brown,  GenetM,  I,  64-75,  from  a  manuscript  record  book  in  the  register's  office  of  Virginia.  There 
is  a  manuscript  copy  in  the  Library  of  Congress,  in  the  Virginia  iliecellaneous  Records,  1606-1692, 
pp.  26-33. 


UNDER  SIR  THOMAS  SMYTHE  19 

which  lay  within  50  miles  of  the  plantation  in  any  direction,  together  with  the 
islands  within  100  miles  of  the  coast,  and  were  privileged  to  inhabit  and  fortify 
the  same  according  as  the  council  for  Virginia  should  direct.  The  right  freely  to 
transport  subjects  was  granted  the  investors,  while  they  were  permitted  customs 
free  for  seven  years  to  export  armor,  provisions,  and  all  necessities  of  life  for  the 
colonists.  They  could  impose  upon  any  subjects  of  the  Crown,  who  were  not 
adventurers,  trafficking  in  those  regions,  a  tax  of  2^  per  cent  of  the  articles 
concerned,  and  upon  foreigners  twice  that  amount,  and  thus  maintain  a  control  of 
the  trade  for  twenty-one  years. 

But  the  government  of  the  colonies  and  of  the  territory  of  Virginia  was 
reserved  to  the  Crown  through  the  council  of  thirteen  for  Virginia,  which  was  to  be 
appointed  by  the  King  and  to  reside  in  England.  Instructions"  were  issued  and 
signed  by  the  royal  hand,  which  outlined  the  form  of  administering  atfairs  in  the 
settlement  and  created  a  council  of  thirteen  in  the  colony.  They  conferred  upon  it 
the  right  to  coin  money  and  to  pass  ordinances  which  should  be  valid  till  altered  by 
the  Crown,  provided  that  they  should  be  consonant  with  the  laws  of  England.  This 
council  in  Virginia  was  to  choose  its  own  president  for  one  year.  It  could  remove 
him  or  any  member  for  just  cause  and  fill  the  vacancies.  All  civil  causes  and  all 
lesser  criminal  cases  were  to  be  decided  by  the  president  and  council,  the  former 
having  two  votes  in  case  of  a  tie.  Cases  of  manslaughter  and  the  more  heinous 
crimes  were  to  be  tried  before  a  jury  and  were  punishable  with  death.  To  the 
president  and  council  was  reserved  the  right  of  pardon. 

The  council  in  England  nominated  to  the  Crown  the  persons  to  whom  lands 
were  to  be  granted  by  the  King.  It  had,  in  fact,  the  supervision  of  affairs, 
appointed  the  first  council  in  Virginia,  issued  orders  for  the  conduct  of  the  first 
expedition  under  Captain  Newport,*  and  provided  a  paper  of  advice'^  as  to  the 
establishment  of  a  fort  and  of  a  town. 

It  is  in  this  latter  document  that  the  first  indication  of  the  real  motive  of 
the  undertaking  is  found.  The  orders  laid  down  were  to  "make  choice*'  of 
tne  river  "which  bendeth  most  toward  the  North-West,  for  that  waj-  you  shall 
soonest  find  the  other  sea,"  while  the  choice  of  a  healthy  location,  wise  inter- 
course with  the  natives,  and  the  fortification  and  preparation  of  a  single  settle- 
ment were  emphasized.     The  chief  objects,  however,  were   to   plant   in   a   place 

«  Printed  in  full,  Brown,  Genesis,  I,  64-75. 

>>  See  Certain  Orders  and  Directions,  December  10,  1606.  Manuscript  in  the  Library  of  Congress, 
Virginia  Miscellaneous  Records,  1606-169S,  pp.  19-23.     Reprinted  in  Brown,  Genesis,  I,  75-79. 

'See  Instructions  by  way  of  Advice,  December,  1606.  JIanuscript  in  the  Library  of  Congres*,  Vir- 
ginia Miscellaneous  Records,  1G06-169S,  pp.  14-17.     Reprinted  in  Brown,  Genesis,  1,  79-85. 


20  INTRODUCTION 

which  should  be  fitted  "  to  receive  the  trade  of  all  the  countries  about,"  to  dis- 
cover minerals,  and  to  find  the  passage  to  the  western  sea. 

The  loss  of  the  records,  both  of  the  council  and  of  the  "companies"  for  trade, 
covering  this  period,  leaves,  as  the  only  source  of  information,  both  for  affairs  in 
England  and  in  Virginia,  the  narratives  of  the  earl)'  settlers.  Of  these  the  most 
important  are  the  reports  of  Captain  Newport,  and  the  relations  of  John  Smith,  of 
Edward  Maria  Wingfield,  and  of  George  Percy."  The  council  had  dispatched  three 
expeditions,  all  under  Captain  Newport;  one  in  December,  1606,  in  three  ships 
with  120  emigrants;  another  in  October,  1607,  with  two  vessels  and  about  the  same 
number  of  passengers;  and  a  third  in  August  of  1608  with  about  70  emigrants. 

The  reports  of  Newport,  Percy,  Wingfield,  and  Smith  encouraged  the  managers 
of  the  enterprise  to  continue  their  efforts,  but  proved  that  a  change  in  object  as  well 
as  in  policy  would  be  necessary.  From  Newport  came  descriptions  of  the  fruitful- 
ness  of  the  soil,  of  the  quantities  of  fish  and  of  timber,  and  of  clay  for  making  brick, 
and  enumerations  of  the  possible  exports,  comprising  sturgeon,  clapboard,  wainscot, 
saxafrage,  tobacco,  dyes,  furs,  pitch,  resin,  turpentine,  oils,  wines,  wood  and  soap 
ashes,  iron,  copper,  pearls;  but  the  reports  as  to  the  mines  were  vague.  He 
declared  that  the  country  was  rich  in  gold  and  copper,  and  took  home  with  him  earth 
to  be  assayed,  while  Smith,  in  A  True  Relation^  states  that  he  had  been  left  to  dig  a 
rock  which  Captain  Newport  thought  was  a  mine,  but  no  mention  of  results  is  made. 

The  full  description  of  the  country  by  Newport  and  also  by  Captain  John  Smith 
gave  the  council  a  clear  idea  of  its  geography,  as  is  indicated  by  the  instructions  to 
Sir  Thomas  Gates  in  1609.  But  the  expedition,  which  penetrated  to  a  distance  of  160 
miles  up  the  river,  brought  the  explorers  to  hostile  tribes  and  left  the  council  still 
uncertain,  though  hopeful  of  the  discovery  of  a  passage  to  the  south  sea.  Further- 
more, Captain  Newport  positively  stated  that  there  could  be  no  commerce  with  the 
Indians,  and  all  evidence  shows  that  the  natives  were  to  be  a  resource  for  the  neces- 
sities of  life  rather  than  for  the  exchange  of  lucrative  objects  of  trade.  Hence  it  is 
that  the  broadside  which  was  issued  by  the  company  in  1609,*  as  an  incident  of  its 

"  See  John  Smith,  A  True  Relalimi,  1608,  reprinted  in  Arber,  Works  of  John  Snrith,  1884;  Discourse 
of  Virginia,  by  Edward  Maria  Wingfield,  printed  in  the  Arrhaeologia  Americana,  IV,  77-103;  Observa- 
tions gathered  out  of  a  Discourse  of  the  Plantation  *  in  f^rginia  *  1606,  by  George  Percy,  printed  in 
Brown,  Oenesis,  1,  152-168;  and  the  following  documents  probably  written  by  Captain  Archer: 
A  Relatyon  of  the  Discovery  of  Our  River,  from  James  Forte  into  the  maine:  *  *  by  Capt.  Christopher 
Newport,  1607,  printed  in  Archaeologia  Americana,  IV,  40-58;  The  Description  of  the  now-discovered  river 
and  country  of  Virginia,  printed  in  the  Archaeologia  Americana,  IV,  59-62;  A  Brief  Description  of  the 
People,  printed  in  Archaeologia  Americana,  IV,  63-65. 

*>  Noiu  Britannia,  printed  February  18,  1609.  This  document  is  reprinted  in  Force's  Tracts,  I, 
No.  6. 


UNDER  SIR  THOMAS  8MYTHE  21 

attempt  to  secure  capital  for  the  undertaking  in  its  new  form,  emphasized  the  rich- 
ness of  the  soil  and  the  resources  of  the  country — which  in  later  years  would  yield 
abundant  return — the  value  of  the  settlement  as  a  market  for  English  cloths,  and  the 
advantage  to  shipping  and  shipbuilding  which  would  come  from  colonization. 

But  the  effort  to  develop  the  resources  of  the  country  and  to  found  a  settlement 
for  such  purposes  rather  than  for  exploration  required  larger  investments  and  more 
men.  Then,  too,  the  regulation  of  the  affairs  of  the  colony  without  any  control 
from  the  council  in  England  meant  continued  jealousies  and  quarrels  among  such  a 
small  number  of  colonists  and  under  such  unsettled  conditions.  According  to 
Wingfield  the  provisions  for  defense  seem  to  have  been  insufficient,  the  magazine 
was  mismanaged,  and  the  relations  with  the  Indians  were  strained.  To  John  Smith 
must  be  attributed  the  wisdom  of  foreseeing  the  necessity  of  strong  support  from 
England  and  of  the  establishment  of  permanent  colonial  settlements  and  the  develop- 
ment of  the  country  for  self-support." 

The  Change  in  Chakacter  fbom  1606  to  1609 

The  fact  that  the  source  of  authority  before  1609  was  in  the  Crown  is 
nowhere  so  clearly  evidenced  as  in  the  records  themselves.  The  fundamental 
documents  emanated  from  the  King  and  his  Council  or  from  the  council  for 
Virginia  representing  the  royal  authority,  all  instructions  to  officers  bore  the 
sign  manual  and  all  letters  and  reports  from  Captain  Newport,  from  Edward- 
Maria  Wingfield,  and  from  his  associates  were  addressed  to  the  council  for  Virginia. 
Furthermore,  the  president  and  council  appeared  in  the  name  of  the  Crown  as  the 
plaintiffs  in  a  suit  by  which  an  attempt  was  made  to  enforce  the  contract  with  the 
master  of  the  "Guift  of  God"  for  supplying  provisions  to  the  passengers  in  a 
voyage  to  North  Virginia.*  The  direct  relations  of  the  planters  to  the  Crown  are 
similarly  emphasized  by  two  heretofore  unpublished  documents,  which  are  in  the 
Library  of  Congress,  consisting  of  the  oaths  administered  to  the  colonists  and 
to  the  secretary  of  the  colony. "^ 

The  commercial  status  of  the  undertaking  is  more  difficult  to  determine  than  the 
political.  That  the  company  was  organized  for  the  purpose  of  exploration  and  trade 
has  been  proved,  but  whether  the  control  of  trade  was  vested  in  the  council  or  in 
companies  or  groups  of  undertakers  is  uncertain.  The  exact  relation  of  the  council 
to  the  plantation  and  of  the  Crown  to  the  enterprise  must  have  been  stated  in  the 

<»  For  a  history  of  the  organization  of  the  company  and  of  the  founding  of  the  colony,  see  Osgood, 
I,  Cha.  i-iv. 

6  Bibliographical  List  of  the  Records  of  the  Virginia  Company,  post,  p.  121,  No.  7. 
c  List  of  Records,  p.  121,  Nos.  5,  6. 


22  INTRODUCTION 

court  book,  in  which  were  kept  the  records  of  the  acts  of  the  council  and 
perhaps  of  the  companies  for  the  administration  of  trade.  This  book,  covering 
the  period  from  the  28th  of  January,  1606,  to  the  14th  of  February,  1615,  was  in 
the  possession  of  the  company  as  late  as  1623,  but  unfortunate!}'  no  trace  of  the 
book  has  yet  been  discovered  and  even  its  existence  has  heretofore  been  unknown." 

Whatever  may  have  been  the  source  of  control,  the  narrations  of  Captain 
Percy,  Edward-Maria  Wingtield,  and  Captain  Newport  indicate  that  the  business  of 
the  company  consisted  chiefly  in  raising  funds  and  equipping  expeditions  to  be  sent 
to  Virginia  under  Captain  Newport.  This  failure  of  the  investment  to  bring  in 
returns  of  gold  and  silver  and  of  articles  for  trade,  or  to  accomplish  anj'thing  in 
the  way  of  discovery  of  trade  routes  to  the  East  Indies  during  the  first  three  years, 
served  to  convince  both  King  and  undertakers  that  a  change  in  method  of  control 
was  essential.  The  document  known  as  "Reasons  against  publishing  the  Kings 
title  to  Virginia.  A  justification  for  planting  Virginia"*  seems  to  show  an  agitation 
among  the  investors  arising  from  fear  lest  the  desire  to  placate  Spain,  or  religious 
considerations,  might  lead  the  Crown  to  abandon  the  scheme.  The  arguments  there 
adduced  may  well  explain  the  readiness  of  the  King  to  surrender  not  only  the  com- 
mercial and  territorial  control  but  also  full  rights  of  government  to  the  corporate 
body  of  the  Virginia  company,  and  thus  to  avoid  any  rupture  with  Spain.  Certain 
it  is  that  the  desire  for  more  direct  authority  and  for  securing  larger  investments) 
were  the  motives  of  the  petitioners  in  asking  for  a  new  charter. 

As  a  result  of  this  movement  the  letters  patent  of  1609  were  issued,  transform- 
ing the  undertakers  into  a  body  politic.  In  this  case  also  the  documents  are 
especially  characteristic  of  the  organization.  Whereas  the  Crown  was  formerly  the 
source  of  all  power,  beginning  with  1609  the  council  of  the  companj',  acting  as  a 
standing  committee  for  the  adventurers  rather  than  in  the  name  of  the  King, 
exercised  the  controlling  authority.  After  the  charter  of  1612  had  provided  for 
more  frequent  meetings  of  the  generality,  the  council  was  gradually  superseded  by 
special  committees  and  the  tendency  arose  to  decide  all  matters  of  hnportance  in 
the  general  quarter  courts  and  to  insist  upon  all  communications  being  addressed 
to  the  company  rather  than  to  the  council.  The  act  of  incorporation  erected  a 
commercial  company  and  made  it  the  overlord  of  a  proprietary  province.  It  at 
once  strengthened  its  plantation  as  a  center  for  traffic  and  established  a  system  for 
joint  management  of  land  and  trade  to  extend  over  a  period  of  seven  j'ears,  prom- 

a  When  the  Privy  Council  demanded  the  records  of  the  company,  a  receipt  bearing  the  date  April 
21,  1623,  was  given  to  the  secretary  of  the  company  for  the  "several  court  books."  This  document 
was  discovered  by  the  Editor  among  the  Ferrar  papers,  Magdalene  College,  Cambridge,  in  December, 
1903.     See  List  of  Records,  p.  171,  No.  470. 

iiThis  document  was  recently  found  by  the  Editor  in  the  Bodleian  Library.     Ibid.,  p.  121,  No.  1. 


UNDER  SIR  T  BOM  AS  SMYTBB  23 

ising  dividends  to  the  adventurer  and  support  to  the  planter.  The  records  of  the 
corporation  reveal  as  clearly  as  do  its  broadsides  and  pamphlets  that  it  was  a  business 
venture.     These  records  may  be  grouped  into  seven  classes." 

The  Classes  of  Kecords 

I.  The  fundamental  documents  of  the  company  were  those  by  virtue  of  which 
it  had  its  legal  formation,  and  consisted  of  the  letters  patent,  charters,  and  orders 
in  council  issued  by  the  King  and  Privy  Council. 

II.  The  activity  of  the  adventurers  was  recorded  in  the  court  books,  which  com- 
prised the  minutes  of  the  transactions  of  the  company.  In  those  books  were  kept 
the  discussions  and  decisions  with  regard  to  the  plantation,  the  granting  of  land, 
and  all  financial  policies  and  plans  for  developing  the  enterprise  and  increasing  the 
income. 

III.  In  carrying  on  its  business  the  company  gave  commissions  to  the  governors 
of  the  colony,  issued  regulations  for  the  settlers,  and,  from  time  to  time,  sent 
instructions  to  the  governor  and  council  of  the  colony.  It  also  granted  lands  and 
patents,  entered  into  contracts,  issued  receipts,  made  pleas  in  court,  and  kept 
statements  of  accounts. 

IV.  From  the  colony  itself  came  reports,  declarations,  letters,  and  complaints. 
They  were  an  essential  part  of  the  records  of  the  company  and  often  determined  its 
course  of  action. 

V.  To  the  public,  for  the  purpose  of  inspiring  confidence,  securing  adventurers, 
and  maintaining  the  interest  and  support  of  its  members,  as  well  as  of  defending 
itself  against  the  accusations  of  its  enemies,  the  company  issued  advertisements, 
broadsides  of  its  shipping  investments,  declarations,  pamphlets,  and  sermons. 

VI.  A  large  part  of  the  information  which  came  to  the  company  was  derived 
from  private  correspondence  between  members  of  the  company  and  individual  plant- 
ers. Furthermore,  there  was  a  gradual  tendency  to  permit  individuals  or  groups  of 
individuals  of  the  company  to  form  stock  companies  for  trade  or  plantation,  and 
records  of  these  transactions  formed  a  valuable  supplement  to  those  of  the  compan}' 
itself. 

VII.  To  the  student  of  history  another  group  of  supplementary  material  is  of 
great  value.  It  comes  from  the  records  of  contemporary  companies,  corporations, 
and  towns,  as  well  as  from  the  correspondence  of  officers  of  state  or  of  other  persons 
who  were  not  directly  concerned  in  the  transactions  of  the  Virginia  Company. 

«  For  the  documents  in  these  various  classes,  see  the  claasificationa  by  Koruan  numerals  at  the 
left  of  each  entry  under  the  "  List  of  Records,"  poat,  pp.  121-205. 


24  INTRODVCTION 

All  of  these  records  of  the  company  for  the  period  previous  to  1616,  so  far  as 
they  were  known  to  him,  were  collected  and  reprinted  in  full  or  cited,  if  already 
available  in  America,  by  Alexander  Brown,  in  the  year  1890." 

I. — FUNDAMENTAL    DOCUMENTS 

As  far  as  appears  from  the  evidence  of  the  extant  documents,  when  by  the 
charters  of  1609  and  1612,  James  I  surrendered  to  the  company  full  rights  of  trade,  as 
well  as  territorial  and  governmental  rights  in  Virginia  he  apparently  lost  all  interest 
and  part  in  the  undertaking,  and  it  was  only  when  the  plantation  had  developed  into 
the  colony,  and  when  at  the  expiration  of  the  privileges  of  free  importation  in  1619, 
the  business  of  the  corporation  had  become  so  good  as  to  offer  a  prospect  of  revenue 
that  the  King  in  his  council  began  to  interfere  in  the  affairs  of  the  company.*  In 
1613,  under  the  administration  of  Sir  Thomas  Smythe,  the  adventurers  were  com- 
pelled to  appeal  to  the  Crown  because  of  the  complications  with  France  which  arose 
from  the  expedition  of  Sir  Samuel  Argall  along  the  northern  coasts  of  America,"^ 
while  a  similar  relation  was  brought  about  by  the  controversy  with  Spain  with  regard 
to  the  attack  on  Spanish  vessels  b}'  the  ship  Treasurer  in  1619/'  In  both  instances 
the  protection  desired  was  granted.  When  the  financial  stringency  forced  the  adven- 
turers to  great  efforts  in  1614,  and  they  appealed  unsuccessfully  to  Parliament  for 
aid,  the  Privy  Council  attempted  to  arouse  confidence  in  the  undertaking  throughout 
the  country.  It  passed  orders  urging  the  cit}'  companies  of  London  to  invest  sums 
in  the  Virginia  lottery,  and  in  the  following  year  it  addressed  similar  orders  to  the 
"Several  Cityes  and  Townes  of  the  Kingdome,"""  with  special  letters  to  the  lieu- 
tenants of  County  Surrey .•'' 

But  the  aid  thus  secured  was  not  such  as  to  draw  upon  the  resources  of  the  Crown, 
and  the  attempt  of  members  of  the  company  to  gain  a  monopoly  of  the  tobacco  trade 
in  1616  met  with  the  same  opposition  as  had  similar  efforts  on  the  part  of  the 
merchant  adventurers  in  previous  years.     On  the  other  hand  the  company  was  com- 

oFor  the  documents  of  the  period  from  1606-1609  not  mentioned  by  Mr.  Brown  in  his  Genesis  of 
the  United  Slates,  most  of  which  have  recently  been  discovered,  see  List  of  the  Records  of  the  Virginia 
Company,  post,  pp.  121-125,  Nos.  1-38. 

''In  March,  1619,  Abraham  and  John  Jacobs  received  a  grant  for  tlie  collection  of  customs  or 
imports  on  tobacco.  This  became  an  important  feature  of  the  business  of  the  company  in  its  later 
procedure.     See  List  of  Records,  pp.  127, 129,  Nos.  53,  73. 

•■Brown,  Genesis,  IL  640-644. 

d  List  of  Records,  p.  132,  No.  102. 

'  Brown,  Genesis,  II,  676,  679,  685,  733,  760. 
•/  List  of  Records,  p.  126,  No.  49. 


UNDER  SIR  THOMAS  SUYTHE  25 

pelled  against  its  will  to  submit  to  the  treatment  of  its  plantation  a3  a  penal  colony 
by  James  I  in  his  spasmodic  efforts  to  develop  a  policy  which  should  save  England 
from  an  ovei'population  of  vagabonds." 

With  the  exception  of  these  unimportant  relations  with  the  Crown,  the  company 
seems  to  have  conducted  its  business  independently  of  royal  aid  or  interference  dur- 
ing the  first  decade  of  its  existence  as  a  corporate  body. 

II. — THE   COURT   BOOK 

It  is  therefore  in  the  court  book  of  the  company  and  in  its  instructions,  corre- 
spondence, and  other  records  suggested  under  the  preceding  classifications  II  and  III, 
that  its  activity  and  methods  must  be  found.  That  court  books  were  kept  under 
the  administration  of  Sir  Thomas  Smythe  is  known  from  the  receipt  in  the  Ferrar 
papers,  already  referred  to.  The  first  book  extended  from  January  28,  1606,  to 
February  14,  1615,  and  with  it  were  "other  perticuler  writings  belonging  to  the 
company."  The  second  included  the  period  between  January  31,  1615,  and  July  28, 
1619.  What  these  books  contained  can  only  be  surmised  from  the  scope  of  the  two 
later  volumes,  dated  April  28,  1619,  to  May  22,  1622,  and  May  20,  1622,  to  April 
2,  1623,  the  contemporaiy  copies  of  which  are  now  extant  and  in  the  Library  of 
Congress,  at  Washington.''  The  contents  of  the  "other  perticuler  writings,"  none 
of  which  are  now  known  to  be  extant,  are  suggested  b\'  a  memorandum  of  Sir 
Nathaniel  Rich  in  a  document  among  the  Manchester  papers.  In  attempting  to 
prove  the  good  done  during  Sir  Thomas  Smythe's  administration  Rich  cites  certain 
records  as  authoritj'.  The  first  one  mentioned  was  a  "bookeof  perticulers''  con- 
taining the  "Public  workes:  done  in  S''  T.  Smithes  tyme",  and  showing  "the 
plenty  of  Armes  &c  left  in  S''  Th.  Smithes  tyme";  the  second  was  a  "pticular 
already  deliuered  to  the  Com''."  in  which  appeared  the  "Staple  Cofflodityes  raysed 
in  S"'  T.  Smithes  tyme";  while  the  third  formed  a  "coUeC  of  the  publiq,  workes 
made  by  S"'  Sa.  Argall  w'"  he  [comenset]"  and  was  entitled  "The  pticulars  of 
the  Boates".     Rich  mentions  two  documents  contained  in  this  volume.     He  states 

"There  is  a  eeries  of  14  orders  of  the  Privy  Council  for  the  transpoitation  of  prisoner.-)  to  Virginia 
in  the  years  1617  and  1618  not  hitherto  noted.  List  of  Records,  pp.  121-131,  Nos.  4,  41,  65,  90.  The 
transportation  thus  effected  is  mentioned  by  Miss  E.  M.  Leonard,  The  Early  History  of  tlu-  Engliih 
Poor  Relief,  pp.  229-230,  n. 

bThia  receipt  covered  these  four  volumes,  "the  other  perticuler  writings  belonging  to  the 
company,"  and  two  volumes  of  the  court  book  of  the  Somers  Islands  Company,  December  3,  1613,  to 
January  24,  1620,  and  February  7,  1620,  to  February  19,  1622.  However,  the  second  volume  of  the 
court  book,  which  is  now  in  the  Library  of  Congress — the  fourth  volume  here  mentioned — was 
continued  until  June  19,  1624,  after  the  return  of  the  records  to  the  company. 


26  INTRODUCTION 

that  pages  "11,  12,  13,  14,  15,  &c.,"  contain  the  "League  of  the  Natiues,"  and 
that  on  pages  51  to  59  was  "Sir  T.  Dales  tre."  In  his  notes  for  discussion  Kich  also 
refers  to  "The  Courte  Bookes,"  and  further  declares  that  "Wrott  remembers  4 
warrants"  by  which  lotteries  were  erected  under  the  hands  of  the  "Counsell  of 
Virginia".  In  connection  with  the  lottery  he  cites  "th'  Accompts"  of  Gabnell  and 
declares  that  "He  kept  Tables"."  Thus  the  discovery  by  the  Editor  of  these  two 
documents  in  these  two  similar  collections  belonging  to  the  hostile  factions  has  proved 
that  the  company  possessed  record  books;  but  a  knowledge  of  their  contents  must  be 
gained  from  other  sources. 

To  supply  the  loss  of  these  documents  of  the  company,  both  during  the  control 
of  the  council  and  after  that  control  had  passed  into  the  hands  of  the  companj'  b}' 
virtue  of  the  charter  of  1612,  there  is  a  considerable  mass  of  material,  which  affords 
a  fair  outline  of  the  transactions  of  the  company  and  the  life  of  the  colony.  But 
much  of  this  information  is  lacking  in  the  completeness  and  authenticity  which 
would  have  been  supplied  by  the  court  book  and  the  other  records.  The  greatest 
loss  is  perhaps  that  of  definite  knowledge  concerning  the  financial  status  of  the 
company.  The  sums  adventured  by  individuals  and  corporations  is  preserved  in 
two  alphabetical  lists;  but,  so  far  as  is  known,  onl}'  one  of  these  lists  is  official,  and 
that  includes  the  names  of  the  particular  adventure  about  the  year  1610.'  The  other 
is  an  unpublished  list  apparently  both  incomplete  and  unofiicial,  and  was  probably 
made  somewhat  later  than  1618  at  the  order  of  the  court,''  although  the  date  1618 
has  been  assigned  to  it  in  the  Manchester  papers,  where  it  is  to  be  found.''  From 
the  records  of  the  various  London  companies  and  fi'om  records  of  English  towns, 
as  also  from  adventui-es  sealed  to  individuals  by  the  Virginia  Compan}',  comes  the 
most  authentic  information  concerning  the  large  sums  invested  during  this  decade. 
In  a  similar  way  the  knowledge,  otherwise  to  be  found  in  the  court  book  and  "The 
pticulers  of  the  Boates,"  concerning  the  ships  dispatched  and  the  sums  expended  for 
the  equipment  of  planters,  individuals,  and  companies,  is  scattering  and  indefinite. 
The  broadsides  issued  are  calls  for  adventurers,  planters,  and  colonists,  with  the 
requirements  or  statements  concerning  the  lottery  schemes;  but  the}'  do  not  furnish 
the  wide  information  which  is  found  in  those  of  the  later  period.  So  far  as  revenue 
is  concerned,  there  was  probably  little  except  that  which  came  from  new  adventurers 

"  This  paper  is  evidently  a  Beries  of  rough  notes  of  he.idw  antl  references  to  prove  charges  of 
mismanagement  by  the  Sandys  faction.  It  is  in  the  handwriting  of  Sir  N.  Rich.  List  of  Records, 
p.  167,  No.  438. 

!> Brown,  Genesis,  I,  465-469. 

f  For  an  act  providing  for  such  a  compilation  see  the  record  of  the  court,  Dec.  15,  1619. 

^  List  of  Records,  p.  127,  No.  58. 


UNDER  SIR  THOMAS  SMYTEE  27 

and  the  lotteries,  but  we  have  no  way  of  knowing  even  that  resource,  while  our 
knowledge  of  the  income  from  tobacco  and  commodities  brought  from  Virginia  is 
derived  from  three  or  four  scattering  receipts  only,  found  mostly  among  the  papers 
of  the  Earl  of  De  La  Warr  and  of  Lord  Sackville." 

Even  our  knowledge  as  to  the  economic  condition  of  the  colony  is  most 
indefinite  and  comes  only  from  printed  pamphlets  issued  by  the  company.  Judging 
from  the  sources  of  information  in  the  later  period,  this  uncertainty  is  due  to  the 
disappearance  of  the  letters  themselves,  since,  after  1619,  the  published  relations  of 
individual  planters,  the  declarations  by  the  company,  and  even  the  records  of  the 
court  books  are  all  more  general  in  character  than  the  letters  which  were  sent  from 
the  colony  to  the  company.  Furthermore,  in  the  later  period  the  daily  acts  of  the 
colonists  and  their  needs,  as  reported  from  time  to  time  by  returning  ships,  afforded 
the  adventurers  a  bod}'  of  information  concerning  the  social  condition  of  the  colony 
which  in  form  and  accuracy  left  little  to  be  desired.  After  the  time  of  Captain  John 
Smith  not  much  was  accurately  known  of  the  colony  until  the  year  1617,  when 
Captain  John  Rolfe  and  Ralph  Hamor  supplied  statistics  as  to  the  numbers,  condi- 
tion, settlements,  and  resources  of  the  colony  as  it  then  was. 

The  individual  enterprises  of  this  decade  in  the  life  of  the  company  are 
altogether  unknown,  except  from  a  few  contracts  for  shipping  found  here  and 
there.  Such  movements  must  at  least  have  been  noted  in  the  court  book.  Of  the 
first  "hundred,"  established  in  1618,  nothing  is  recorded  except  the  single  report, 
heretofore  unknown,*  of  a  meeting  of  the  committee  for  Smythes  Hundred.  But 
the  greatest  loss  which  we  suffer  through  the  disappearance  of  the  court  book  is 
that  of  material  which  should  thi'ow  light  on  the  aims,  motives,  and  unsuccessful 
efforts  of  the  company  and  on  the  struggles  and  difEculties  through  which  it  passed. 
For  example,  there  is  a  single  reference  to  an  attempt  to  found  a  college,  but  no  infor- 
mation whatever  on  the  subject.  The  factions  which  developed  and  which  resulted 
finally  in  the  dissolution  of  the  company  evidently  existed  in  this  period,  for  a  letter 
from  Chamberlain  to  Carleton,  dated  May  8,  1619, <"  in  which  he  speaks  of  the  failure 
to  reelect  Sir  Thomas  Smythe  as  treasurer  of  the  Virginia  Company  as  having 
been  "somewhat  bettered  at  a  later  meeting  of  the  Summers  Island  Company  by  his 
choice  as  treasurer  of  that  company,"  proves  that  the  change  was  due  to  factional 
differences,  although  the  extant  court  books  open  with  the  refusal  of  Sir  Thomas 
Smythe  to  continue  as  treasurer.  Similarly,  the  choice  of  officers  for  the  company, 
the  votes  received  by  each  candidate,  the  appointments  to  positions  in  the  colony, 

"List  of  Records,  Nos.  59,  60.     Also  Brown,  Genesis,  II,  772. 

^ Ibid.,  No.  76.     This  is  among  the  Ferrar  papers  of  Magdalene  College,  Cambridge. 

cllnd.,  No.  108. 


28  INTRODUCTION 

the  petitions  to  the  company  and  its  action  thereupon,  and  numerous  other  acts, 
revealing  the  relations  and  attitude  of  the  individual  members,  are  all  unknown.'^ 

III. — DOCUMENTS   ISSUED   BT   THE    CXDMPANY 

Of  the  official  documents  issued  by  the  company  during  the  decade  from  1609  to 
1619  the  most  important  have  been  unknown  up  to  this  time.  They  include  the 
first  instructions  ever  given  to  a  governor  of  a  colony  by  an  English  administrative 
body,  and  the  records  of  the  first  suits  entered  by  the  company  in  chancery  for  the 
purpose  of  enforcing  the  payments  of  sums  adventured  in  the  company  and  of 
securing  a  part  of  the  income  from  the  lottery,  which  the  company  claimed  had  been 
withheld  by  the  agent,  William  Leveson.* 

The  knowledge  which  the  administrators  of  the  affairs  of  the  company  had 
gained  from  the  early  settlers,  and  their  grasp  of  the  necessities  for  exploration,  for 
trade,  and  for  the  conduct  of  affairs  in  the  plantation,  has  hitherto  been  a  matter  of 
surmise  based  on  the  relations  of  the  planters.  From  the  "  Instruccons,  orders, 
and  constitucons  to  Sir  Thomas  Gates,"  "^  in  May,  1609,  and  a  similar  document 
given  to  "Sir  Thos.  West  Knight  LorLawarr"**  in  1609  or  1610  comes  a  revelation 
of  the  motives  of  the  adventurers,  as  well  as  of  the  polic}'  adopted  and  of  the 
methods  outlined  for  the  prosecution  of  their  efforts.  These  instructions  to  Gates 
and  De  La  Warr  afforded  the  authority  for  the  termination  of  the  previous  govern- 
ment in  Virginia,  the  stated  ideas  of  the  company  as  to  locations  for  settlements, 
forts,  and  magazines,  and  concerning  journeys  inland.  It  also  included  an  interesting 
reference  to  Raleigh's  colonists.  The  general  polic}'  in  administering  the  affairs  of 
the  colonists  and  the  detailed  orders  as  to  the  relations  with  the  Indians,  as  far  as 
they  concern  guards,  trade,  and  treaties,  and  the  daily  life  of  the  inhabitants,  indicate 
a  definiteness  in  the  control  of  the  company  which  formerly  was  not  understood. 
In  such  a  revelation  of  the  knowledge  of  the  country  and  of  the  natives  there  is  a 

"Scattering  information  of  such  a  character  concerning  this  period  appears  in  the  discussions 
and  quarrels  recorded  in  the  later  court  books. 

6  List  of  Records,  pp.  123-124,  Nos.  20,  21,  22,  24,  25,  26,  27,  28,  29,  31. 

There  are  three  cases  recorded  in  the  chancery  proceedings  in  which  the  company  attempted  to 
enforce  the  payment  of  adventured  sums.  The  bill  of  complaint  is  identical  in  each  case,  with  the 
exception  of  the  names  of  the  defendant  and  the  sums  they  underwrote.  The  bill,  dated  April  28, 
1613,  against  Sir  Henry  Nevile,  Sir  Henry  Carye,  and  eighteen  others  is  printed  in  Brown's  Genesis  of 
the  United  States,  II,  pp.  623-631,  from  a  copy  found  among  the  Smyth  of  Nibley  papers.  It  differs 
slightly  in  orthography  only  from  the  original  record.  The  five  recorded  answers  supply  even  more 
valuable  information  than  the  bills  of  complaints. 

cThis  manuscript  is  in  the  Bodleian  Library,  Oxford,  Ashmolean  Manuscripln,  1147,  folios  175-190*. 
It  was  discovered  by  the  Editor  in  October,  1903.     See  also  List  of  Records,  p.  122,  No.  10. 

''Ashmolean  Manuscripts,  1147,  folios  191-205".     See  also  List  of  Records,  p.  122,  No.  11. 


UNDER  SIB  TBOMAS  SMYTH E  29 

basis  for  belief  that  the  affairs  of  the  company  were  managed  and  its  records  were 
kept  in  a  systematic  and  businesslike  way. " 

The  company  had  become  convinced  that  the  policy  of  John  Smith  was  a  wise 
one,  and  hence  it  ordered  that  a  number  of  plantations  should  be  settled  and  that 
efforts  should  be  immediately  directed  to  building  healthful  and  sufficient  houses  and 
to  planting  widely  enough  for  the  self-support  of  the  community.  Here  was  the 
germ  which  was  to  develop  into  the  colon}',  but  the  plan  was  as  3'et  by  no  means 
so  far-reaching.  A  common  store,  a  common  magazine,  common  refectories,  labor 
by  groups  with  a  superintendent  for  each  five  or  six  persons,  the  prohibition  of 
trade  with  the  Indians  except  through  the  truck  merchant  were  economic  methods 
which  looked  to  the  gain  of  the  adventurer  in  London  rather  than  to  the  develop- 
ment of  a  colonial  settlement.  When  the  settlers  had  become  self-supporting  and 
capable  of  defense,  then  measures  were  to  be  taken  to  provide  returns,  so  "that  our 
fleetes  come  not  home  empty."  Discovery  of  the  seas  and  of  royal  mines,  exchange 
of  commodities,  the  exaction  of  tribute,  and  the  development  of  the  resources  of 
the  country  for  the  purpose  of  securing  "wines,  pitche,  Tarre,  sope-ashes,  Steele, 
Iron,  Pipestaues,  hempe,  flaxe,''  silk  grass,  fishing  for  pearls,  cod,  and  sturgeon  were 
to  be  the  sources  of  revenue.  The  instructions  placed  authority  implicitly  in  the 
hands  of  the  governor,  who  was  expected  to  hear,  but  not  necessarily  to  heed,  the 
advice  of  the  council  and  to  judge  according  to  "naturall  right  and  equity  then 
vppon  the  nicenes  of  the  lawe." 

The  agents  of  the  corporation — the  governor  and  his  council  in  Virginia — received 
their  authorization  for  the  exercise  of  judicial  as  well  as  legislative  powers  through 
a  commission.  The  one  issued  to  Sir  Thomas  Gates  is  lost,  but  doubtless  is  as  similar 
to  that  given  to  Lord  La  Warr''  as  are  his  instructions.  With  the  exception  of  a  set 
of  "Instructions  for  such  things  as  are  to  be  sente  from  Virginia,  IdlO,""^  these 
orders  and  commissions  are  the  onh'  documents  which  show  anything  of  the  direct 
authority  exercised  by  the  company  over  affairs  in  the  plantation  until  the  issue  of 
the  "Great  Charter  of  privileges,  orders,  and  Lawes"  in  November,  IBIS."* 

Otherwise,  the  whole  course  of  the  activity  of  the  company  under  Sir  Thomas 
Sraythe  was  in  strong  contrast  with  the  work  of  Sir  Edwin  Sandys.     It  was  a  con- 

«Care  on  the  part  of  the  company  is  also  seen  in  the  general  instructions  of  1609  to  the  lieutenant- 
governor  of  Virginia,  which  are  known  only  through  a  copy  of  the  sixth  article,  preserved  in  the  papers 
of  the  Marquis  of  Lansdowne.     Ihid.,  No.  9. 

6  The  commission  bears  the  date  February  28,  1610.  It  is  printed  in  full  in  Brown,  Gmesit.  I, 
376-384. 

c  Printed  in  full  in  Brown,  Oenesis,  I,  384-386. 

''  Post,  p.  34.  This  set  of  instructions  to  Governor  George  Yeardley,  although  given  late  in 
1618,  belongs  both  in  spirit  and  effect  to  the  period  of  the  Sandys-Southampton  administration. 


30  INTRODUCTION 

tinual  struggle  to  arouse  such  interest  in  the  scheme  as  would  result  in  investment. 
The  problem  of  marketing  the  products  of  the  colony,  which  concerned  the  later 
company,  did  not  arise  until  toward  the  close  of  the  period,  when  a  single  unsuccessful 
effort  was  made  to  gain  a  monopoly  of  the  sale  of  tobacco.  In  order  to  increase  the 
capital  stock,  the  company  made  personal  appeals  and  issued  printed  statements  and 
descriptions  which  it  scattered  broadly.  The  story  is  told  in  the  lists  of  adventurers 
cited  above,  in  the  earnest  endeavors  to  secure  new  planters  and  new  adventures  from 
individual  town  and  guild,  in  the  efforts  to  enforce  the  paj'ment  of  sums  already 
adventured,  in  a  few  receipts  concerning  tobacco,  in  the  lottery  schemes,  which  were 
legalized  by  the  charter  of  1612,  and  in  printed  broadsides  and  declarations.  Thus  the 
sums  adventured  b}'  individuals,  by  the  various  London  companies,  and  b3'  the  towns 
of  England  are  given  in  a  series  of  requests  for  adventure  and  in  bills  of  adventure" 
issued  b}'  the  company  and  found  in  the  records  of  those  companies  and  towns*  as 
also  in  private  collections.  The  chancery  proceedings,  in  three  suits,  state  that  the 
company  attempted  to  secure  an  adventure  of  £18,000  and  the  equipment  of  600 
men  during  the  year  1611,  and  the  failure  to  accomplish  its  purpose  was  set  forth  by 
the  defendants  as  a  reason  for  refusing  to  pay  the  sums  adventured.  Incidentally 
there  was  mentioned  an  income  in  the  year  1613  of  £8,000  from  the  lottery,  of 
£2,000  from  the  sale  of  the  Somers  Islands,  and  of  £600  or  £800  from  the  disposal 
of  the  ship  De  La  Warr.'^  However,  with  the  exception  of  an  unpublished  letter 
from  Sandys  to  the  mayor  of  Sandwich''  concerning  the  adventure  by  that  town,  in 
which  he  inclosed  a  list  of  the  subscribers  to  that  particular  adventure,  with  the  sums 
set  down  bj'  each,'  the  official  records  reveal  but  little  as  to  the  sums  which  must 
have  been  received  by  the  company. 

In  a  similar  manner  there  are  unauthentic  records  of  economic  value  concerning 
the  lotteries  and  the  importation  of  tobacco.  Of  the  latter  a  few  receipts  and  mem- 
oranda among  the  papers  of  Lord  Sackville.'"  and  the  Earl  De  La  WarrJ'  are  positively 

"For  the  text  of  these  adventures,  see  Brown,  Genesis,  I,  238,  252-3,  308,  391-2  (has  signature 
of  secretary  and  seal  of  company),  452-3,  453-4,  461-2,  463-5;  II,  496  (signature  and  seal),  555.  For 
two  not  yet  published  see  List  of  Records,  pp.  122,  123,  Nos.  16,  17,  23. 

» For  this  series  of  about  30  records  see  Brown,  Genesis,  I,  254,  257,  257-8,  277,  277-8,  278,  280-2, 
291,  292-3,  302-6,  306-7,  309-10,  388-9,  ,390,  344;  II,  558-9,  560,  561,  592,686-8,  690-1,  768-9,  757.  Also 
List  of  Records,  p.  122,  No.  15. 

clbid.,  Nos.  21,22,  25,  27,  31. 

d  Printed  in  Brown,  Genesis,  I,  461-2,  463-5. 

'The  list  is  printed  in  full  in  Brown,  Genesis,  I,  465-9. 

/  List  of  Records,  p.  127,  No.  59. 

9  Ibid.,  No.  35,  60,  and  Brown,  Genesis,  II,  772.  See  also  reference  to  payments  for  tobacco  sent  to 
Virginia  in  the  List  of  Records,  p.  122,  No.  13. 


DNDER  HIR  THOMAS  SMYTHB  31 

all  there  is  in  existence  relating  to  the  origin  of  a  trade  which  was  estimated  in  1619 
to  be  worth  £100,000.  Of  the  former,  there  is  a  "Declaration  for  the  Lottery," 
published  in  1615  by  the  company,  and  an  order  of  the  Privy  Council,  together  with 
letters  urging  the  towns  of  the  Kingdom  to  adventure  in  this  the  second  great  lottery 
of  the  company.'*  A  letter  from  the  governor  of  the  Virginia  Compan}-  to  the 
mayor  and  aldermen  of  Ipswich  *  is  to  the  same  eflFect,  but  none  of  these  documents 
tell  of  the  income  therefrom.  The  only  record  which  will  give  an  idea  of  the  value 
of  the  first  lottery  is  in  the  chancery  proceedings,  and  relates  to  a  suit  of  the 
company  with  William  Leveson  to  secure  monej's  from  the  lottery,*^  in  which  the 
sum  received  in  1613  is  here  stated  to  have  been  £2,793  and  10  shillings.  The 
answer  of  Leveson  is  of  further  interest  in  that  it  alone  tells  of  the  methods  by 
which  the  business  was  conducted  and  of  the  house  built  for  the  lottery  west  of  St. 
Paul's  Church. 

V. — PUBLICATIONS   OF   THE   COMPANY'' 

The  struggle  for  capital  and  for  settlers  before  1616  is  most  apparent  from  the 
advertisements  that  were  issued.  The  broadsides  of  the  years  1609,  1610,  and  1611 
are  printed  as  official  declarations  of  an  intention  on  the  part  of  the  company  to  send 
voyages  to  Virginia,  and  contain  the  necessary  information  as  to  the  classes  of 
emigrants  wanted — artificers  only — and  the  conditions  and  rewards  for  emigration. 
The  broadside  of  February,  1611,  is  of  most  value,  in  that  the  classes  of  emigrants 
with  the  numbers  of  each  desired  are  specified,  while  that  of  1610  is  a  defense 
against  the  slander  of  recently  returned  colonists,  and  emphasizes  the  former  need 
of  artificers  as  colonists.'^  The  broadsides  of  1613  and  1615  concern  the  di-awing  of 
the  lotteries,  the  latter  declaring  in  a  general  way  the  prosperous  condition  of  the 
country  and  announcing  the  prizes  and  rewards,  thus  affording  some  conception 
of  the  sums  received  from  such  an  enterprise.-'^  The  publications  of  the  year  1616 
disclose,  as  well  as  assert,  the  prosperity  of  the  settlement  and  the  assurance  of  its 
success,  though  giving  no  statistical  information.  That  of  April  arranges  for  the 
first  division  of  lands  among  old  adventurers  and  promises  the  same  to  new  adven- 

« Brown,  Genesis,  II,  760-766.     For  unpublished  letters,  see  List  of  Records,  p.  124,  Nos.  32, 
33,  34. 

blbid.,  No.  71. 

clbid.,  No.  28. 

<*  Because  of  the  close  relation  of  the  publications  of  the  company  to  the  documents  issued  by  the 
company,  the  discussion  of  Class  V  precedes  that  of  Class  IV. 

'These  are  all   reprinted   in  Brown,  Oenem,  I,  (1)  248-249,  (2)  364-356,  (3)  439,  (4)445,  (5) 
469-470. 

/Brown,  Oenesis,  I,  608,  761-765. 
16465— VOL  1—06 3 


32  IKTRODVOTION 

turers,  declaring  the  intention  to  send  a  new  governor  and  surveyors  to  the  colony 
for  the  purpose,  while  that  of  the  winter  of  the  same  year  announces  that  any 
settlers  may  return  to  England  who  will.° 

In  addition  to  the  advertisements  for  investment  and  adventure,  both  of  person 
and  of  money,  the  company  put  forth  a  series  of  publications,  consisting  of  four 
sermons  preached  before  the  company  at  stated  intervals,  intended  to  arouse  both 
interest  and  confidence  in  their  undertaking.  These  afford  but  little  if  any  definite 
information,  but  reveal  the  spirit  of  the  times,  as  also  the  lines  of  criticism  and 
resistance  which  the  compan}'  had  continuailj'  to  meet.* 

But  of  far  gi-eater  importance  to  a  comprehension  of  the  attitude  of  the  com- 
pany, and  especially  of  the  progress  of  the  plantation,  are  the  declarations  concern- 
ing the  colon}-,  which  were  published  by  the  company.''  They  are  nine  in  number, 
and  bear  the  following  titles  and  dates: 

(1)  J^ova  Britannia.     London,  1609. 

(2)  Virginia  richly  valued.     London,  April  15,  1609. 

(3)  A  True  and  sijwere  declaration  of  the  purpose  and  end^  of  the  Plantatim^, 

"by  the  authority  of  the  Governor  and  Councellors  of  the  Plantation." 
London,  1610.     [December  1-1,  1609.] 

(4)  Newesfrom  Virginia — a  poem.     1610. 

(5)  A  True  declaration  of  the  estate  of  the  colony  of  Vi/rgini<i,  by  the  order  of 

the  "Councell  of  Virginia."     London,  1610. 

(6)  De  La   Warr''s  Relation.     London,  July  6,  1611,  with  Crashaw's  Epistle 

Dedicatorie  as  a  preface. 

(7)  The  Neil}  life  of  Virginea — second  part  of  Noua  Britannia.,  by  "the  Coun- 

sell  of  Virginea."     London,  May  1,  1612. 

(8)  Good  Newes  from  Virginia.,  by  Whittaker.     London,  1613. 

(9)  A  hooke  called  an  narracon  of  the  presetit  State  of  Virginia  hy  Ralph 

Hammer.     London,  161.5. 

The  documents  published  in  1609  and  also  the  poem  of  1610  were  efforts  on  the 

part  of  the  company  to  defend  itself  against  charges  of  failure  in  earlier  years  and  to 

reveal  the  advantages  which  were  promised  under  the  new  system  of  government. 

This  is  distinctly  the  tone  and  motive  of  the  Nova  Britannia,  in  which  appear  argu- 

a  Brown,  Oenem,  I,  774-779,  797-799. 

6  Brown,  Genuin,  I,  (1)  282;  (2)  293;  (3)  312-316;  (4)  360-373.  A  fourth  rermon  preached  by 
Richard  Crakanthorpe,  March  24,  1608/9,  on  the  anniversary  of  the  accesBion  of  James  I,  has  favorable 
references  to  the  project.     See  Brown,  Genem,  I,  255-256. 

'^  Brown  either  reprints  all  of  these  or  cites  the  reference.  Genem,  J,  (1 )  241-243;  (2)  279-280;  (3) 
337-353;   (-1)  420-426;   (5)  427-428;  (6)  477-478;  II,  (7)  658-569;  (7)  577-588,  611-620;  (9)  746-747. 


UNDER  SIB  THOMAS  SM7THB  33 

ments  in  favor  of  the  colony,  and  the  statements  of  the  plans,  resources,  and  needs 
of  the  colony,  together  with  an  outline  of  the  government  which  was  now  to  be 
administered. 

A  True  and  sincere  declaration  further  explains  the  unsatisfactory  condition 
of  the  colony  by  reference  to  the  incompetence  of  previous  governors,  furnishing 
perhaps  the  best  historical  narrative  which  was  issued  by  the  company  during  the 
first  period  of  the  plantation.  It  also  holds  out  the  promise  of  improved  conditions 
under  Gates  and  De  La  Warr,  who  are  to  be  shortly  sent  to  Virginia  with  a  complete 
outfit  of  men  and  provisions.  The  second  document  describes  the  southern  part  of 
the  countrj^  and  cites  the  advantages  of  Florida  as  evidence  of  the  opportunities 
in  Virginia.  After  the  time  of  De  La  Warr  the  published  accounts  of  the  plans, 
movements,  and  successes  of  the  colonists  became  more  complete.  While  the  state- 
ments of  De  La  Warr  in  his  Relation  are  a  bare  outline  of  the  conditions  as  he 
found  them  and  the  improvements  in  trade  and  discovery  to  which  Captain  Argall 
had  contributed,  together  with  his  lordship's  plans  for  the  future,  it  is  of  value 
as  forming,  with  Hamor's  narrative  four  years  later,  a  surprisingly  accurate  and 
satisfactory  treatment  of  the  development  in  the  colony  during  those  years. 

Hamor  gives  a  clear  statement  of  the  methods  and  success  of  Captain  Dale  in  his 
relations  with  the  Indians,  of  his  organization  and  reform  of  the  colony,  and  of  his 
establishment  of  order  therein,  and  reveals  clearly  the  state  of  affairs  on  the  arrival 
of  Gates,  the  cause  of  the  failure  heretofore,  and  the  details  of  the  building  of  the 
successive  towns,  with  descriptions  and  statistics  for  each.  He  gives  also  an  his- 
torical narrative  of  the  relations  with  the  various  Indian  tribes  and  his  knowledge 
and  statements  concerning  the  resources  of  the  country  are  equally  satisfactory. 
While  Whittaker's  Good  Neioes  from  Virginia  and  The  New  Life  of  Virginia  are 
of  value  as  corroborative  evidence,  they  add  but  little  to  the  knowledge  of  condi- 
tions or  resources,  and  evidently  were  written  more  in  the  spirit  of  the  poem  of 
1610,  being  intended  to  inspire  confidence  in  the  management  of  the  colons,  in  the 
new  system,  and  in  the  ofiicers  installed,  as  well  as  to  arouse  enthusiasm  in  the 
project. 

It  is  evident  that  these  publications  are  of  more  direct  value  in  the  study  of 
the  progress  of  the  colony  and  tell  at  first  hand  but  little  more  than  the  methods 
employed  by  the  company  to  gain  its  end,  but,  together  with  the  other  reports 
from  the  colony  which  are  preserved  in  manuscript  form,  they  to  an  extent  supply 
what  has  been  lost  by  the  disappearance  of  the  court  book.  They  prove  that  there 
was  a  gradual  change  in  the  motive  and  means  of  the  company,  due  entirely  to 
the  exigencies  of  the  case.      The  failure  to   discover  precious  metals  forced  the 


34  IXTRODVCTIOy 

company  to  concern  itself  with  the  development  of  the  resources  of  the  country  and 
with  the  production  of  staple  articles  which  were  needed  in  England.  Then,  too, 
the  first  written  laws  promulgated  by  Gates,  De  La  Warr,  and  Dale  in  1610-1612, 
martial  in  form  and  harsh  in  character,  reveal  the  type  of  the  plantation  which  the 
compan}-  now  proposed;"  the  freedom  of  the  individual  was  to  be  reduced  to  a 
minimum,  all  labor  was  to  be  regulated  as  if  it  were  a  military  discipline  and 
the  produce  was  to  belong  to  the  common  store.  Thus  the  evils  of  the  earlj' 
settlement  were  to  be  avoided.  But  of  necessity  this  plan  was  temporary.  Argall, 
like  Smith,  was  a  good  colonizer.  The  explorations  of  Smith  and  his  trade  with  the 
Indians,  together  with  the  order  and  prosperity  which  were  brought  by  Dale,  resulted 
in  the  founding  of  various  settlements,  such  as  Henrico  and  others  farther  south, 
which  became  self-supporting  and  independent  of  the  "supplies"  from  England. 
This  meant  that  the  company  was  to  be  forced  to  assume  a  different  attitude  toward 
the  colony;  that  the  common  labor,  common  store,  and  common  trade  must  be 
abandoned.  By  1614  private  lands  had  been  given  to  a  few  inhabitants,  every  family 
had  been  assured  of  a  house  of  four  rooms,  rent  free,  for  one  j'ear,  and  women  had 
been  sent  to  the  colony  to  aid  in  keeping  the  settlers  contented  and  permanent. 

Whether  the  company  made  any  resistance  to  this  development  within  the  set- 
tlement, by  which  the  adventurer  in  London  must  share  the  profit  with  the  planter, 
will  onl}-  be  known  when  the  court  book  shall  have  been  discovered,  but  it  is  certain 
that  by  1616  the  point  of  view  of  the  leaders  of  the  company  had  changed.  They 
had  then  come  to  realize  that  they  were  to  be  the  middlemen  for  the  marketing  of 
the  produce  of  the  planters.  This  is  proved  by  the  movement  in  1616  for  the 
monopoly  of  the  importation  of  the  only  lucrative  staple,  tobacco.  Again,  in  1619, 
when  the  time  for  free  importation  from  the  plantation  had  expired,  they  most 
eagerly  sought  an  adjustment  with  the  Crown,  although,  in  1614,  Sir  Edwin  Sandys, 
by  this  time  the  leading  spirit  in  the  companj',  had  been  the  chairman  in  the  House 
committee  which  reported  against  monopolies. 

To  such  an  extent  had  the  colony  now  grown  that  the  instructions  given  to  Sir 
George  Yeardley  in  November,  1618,  called  "The  Great  Charter  of  privileges,  orders, 
and  Lawes,"  recognized  the  necessitj'  for  local  government.  They  provided  for  two 
houses,  the  "Council  of  State,"  to  be  chosen  by  the  companj^  in  its  quarter  court, 
and  the  general  assembl}',  to  consist  "  of  the  Council  of  State  and  two  Burgesses 

"For  the  Colony  of  Virgiiua  Britannia,  Lawei  Diiine,  Morall  and  Martiall,  li'c,  entered  for  publica- 
tion on  December  13,  1611,  is  a  code  first  established  by  Sir  Thomas  Gates,  May  24, 1610,  approved  by 
the  lord  governor,  June  12,  1610,  and  exemplified  and  enlarged  by  Sir  Thomas  Dale,  June  22,  1611. 
They  are  reprinted  in  Force,  Tracts,  Vol.  III. 


UNDER  SIR  THOMAS  SM7THE  35 

chosen  out  of  each  Town  Hundred  or  other  particular  Plantation.""  The  great  dif- 
ference between  this  act  of  the  company  and  that  of  nine  years  before,  when  the 
instructions  to  Gates  were  issued  and  the  laws  of  Dale  were  approved,  is  apparent. 
Whether  it  was  due  entirely  to  the  necessities  arising  from  the  changed  conditions 
in  the  colony  heretofore  noted  or  to  the  abuse  of  power  by  Saumel  Argall,  from  1616 
to  1619,  is  uncertain.*  Whether  it  was  but  a  reflection  of  the  growing  popular  senti- 
ment within  the  company  by  which  the  generality  exercised  the  powers  of  adminis- 
tration or  whether  it  was  due  to  the  influence  of  the  "opposition"  in  parliament  can 
not  be  settled  without  fuller  records  than  are  at  present  extant. 

IV. — LETTERS  FROM  THE  PLANTERS  AND  RECORDS  OF  THE  COLOXY 

The  printed  reports  from  the  colonists  and  the  printed  declarations  of  the  company 
were  of  course  based  on  the  letters  from  the  planters  and  on  those  from  the  governor 
and  council  of  Virginia  to  the  Virginia  Company.  There  were  also  letters  from  indi- 
viduals in  the  colony  to  ofiicers  of  the  company  or  to  other  adventurers  in  England. 
They  may  perhaps  reveal  more  clearly  the  condition  of  afl'airs  in  the  colony  and  the 
influences  which  moved  the  company  in  its  change  of  policy,  since  they  do  not  attempt 
to  conceal,  excuse,  or  palliate  any  of  the  circumstances.  Six  of  these  narrate  the 
story  of  the  voyage  of  Gates  and  Somers,  the  misery  in  the  plantation  on  the  arrival 
of  Gates  and  of  De  La  Warr  in  1610,  and  the  steps  that  were  taken  to  improve  con- 
ditions.'' Through  other  letters  from  the  colony  the  company  gained  its  knowledge 
respecting  voyages  to  Virginia,  progress  and  order  in  the  colon}',  and  the  building  of 
Jamestown,''  especially  under  Sir  Thomas  Dale,  and  as  to  the  prosperity  of  the  settlers. 
Dale  in  1611,  outlined  his  plans  and  his  achievements,  urged  the  sending  of  2,000  men, 
and  suggested  that  the  difiiculty  of  securing  planters  might  be  overcome  by  making 
the  settlement  a  penal  colony.  In  1615,  1616,  and  1617  the  company  received 
reassurances  from  Dale,  Hamor,  and  Rolfe  of  the  prosperity  of  the  colony;  but  the 
publications  of  the  company  and  the  letters  from  the  colony  from  1615  to  161S  were 

"List  of  Records,  p.  129,  No.  72. 

*  There  are  extracts  from  two  letters  dealing  with  the  alleged  misappropriations  and  abuse  of  power 
by  Captain  Argall,  deputy  governor  from  May,  1617,  to  April  20,  1619.  One  of  these  was  addressed  to 
Captain  Argall  and  bears  the  date  August  22,  1618;  the  other  to  Lord  De  La  Warr,  August  23,  1618. 
They  are  preserved  in  the  court  book  of  the  company  under  the  date  of  June  19,  1622.  .See  also 
Ibid.,  Noa.  82,  83. 

<^  These  letters  were  from  the  governor  and  council,  July  7,  1610;  from  John  RadcUffe,  October  4, 
1609,  Gabriel  Archer,  August  31,  1609,  and  from  Captain  Somers  and  Lord  La  Warr,  August,  1610,  to 
the  Earl  of  Salisbury;  and  from  William  Strachey  in  .1  TYue  Reptrtorii,  July  15,  1610.  They  are 
reprinted  in  Brown,  Oenesis,  I,  328-332,  400-402,  402-413,  416-417. 

''See  Strachey,  .4  TVue  Repertory,  in  Ihtrchas,  His  PUgrimes,  IV,  pp.  1734-1756. 


36  INTRODVCTION 

either  very  few  in  number,  or  have  not  been  preserved.     These  were  the  years  of  the 
excessive  abuses  in  the  colony  under  Sir  Samuel  Argall." 

The  only  evidence  of  records  kept  by  the  colonists  is  an  abstract  of  "  A  Register 
book  during  the  Goum'  of  Sam'  Argall  Esq''  admiral,  and  for  3'"  time  p''°sent,  prin 
cipal  Gou''  of  Virg""  in  the  year  1618.  This  abstract  was  probably  made  in  1730 
under  the  direction  of  R.  Hickman,  deputy  clerk  of  the  general  court  of  Virginia 
at  that  time,  and  has  heretofoi-e  been  unnoticed.  From  it  comes  a  knowledge  of 
correspondence  between  the  governor  and  Bermuda  Hundred  and  Kicoughtan,  and 
between  the  governor  and  the  company  in  London.  A  complaint  of  the  largeness  of 
privilege  given  to  Captain  Martin  in  his  grant  is  significant  because  of  the  long  con- 
test during  later  years,  between  the  company  and  Captain  Martin  over  this  patent. 
There  are,  too,  a  number  of  commissions  to  officers  for  trade  and  for  command,  and 
several  warrants,  edicts,  and  proclamations.  These  are  very  similar  in  character  to 
those  issued  by  the  governor  and  council  in  1623,  and  reveal  the  fact  that  methods 
of  government  had  not  altered  materially,  though  the  source  of  authority  had  been 
changed  by  the  great  charter  of  1618.  The  severitj'  of  penalty  and  the  threats  of 
reduction  to  slavery  for  offense  are  perhaps  the  features  most  characteristic  of  the 
period.* 

VI. — PRIVATE    PAPERS    OF   ADVENTURERS 

While  the  company  probably  did  not  officially  use  the  private  correspondence 
received  from  the  colony  by  individual  adventurers,  it  doubtless  profited  by  the 
information  which  it  contained.  Thus,  the  relation  of  John  Rolfe,''  addressed  to 
Lord  Rich  and  the  King  in  1616,  ranked  in  value  with  the  descriptions  of  Ralph 
Hamor,  for  it  discussed  the  water  supply  of  the  colon}',  its  food,  clothing,  houses,  and 
government  and  gave  statistical  information  as  to  the  various  towns,  their  location, 
the  number  of  their  inhabitants,  and  their  officers.  There  are  at  least  six  other 
letters  extant,  similar  in  character,  though  of  less  value.** 

But  another  series  of  private  papers  partakes  most  strongl}'  of  the  nature  of 
documents  of  the  company.     These  are  the  contracts  and  correspondence  relating 

"  For  the  log  book  of  Argall  and  for  these  letters  from  Spelman,  Dale,  Argall,  and  Rolfe,  see  Brown, 
Genesis,  I,  428-439,  483-488,  488-i94,  501-508;  II,  639-640:  rirginia  Magazine  of  History,  IV,  28,  29; 
X,  134-138.     Also  noted  in  the  List  of  Records  post,  p.  125,  Nos.  39,  40. 

i>For  full  citation  of  these  abstracts  of  about  twenty  documents,  see  Ibid.,  Nos.  40,  42^8,  50- 
52,  55-57,  64,  65,  67,  74,  75. 

<^  Reprinted  in  the  Virginia  Historical  Register,  I. 

''(I)  Sir  Samuell  Argall  to  Nicholas  Hawes,  June,  ;i613;  (2)  Whittaker  to  Crashaw,  August  9, 
1611;  (3)  Percy  to  Northumberland,  August  17,  1611;  (4)  Dale  to  Winwood,  June  3,  1616;  (5)  Dale 
to  D.  M.,  June  18,  1614;  (6)  Whittaker  to  Master  G.,  June  18,  1614.  See  Brown,  Genesis,  I,  (1) 
640-644;  (2)  497-500;  (3)  500-601;  II,  (4)  780-782;   (5)  747;  (6)  747. 


UNDER  SIR  THOMAS  SMYTHE  37 

to  individual  adventures  to  Virginia  or  to  groups  of  adventurers.  They  indicate 
a  tendency  in  the  company  to  grant  private  monopolies  and  to  encourage  private 
settlements — measures  which  indicate  the  growing  importance  of  the  undertaking 
and  the  development  of  individual  trade.  Only  one  series  of  documents  relating  to 
individual  adventures  is  extant,  those  by  which  Lord  Zouch's  investment  in  Virginia 
was  secured  to  him.  His  contracts  were  made  in  May,  1618,  with  John  Bargrave 
and  James  Brett.  There  is  also  his  warrant  to  John  Fenner  to  pass  to  Virginia  and 
trade  with  the  colony  and  the  savages  in  his  pinnace  Silver  Falcon,  in  February, 
1618'19.« 

The  other  series  of  documents,  which  illustrate  the  legal  forms  and  methods  of 
the  company,  as  also  the  way  in  which  the  tirst  plantations  were  undertaken  by 
private  means,  concern  Smythe's  Hundred  and  Berkeley  Hundred.  Among  the 
Ferrar  papers  are  the  minutes  of  the  meeting  of  the  committee  for  Smythe's 
Hundred  on  May  8,  1618,*  the  first  record  concerning  the  hundred,  which  provides 
for  the  sending  out  and  equipment  of  thirty -five  men  at  an  expense  of  £657  9s.  id. 

VII. — SUPPLEMENTABY    CONTEMPOKARY    CORRESPONDENCE    AND   RECORDS 

In  addition  to  the  documents  which  are  either  ofiicial  records  or  similar  to  such 
records  in  character,  there  is  a  large  amount  of  correspondence  between  officers 
of  state  in  England  and  other  individuals  which  by  its  reference  throws  light 
on  the  aflfairs  of  the  company  or  gives  additional  or  corroborative  data.  All  of 
this  which  is  earlier  in  date  than  1616  has  been  published  by  Alexander  Brown. 

There  are  seven  letters,  the  dates  of  which  fall  between  1616  and  1619,  that 
are  of  the  same  character;  but  they  add  nothing  in  fact  to  the  other  documents, 
although  two  of  them  reveal  the  measures  taken  even  at  this  early  date  to  impress 
youths  and  maidens  for  Virginia  and  to  send  reprieved  prisoners  to  the  colony."^  Of 
the  documents  of  this  character,  which  are  given  by  Brown,  perhaps  the  correspond- 
ence between  the  Spanish  ambassador  in  London  and  the  King  of  Spain  is  the  most 
valuable,  not  in  the  trustworthiness  of  the  data — though  much  of  it  confirms  other 
sources — but  in  the  revelation  it  contains  of  the  part  that  Spanish  relations  played 
in  the  development  of  the  company'  and  especially  in  its  decline  during  the  follow- 
ing decade,  while  its  reference  to  prevalent  rumors,  reports,  and  sentiment  are 
extremely  illuminating.  There  are  thirty-seven  of  these  documents  in  all,  including 
the  correspondence  concerning  the  Spanish  ship  Chaloner.  TheChamberlain-Carleton, 
Digby-Salisbury,  Cottington-Salisbury,  and  Lee- Wilson  correspondence  add  occa- 

«  For  these  documents  see  List  of  Records,  p.  129,  Nos.  77,  82,  98,  99. 

^Ibid.,  No.  76. 

olbid.,  Nos.  84,  85,  88,  89,  96. 


38  lyTRODVCTION 

sional  data  and  serve  to  fix  dates  and  facts  which  are  known  from  other  sources." 
Of  similar  value  are  the  chronicles  of  Howes,  Abbot's  Geography,  Smith's  Map  of 
England  and  his  General  Histor\',  the  Commons  Journal,  the  writings  of  Sir  Fer- 
dinando  Gorges,  and  other  material  which  emanated  from  the  Plymouth  adventurers." 

o See  Brown,  Gmem,  "Table  of  Contents." 


3.    ®l|?  ainlbrttnna  at  BamxnmtB,  lfilB-lfia4 

General  Character  of  the  Records 

The  character  of  the  documents  of  the  company  after  1619  is  fundamentally 
the  same  as  in  the  preceding  decade.  Virginia  was  still  a  proprietarj'  province 
with  a  commercial  company  as  an  overlord,  and  therefore  the  company  was  still 
the  immediate  source  of  all  government  in  the  colony.  To  it  came  all  appeals 
from  colonial  authorities;  it  exercised  control  over  all  commerce,  both  from  and 
to  Virginia;  it  granted  all  land  and  all  privileges.  Although  the  number  of  doc- 
uments emanating  from  the  Crown " — that  is,  of  the  first  class — is  large,  they  are 
rather  an  indication  of  the  increasing  wealth  and  importance  of  the  company,  than 
of  royal  interference.  They  concern  the  regulation  of  trade,  complain  of  the 
abuse  of  power  by  the  company,  or  provide  for  the  investigation  of  its  acts 
rather  than  assume  any  authority  in  the  direct  administration  of  its  affairs.  In 
them  interference  in  the  management  is  foreshadowed,  but  it  is  not  until  the 
dissolution  of  the  company  that  the  Crown  again  becomes  the  proprietor. 

The  mass  of  materials  which  form  the  records  for  this  period  is  much 
greater  than  in  the  earlier  decade.  This  is  due  on  the  one  hand  to  their 
preservation  in  two  or  three  collections,  and  on  the  other  especially  to  the  vast 
growth  of  business  in  the  company  and  the  rapid  development  from  a  colony 
for  exploitation  into  a  colony  for  settlement.  Thus  the  minutes  of  the  company, 
forming  the  second  class  of  documents,  show  that  it  conducted  a  larger  amount 
of  business  than  any  other  proprietary  company.*  These  minutes  comprise  two 
large  volumes  of  the  court  book,  and  fill  741  manuscript  pages.''  In  the  third 
class  there  are  nine  letters  from  the  company  to  the  governor  and  council  in  the 
colony,  and  twelve  from  the  latter  body  to  the  company,  in  addition  to  a  large 
number  of  receipts,  commissions,  instructions,  and  laws.**  A  mass  of  material 
belonging  distinctly  to   the  plantation   seiTes   as   a   part   of    the    records   of    the 

oSee  documents  under  Class  I  in  the  List  of  Records. 

''For  this  statement,  as  also  for  a  full  understanding  of  the  character  of  the  company,  see  Osgooii, 
The  American  Colonies  in  the  Seventeenth  Century,  I,  61. 
'Grouped  under  Class  II  in  the  List  of  Records. 
<ilbid.,  Class  III. 


40  INTRODUCTION 

company  and  at  the  same  time  furnishes  the  story  of  the  beginning  of  the 
political  unity  of  the  colony.  This  group  consists  of  the  "court  booke"  of  the 
council  of  the  colony  during  the  last  year  of  the  authority  of  the  company, 
covering  about  65  pages;  54  commissions,  orders,  proclamations,  and  warrants  to 
subordinates  in  the  colony  issued  by  the  governor  and  council  in  Virginia,  and 
35  petitions  to  the  same  body  from  the  members  of  the  colony."  The  publica- 
tions of  the  company  for  this  final  period  of  its  existence  number  3  lai'ge 
broadsides,  11  declarations  containing  168  printed  pages,  and  4  sermons  and 
treatises  made  up  of  150  pages.*  The  supplementary  oiEcial  material  found  in 
the  correspondence  between  individuals  of  the  company  and  of  the  colony  or 
between  members  of  the  company  in  England,  in  addition  to  the  records  of  the 
private  companies  within  the  larger  body,  includes  many  documents  and  memo- 
randa.*^ Sixty-six  of  these  are  preserved  in  the  Manchester  papers,  while  78  are 
from  the  Ferrar  papei's,  which  are  now  first  made  known  and  published.  The 
unoflicial  material,  consisting  of  records  of  other  companies,  of  towns,  and  of 
correspondence  touching  on  the  affairs  of  the  company  or  colony,  numbers  about 
40  documents.'' 

The  relative  value  of  the  various  classes  of  the  records  for  this  period  has 
been  altered  by  the  preservation  of  the  court  book  which  has  made  the  other 
material  supplementary,  or  even  subsidiary,  with  the  exception  of  the  correspond- 
ence; for  in  it  is  either  recorded  or  summarized  the  information  which  the 
company  had  received  from  all  other  sources,  or  which  it  imparted  to  individuals 
or  to  the  public  by  other  means.  But  the  fact  that  the  other  records  are 
supplementary  does  not  decrease  their  value,  for  they  often  furnish  the  data 
which  are  the  basis  of  the  acts  and  conclusions  of  the  company,  while  some  of 
them  also  reveal  the  legal  or  political  processes  of  the  company,  of  the  colony, 
of  the  courts,  or  of  the  sovereign  authority,  and  others  are  of  great  value  in  the 
light  which  they  throw  on  the  dissenting  party  within  the  company. 

The  subject-matter  of  the  court  book,  as  well  as  the  character  and  contents 
of  the  various  documents,  proves  the  changed  condition  which  the  increase  of 
business  had  brought  about,  since  a  large  proportion  of  the  records  deal  with  the 
founding  and  conducting  of  private  enterprises,  and  many  of  them  are  really 
documents  of  a  private  nature.  It  is  apparent  that  the  company  still  looked  upon 
the  colony  as  a  source  of  income  for  the  investors,  but  that  the  ulterior  object 

a  Grouped  under  Class  IV  in  the  List  of  Records.    These  papers  are  all  in  the  Library  of  Congress. 
bJbid.,  Class  V. 
cjbid.,  Class  VL 
dibid.,  Class  VII. 


THE  COLLECTIONS  OF  DOCUMENTS,  1616-1624  41 

had  become  the  development  of  the  resources  of  Virginia  instead  of  the  produc- 
tion of  wealth  through  mines  and  the  opening  of  new  trade  routes.  As  a  result 
of  this  change  in  commercial  object  had  come  the  need  of  larger,  more  numerous, 
and  more  scattered  settlements  in  the  colony,  and  of  greater  co-operation  on  the 
part  of  the  settlers,  although  it  may  well  be  claimed  that  the  latter  uecessit}^  had 
been  urged  upon  the  leadei'S  by  the  mismanagement  of  Captain  Argall  during 
the  three  years  previous  to  the  change  in  administi'ation.  In  order  to  increase 
the  number  of  planters,  concessions  of  privilege  had  been  made  to  private  parties 
or  groups  as  earlj'  as  1618,  since  such  investments  were  doubtless  easier  to  secure 
when  the  adventure  was  under  the  immediate  control  of  the  undertaker.  Simi- 
larly, for  the  purpose  of  stimulating  capital  and  gaining  the  co-operation  of  the 
planters,  the  division  of  land,  promised  in  1609,  was  proclaimed  in  1616.  Free 
tenancy  was  now  guaranteed  to  all  individuals,  even  to  indented  servants,  at  the 
expiration  of  seven  years.  The  organization  of  joint  stock  companies  for  the  manage- 
ment of  trade,  which  supplanted  the  magazine,  was  a  movement  toward  private  enter- 
prize.  Hence  it  is  that  these  subjects,  together  with  those  which  concern  the  impor- 
tation and  sale  of  tobacco,  occupy  the  greater  part  of  the  court  book,  and  must  have 
consumed  most  of  the  attention  of  the  corporation.  The  burden  of  discussion  in  the 
courts  concerned  the  best  means  of  marketing  the  products,  whereas  in  the  earlier 
decade  it  must  have  related  to  the  increase  of  capital.  The  records  of  the  colony 
were  no  longer  simple  reports  to  the  company  and  instructions  from  the  proprietor, 
but  assumed  the  character  of  political  documents,  since  liberty  of  land  and  trade,  and 
the  creation  of  numerous  plantations  and  scattered  settlements  resulted  in  the  growth 
of  "political  conditions  and  forces  side  by  side  with  the  commercial  and  economic." 
The  minutes  of  the  colonial  legislative  assembly,  the  records  of  the  colonial  court,  the 
petitions  to  the  governor  and  council,  and  the  commissions  and  orders  granted  by  that 
body  are  all  distinctively  new  features  in  the  records.  Here  is  evidence  of  the  crea- 
tion of  the  colony,  with  its  body  of  free  citizens,  out  of  the  plantation,  with  its  body 
of  half -servile  laborers. 

THE  JEFFERSON  LIBRARY  IN  THE  LIBRARY  OF  CONGRESS 

The  records  of  the  company  under  the  administration  of  Sir  Edwin  Sandy.s  and 
the  Earl  of  Southampton,  or  the  copies  of  them  so  far  as  extant,  are  to-day  scattered 
among  many  public  and  private  collections  both  in  England  and  in  America.  The 
Library  of  Congress  at  Washington  possesses  by  far  the  largest  and  most  impor- 
tant collection  in  this  country.  It  contains  the  contemporary  certified  copy  of  the 
court  book  from  1619  to  1624,  as  well  as  a  mass  of  original  correspondence,  or 
contemporary  copies  of  the  same,  between  the  company  and  the  council  iu  Virginia. 


42  IXTRODVCTION 

It  also  includes  mauy  original  records  of  the  colouj',  many  eighteenth  centurj'  tran- 
scripts of  the  original  commissions,  patents,  and  other  records,  and  many  recent 
transcripts  and  photographs  of  documents  in  the  collections  of  England. 

The  eighteenth  century  transcripts  and  the  original  documents  and  contemporary 
copies  came  to  the  Library  of  Congress  from  Thomas  Jefferson's  collection  in  two 
diflferent  groups:  the  tirst  in  1815,  when  his  library,  purchased  "  in  a  lump  as 
it  stood  on  the  catalogue,"''  was  secured  by  Congress  for  the  sum  of  $23,950;  the 
second  was  secured  when  the  books  of  Mr.  Jefferson  were  sold  at  auction  subsequent 
to  his  death  in  1826.  The  catalogue  of  the  auction  sale  classitied  those  acquired 
by  the  Library  of  Congress  at  the  latter  date  under  two  numbers  as  follows:  * 

"No.  121.  Records  of  the  Virginia  Company,  2  vols.,  fol.  MS.  (the  authentic 
copy  mentioned  in  Stith's  Histoiy). 

"No.  122.  Old  Records  of  Virginia,  4  vols.  fol.  MS.  viz: 

"A.  Letters,  proclamations  in  1622-23,  and  correspondence  1625. 
(42)  Transactions  in  council  and  assembly,  their  petition  and  his  majesty's 
answer.*^ 

"B.  (9).  Orders  from  Feb.  1622  to  Nov.  1627.'' 

"C.  (32)  A.  Foreign    business   and    Inquisitions    from    1665    to    1676. 
Transactions  of  the  council  from  Dec.  9,  1698,  to  May  2U,  1700."" 
The  volumes  of  Jefferson  manuscripts  relating  to  the  company,  which  became 
the  property  of  the  Government  in  1815,  were  as  follows: 

(1)  J^irst  lavjs  made  hy  the  Assembly  in  Va.     anno  1623/    (Used  by  Hening.) 

(2)  Journal  of  the  Council  and  Assembly,  1626-1634.     (Used  by  Hening.)  'J 

(3)  Miscellaneous  Records,  1606-1692,  with  a  small  quarto  containing  abstracts 
of  Rolls  in  the  offices  of  State  bound  into  the  volume.  (Commonly  known  as  the 
Bland  copy,  because  so  cited  by  Hening.) 

"  Manuscript  letters  of  Thomas  Jefferson  in  the  Library  of  Congress.  In  this  letter  to  William 
Hening,  March  11,  1815,  from  Monticello,  Mr.  Jefferson  stated  that  he  could  not  retain  a  volume,  since 
Congress  had  purchased  his  library. 

''The  "Catalogue.     President  Jefferson's  library (as  arranged  by  himself, ) to  be  sold 

at  auction,  at  the  Long  Eoom,  Pennsylvania  Avenue,  Washington ,  27th  of  February,  1829, 

,"  p.  4,  is  in  the  Library  of  Congress,  Miscellaneous  Pamphletn,  Vol.  859,  No.  14. 

i^This  is  classified  as  one  folio  manuscript  in  the  catalogue  of  the  Library  of  Congress,  1830,  and 
the  latter  is  doubtless  the  manuscript  covering  the  period  from  1626-1634. 

''This  manuscript  also  contains  loose  papers  to  1632. 

''Calalogue  of  the  lAhrary  of  Congress,  ISSO,  p.  167. 

/  Catalogue  of  the  Library  of  Congress,  1S16,  p.  73. 

?  This  is  probably  the  same  manuscript  as  that  mentioned  above  under  the  Jefferson  catalogue  as 
No.  122  (42).  There  ia  no  other  manuscript  in  the  Library  which  corresponds  to  the  title  here  given 
or  to  the  description  above. 


TBE  COLLECTIONS  OF  DOCUMENTH,  1616-1624  43 

(4)  Mucellaneous  Papers,  1606-1683.  Instructions,  Commicons  letters  of  Advice 
cmd  admonitions  and  Puhlic  Speeches,  Proclamations  ike.  Collected,  transcribed  and 
dAligently  examinedhy  the  Originall  Records,  nmo  extant,  helongiiuj  to  the  Assemhlie. 

The  entire  set  in  the  first  group,  acquired  in  1829,  is  composed  either  of  original 
documents  or  of  contemporary  transcripts,  while  the  second  paper  of  the  second 
group  belongs  to  the  same  period.  The  Miscellaneous  Papers,  1606-1683,  are  a 
seventeenth  century  transcript.  The  Laws  of  1623  and  the  Miscellaneous  Records, 
1606-1692,  are  transcripts  of  the  early  eighteenth  century  and  are  attested  by  R. 
Hickman,  who  was  clerk  of  the  general  court  in  1722.  The  origin  and  identification 
of  these  various  volumes,  together  with  a  later  copy  of  the  court  book  of  the  com- 
pany, now  in  the  library  of  the  Virginia  Historical  Society  and  commonly  known  as 
the  [John]  Randolph  [of  Roanoke]  copy,  has  been  a  subject  of  doubt  and  discussion, 
arising  from  the  conflicting  descriptions  of  the  volumes  by  the  early  historians  of 
Virginia,  William  Stith  and  John  D.  Burk,  and  by  the  editor  of  many  of  the 
documents  in  1809,  William  Hening. 

The  following  statements  with  regard  to  the  first  group  made  by  Mr.  Jefferson 
in  a  letter  to  Hugh  P.  Taylor,  October  4, 1825,"  will  serve  as  a  basis  for  the  attempt 
to  ascertain  the  history  and  authenticity  of  those  manuscripts: 

"  The  only  manuscripts  1  now  possess  relating  to  the  antiquities  of  our  country 
are  some  folio  volumes:  Two  of  these  are  the  proceeding[s]  of  the  Virginia  company 
in  England;  the  remaining  four  are  of  the  Records  of  the  Council  of  Virginia,  from 
1622  to  1700.  The  account  of  the  first  two  volumes,  you  will  see  in  the  preface  to 
Stiths  History  of  Virginia.  They  contain  the  records  of  the  Virginia  Company, 
copied  from  the  originals,  under  the  eye,  if  I  recollect  rightly,  of  the  Earl  of  South- 
ampton, a  member  of  the  companj-,  bought  at  the  sale  of  his  library  by  Doctor 
Byrd,  of  Westover,  and  sold  with  that  library  to  Isaac  Zane.  These  volumes 
happened  at  the  time  of  the  sale,  to  have  been  borrowed  by  Col.  R.  Bland,*  whose 
library  I  purchased,  and  with  this  they  were  sent  to  nie.  I  gave  notice  of  it  to  Mr. 
Zane,  but  he  never  reclaimed  them. 

"  The  other  four  volumes,  I  am  confident,  are  the  original  office  records  of  the 
council.  My  conjectures  are,  that  when  Sir  John  Randolph  was  about  to  begin 
the  History  of  Virginia  which  he  meant  to  write,  he  borrowed  these  volumes  from 
the  council  office  to  collect  from  them  materials  for  his  work.  He  died  before  he 
had  made  any  progress  in  that  work,  and  they  remained  in  his  library,  probably 
unobserved,  during  the  whole  life  of  the  late  Peyton  Randolph,  his  son.  From  his 
executor,  1  purchased  his  library,  in  a  lump,  and  these  volumes  were  sent  to  me  as  a 
part  of  it.  I  found  the  leaves  so  rotten  as  often  to  crumble  into  dust  on  being 
handled;  1  bound  them,  therefore  together,  that  they  might  not  be  unnecessarily 
opened;  and  have  thus  preserved  them  forty-seven  years." 

oFrom  the  National  Intelligencer,  October  19,  1825.  ^Col.  R.  Bland  died  October  26,  1776. 


44  INTRODUCTION 

CONTEMPORARY    COPT   OF   THK    COURT   BOOK 

The  two  volumes  referred  to  by  Mr.  Jefferson  as  the  "proceedings  of  the 
Virginia  Company  in  England"  are  the  contemporary  copies  of  the  court  book 
which  were  secured  by  the  Hon.  William  Byrd,  of  Westover,  Virginia,  from  the 
estate  of  the  Earl  of  Southampton,  either  at  the  time  of  his  death  in  1667  or 
later.  Since  Mr.  Byrd  was  a  boy  of  15  living  in  London  in  1667,  it  ma}'  have 
been  when  the  Virginia  estates  were  left  him  in  1671,  or  even  in  1687  when  he 
made  a  visit  to  England,  that  he  made  the  purchase."  That  the  books  remained 
in  the  possession  of  the  descendants  of  Mr.  Byrd  for  a  century  is  proved  by 
the  fact  that  they  are  mentioned  in  a  manuscript  catalogue  of  the  library  of  the 
third  William  Byrd,  who  died  in  1777,*  but  these  two  volumes  were  not  in  the 
library  of  Colonel  Byrd,  when  it  was  sold  by  his  widow  in  Philadelphia  to  Isaac 
Zane.  Mr.  Jefferson's  statement  that  he  purchased  them  from  Colonel  Bland  may 
be  accepted,'^  but  it  would  be  difficult  to  prove  whether  he  is  equally  reliable  when 
he  states  that  the  volumes  had  been  loaned  to  Colonel  Bland  and  had  not  been 
returned  by  him  to  Colonel  Byrd,  or  whether  Mr.  Deane  is  correct  in  saying  that 
Colonel  Bland,  as  an  antiquary,  had  secured  them.  That  Stith  used  these  contempo- 
rary copies  of  the  court  book  in  his  History  of  Virginia  is  apparent  from  his 
description  of  them,  as  also  from  his  statement  that  they  had  been  communicated 
to  him  by  the  "late  worthy  president  of  our  council,  the  Hon.  W^illiam  Byrd,  esq."'' 

MANUSCRIPT   RECORDS   OF   THE   COMPANY,    VOLUME    III 

The  other  manuscript  volumes,  which  the  Library  of  Congress  acquired  from 
Mr.  Jefferson  and  which  are  included  imder  No.  122  of  the  Jefferson  catalogue, 
belong  to  the  early  seventeenth  century.  They  are  the  documents  which  Mr. 
Jefferson  referred  to  in  his  letter  to  Mr.  Taylor  as  having  come  from  the  library  of 
the  Hon.  Peyton  Randolph  in  such  a  fragile  condition,  and  which  in  a  letter  to 
Mr.  "Wythe,  of  January  16,  1795,  urging  the  necessity  of  publishing  the  laws  of 
Virginia,  he  describes  in  a  similar  way.^ 

a  William  Byrd  died  December  4,  1704.     See  Byrd,  History  of  the  Dividing  Line. 

b  "Catalogue  of  the  Books  in  the  Library  at  Westover  belonging  to  William  Byrd,  Esqr.,"  p.  437, 
in  77ie  Writings  of  Colonel  William  Byrd,  edited  by  J.  S.  Bassett. 

r-  For  a  description  of  these  volumes  and  the  circumstances  of  their  making,  see  the  discussion, 
pp.  78-84,  post. 

d  It  is  hardly  possible  that  Mr.  Jefferson's  statement  is  incorrect  and  that,  instead  of  having  been 
acquired  by  Col.  Richard  Bland  at  that  time,  they  passed  from  Stith  to  his  brother-in-law,  Peyton 
Randolph,  and  with  the  library  of  the  latter  to  Jefferson.  This  is  one  of  the  solutions  suggested  by 
Justin  Winsor.     See  Narrative  and  Crilical  Hiftory  of  the  United  States,  III,  158. 

<■  Hening,  Statutes  at  Large,  I,  p.  viii. 


THE  COLLECTIONS  OF  DOCDMENTf?,  1616-16Si  45 

That  these  are  the  papers  discussed  by  Stith  is  proved  by  comparing  them  with 
the  Hickman  (Bland)  transcripts.  In  his  preface,  Stith  confirms  the  de.scription 
by  Mr.  Jefferson,  but  he  apparently  destroys  the  latter's  theory  that  the  papers 
had  been  in  the  possession  of  Peyton  Randolph  since  the  death  of  Sir  John  Randolph 
in  1736.  Mr.  Stith  wrote  his  preface  in  1746,  and  suggests  that  they  were  at  that 
time  in  the  possession  of  the  House  of  Burgesses,  although  he  does  not  make  a 
positive  statement  to  that  effect.  His  assertions  are  worth  recording,  since  they 
carry  the  history  of  the  volumes  back  thirty  years  and  also  throw  light  on  the 
Hickman  transcripts. 

"I  must  chiefly  depend  upon  such  of  our  Records,  as  are  still  extant.  Many  of 
them  doubtless  perished  in  the  State-house  at  James-Town,  and  by  other  Accidents; 
and  those,  which  have  survived  the  Flames  and  Injuries  of  Time,  have  been  so  care- 
lesly  kept,  are  so  broken,  interrupted,  and  deficient,  have  been  so  mangled  by  Motha 
and  Worms,  and  lie  in  such  a  confused  and  jumbled  State  (at  least  the  most  ancient 
of  them)  being  huddled  together  in  single  Leaves  and  Sheets  in  Books  out  of  the 
Binding,  that  I  foresee,  it  will  cost  me  infinite  Pains  and  Labour,  to  reduce  and 
digest  them  in  any  tolerable  Order,  so  as  to  form  from  them  a  just  and  connected 
Narration.  And  some  of  them  have  been  lost,  even  since  Mr.  Hickman  was  Clerk  of 
the  Secretary's  Oflice.  For  I  cannot  find,  among  the  Papers  in  our  Oflices,  some  old 
Rolls,  to  which  he  refers.  I  have  therefore  been  obliged,  in  a  few  Points,  to  depend 
upon  the  Fidelity  of  that  Gentleman's  Extracts  out  of  our  oldest  Records,  made  for 
the  Use  of  Sir  John  Randolph.  But  these  things  were  so  far  from  discouraging  and 
rebuffing  me,  that  they  were  rather  an  additional  Spur  to  my  Industry.  For  I 
thought  it  highly  necessary,  before  they  were  entirely  lost  and  destroyed,  to  applv 
them  to  their  proper  Use,  the  forming  a  good  History.  But  as  the  House  of 
Burgesses  in  a  late  Session,  upon  my  shewing  their  moldering  and  dangerous  State 
to  some  of  the  Members,  have  justly  taken  them  into  their  Consideration,  and  have 
ordered  them  to  be  reviewed  and  fairly  transcribed,  I  doubt  not,  by  their  Assistance, 
and  with  the  Help  of  the  late  Sir  John  Randolph's  Papers,  and  such  others,  as  are  in 
the  Hands  of  private  Gentlemen  in  the  Country,  and  will  undoubtedly  be  readily 
communicated  to  further  so  noble  and  so  useful  a  Design,  to  be  able  to  collect  and 
compose  a  tolerably  regular  and  complete  History  of  our  Country."" 

Hence,  we  are  again  left  in  a  quandary.  The  papers  may  have  come  into  Peyton 
Randolph's  possession  through  the  arrangement  made  by  the  burgesses  for  their 
transcription;  but  no  transcript  made  directly  from  the  documents  as  late  as  1746 
is  known  to  us.  Whether  they  were  borrowed  from  the  pi'ovince  by  Mr.  Stith  or 
by  Peyton  Randolph,  his  brother-in-law,  or  by  some  other  historian  or  antiquarian 
is  not  yet  proved;  and  our  only  evidence  that  Jefferson  secured  them  from  Peyton 
Randolph's  executor  is  his  statement  made  twenty  years  after  the  date  of  the  purchase. 

"  Stith,  History  of  Virginia,  preface,  p.  viii. 


46  INTRODDCTIOy 

The  papers,  after  almost  a  century  in  the  Capitol,  were  in  a  still  more  deplorable 
condition  in  1901  than  that  described  by  Mr.  Stith,  but  the  loose  pages  have  now 
been  carefuUj*  and  skillfully  repaired.  The  order  of  contents  of  the  volumes  (while 
not  chronologicall}'  arranged)  may  be  known  from  the  abstracts  made  under  the 
direction  of  Hickman  about  1722.  This  agrees  with  an  arrangement  determined  by 
the  early  pagination,  the  subject-matter,  and  the  writing.  That  these  manuscripts 
are  original  records  or  contemporary  copies  is  evidenced  by  the  form  of  some  of  them, 
bj'  the  signatures  of  others,  and  by  the  autographs  of  the  secretaries  and  clerks  of 
the  period.  The  supposition  is  that  the}^  escaped  destruction  when  the  Province 
House  was  burned  in  Bacon's  rebellion  in  1678,  during  the  administration  of  Gooch 
in  1698,  and  again  during  the  Revolution,  only  to  be  lost  to  the  State  in  the  latter 
half  of  the  eighteenth  centurJ^ 

The  volume  designated  as  122,  A,  in  the  Jefferson  catalogue,  and  there  entitled 
"Letters,  proclamations  in  1622-23,  and  correspondence  1625,"  is  evidentlj-  the  one 
referred  to  by  page  in  the  Hickman  abstract  of  the  rolls  as  "the  other  side  of  No. 
A  -12."  "  This  abstract  is  a  quarto  bound  into  the  Miscellmnious  Records,  1606-1692, 
called  by  Hening  the  "Bland  copy."  In  pages  1  to  1-1  a  of  this  volume  are  eighteen 
letters  from  the  colony  to  the  King  or  to  the  company  between  1621  and  1625,  while 
pages  15  to  30  contain  nine  letters  from  the  company  to  the  colony  between  1621  and 
August  6, 1623.  The  first  group  are  holographs,  but  of  a  secretary'  or  clerk  not  yet 
identified.  The  second  are  doubtless  in  the  autograph  of  Edward  Sharpless.'  Both 
are  contemporary  copies  of  the  originals.*"  The  documents  classed  in  the  Jefferson 
catalogue  as  122  (42)  form  the  balance  of  this  volume  and  also  probably  include  the 
journal  of  the  council  and  assembly,  1626-1634.  The  latter  was  evidently  used  by 
Hening  in  compiling  his  statutes. 

Presuming  that  this  fragile  document,  which  is  the  only  one  concerning  the 
company  and  the  colony  while  controlled  by  the  company,  formed  one  volume,  its 
contents  was  as  follows: 

No.  A  42: 

1.  (a)  Miscellaneous  letters  from  the  Privy  Council  to  the  governor  and 
council  in  Virginia  in  1623,  pp.  1-3".     An  unknown  holograph. 

(b)  Declarations  of  the  condition  of  the  colony  and  answers  thereto  in 
1623/4,  pp.  S"-?".     An  unknown  holograph. 

"This  volume  of  correspondence  is  cited  in  the  List  of  Records  as  the  "Manuscript  Records  of  the 
Virginia  Company  of  London,  Vol.  Ill,  pt.  ii,"  thus  including  in  Vol.  Ill  all  of  this  miscellaneous 
manuscript  material  of  the  company. 

("Edward  Sharpless  had  been  a  clerk  of  the  secretary  of  the  colony,  Christopher  Davison,  and 
succeeded  him  upon  his  death  in  the  winter  of  1623/4.  He  remained  as  acting  secretary  until  his 
trial  on  May  20,  1624,  for  giving  copies  of  the  acts  of  the  assembly  to  the  commissioners  of  the  King; 
John  Sotheme  then  took  up  his  duties. 

«  See  Plates,  post,  Vol.  II  for  illustrations  of  these  holographs,  and  for  evidence  as  to  the  autographs. 


THE  COLLECTIONS  OF  DOCUMENTS,  ir,16-162f,  47 

2.  Fundamental   orders,   charters,  ordinances,  and   instructions    by   the 
company  in  London  and  hiws  of  the  assembly  in  Virginia,  pp.  8-21.     Parth' 
holographs  as  above." 
No.  A  42.   "The  other  side:'" 

1.  (a)  Letters  from  the  colony  to  the  King  or  to  the  company  between 
1621  and  1625.     An  unknown  holograph. 

{h)  Letters  from  the  company  to  the  colony  between  1621  and  August  6, 
1623.     Holographs  of  Edward  Sharpless. 

2.  Instructions,  commissions,  proclamations,  orders,  warrants,  and  letters 
of  the  governor  and  captain-general  of  Virginia  and  of  the  assembly,  pp.  36-53. 
Partly  the  holograph  of  P^dward  Sharpless  and  partly  perhaps  of  Christopher 
Davison,  the  secretary  of  the  colony  from  November,  1621,  until  his  death  in 
the  winter  of  1623/4.* 

4.  Petitions  to  the  governor  and  council  in  Virginia,  pp.  58-63.  Holo- 
graphs as  of  the  preceding. 

5.  A  miscellaneous  collection  of  letters  between  the  Privy  Council  and  the 
Commissioners  for  Virginia  on  the  one  hand  and  the  governor  and  council  in 
Virginia  on  the  other,  in  1625  6,  pp.  68-70;  a  letter  from  the  Virginia  Company 
of  London  in  1626,  p.  71,  and  a  census  of  1624,  pp.  71-75.  Unknown  holo- 
graphs similar  to  those  in  the  first  part  of  this  end  of  the  volume.'' 

The  first  part  of  the  volume  thus  opens  with  the  letters  of  the  Privy  Council 
to  the  colony  on  April  28,  1623,  when  the  King  first  began  the  action  looking  toward 
the  dissolution  of  the  company,  and  with  the  first  direct  correspondence  with  the 
officers  of  the  colony.  The  writing  and  the  dates  place  the  documents  as  consecutive 
through  the  entry  of  the  acts  of  the  assembly,  March  5,  1623  4,  when  the  assembly 
seems  to  have  ceased.  After  that  page,  copies  of  scattered  documents  appear  in  a 
different  writing,  commencing  on  the  back  of  the  last  assemblj'  record.  These  are 
largely  fundamental  or  constitutional,  including  the  instructions  of  November  20, 
1606,  the  charter  of  1606,  the  order  of  1607  enlarging  the  council,  and  the  oaths 
administered  to  officials  of  the  colony  of  the  same  period.  The  other  part  of  the 
volume  opens  with  the  correspondence  between  the  colony  and  the  home  government. 
After  a  hiatus  of  fifteen  pages  the  documents  of  the  governor  and  assembly  begin 
as  indicated  under  the  second  division  above.  The  writing  is  that  of  Edward  Sharp- 
less and  Christopher  Davison,  and  remains  the  same  throughout  the  petitions  of  the 
next  group.     The  last  group  of  miscellaneous  documents  agrees  in  subject  with  the 

"Thia  volume  is  cited  in  the  List  of  Records,  as  "MSS.  Records  of  the  Virginia  Company  of  Lon- 
don, VoL  III,  pt.  i." 

'I  Christopher  Davison  was  appointed  at  a  quarter  court,  June  23,  1621.  His  commission  was 
sealed  November  28,  1621. 

Incited  in  the  List  of  Records  as  "  MSS.  Records  of  the  Virginia  Company,  Vol.  Ill,  pt.  ii."' 
16466— VOL  1—06 4 


48  INTRODVCTION 

letters  of  the  first  part  and  in  autograph  with  the  first  section  of  those  letters.  On 
a  fly  leaf  among  the  loose  papers  is  inscribed  the  following:  "Records  of  W.  Clay- 
bourne  or  Claiborne.  /  p  Joseph  [Jokeg]  /  Tho  Farloue  &  '  Vpton  gent  /  Thos. 
Ba[u]rbag[e]  /  Clef  Cone"./  This  may  belong  to  the  records  of  the  period  after 
May  14,  1626,  when  William  Claj'bourne  was  appointed  secretary  of  the  colony  by 
Charles  I,  or  it  may  have  been  placed  in  an  earlier  volume,  or  it  may  indicate  that  a 
part  at  least  of  the  earlier  volume  was  transcribed  under  his  direction. 

Section  B  (9)  of  No.  122  in  the  Jefferson  catalogue,  cited  as  orders  from 
February,  1622,  to  November,  1627,  and  including  loose  pages  as  late  as  1634,  is  the 
only  octavo  manuscript  of  these  records  and  has  been  saved  from  its  almost  useless 
condition  by  repair.  That  this  is  the  original  blotter  of  the  court  book  of  the  gover- 
nor and  council  in  Virginia,  containing  the  original  record  of  suits  tried  before  that 
body  and  of  orders  issued  by  it,  is  proved  b}-  the  hasty  and  brief  entries,  giving  the 
volume  an  entirely  diflferent  character  from  those  of  the  carefully  elaborated  tran- 
scripts of  the  clerks.  The  records  of  twenty-three  courts  held  as  here  given  and  of 
the  cases  considered  during  the  era  of  the  authority  of  the  company,  consisting  of 
about  forty-five  pages  of  manuscript,  are  noted  in  the  list  of  the  records  of  the 
company,  but  are  not  printed  in  this  collection  since  they  may  be  included  more 
properly  in  a  publication  of  the  "Records  of  the  Colony." 

THE  TRANSCRIPTS  OF  THE  VIRGINIA  RECORDS 

RANDOLPH   COPT 

It  is  now  certain  that  at  least  two  copies  of  the  court  book  existed  at  the 
beginning  of  the  nineteenth  century,  since  the  so-called  John  Randolph  [of  Roanoke] 
copj'  has  recently  come  to  light."  It  bears  every  evidence  of  being  an  eighteenth 
century  transcript  made  from  the  contemporary  copy  now  in  the  Library  of  Congress; 
the  manuscript  is  of  the  century  following  that  of  the  contemporar}'  copy;  the 
order,  paragraphing,  form  of  iasertion  of  documents,  and  material  is  identical;  but 
the  omissions  and  errors  arise  from  illegibility  in  the  earlier  manuscript.  The 
other  differences  lie  in  occasional  carelessness  by  the  copyist  and  in  the  fact  that 
the  abbreviations  are  expanded  and  the  spelling  and  the  capitalization  are  modernized. 

The  caption  of  the  first  volume  of  this  eighteenth  century  copy  is  as  follows: 
"The  Ancient  Records  of  this  Colony  under  The  Treasurer  and  Company."  It 
opens  with  "A  Quarter  Court  held  for  Virginia  at  Sir  Thomas  Smith's  house  in 

oThe  three  volumes  are  in  the  collection  of  the  Virginia  Historical  Society  in  Richmond,  but  they 
are  so  closely  associated  with  the  Library  of  Congress  MSS.  that  they  are  discussed  here  rather  than 
under  the  MSS.  of  Richmond. 


TBE  COLLECTIONS  OF  DOCUMENTS,  1616-16Si  49 

Philpott  Lane,  28th  of  April  1619,"  and  ends  on  page  535  with  the  court  of  July  3, 
1622.  The  final  statement  is  as  follows:  "The  rest  of  the  Company's  Acts  are 
contained  in  a  Second  Volume."  Volume  II  begins  with  a  court  of  July  17,  1622, 
and  closes  on  page  491  with  the  proceedings  of  June  7,  1624.  It  bears  the  caption, 
"The  Records  of  the  Company  of  Virginia,  Vol.  2"."  Pages  492  to  502  include  a 
list  of  "The  names  of  the  Adventurers  for  Virginia,  as  they  were  in  the  Year  1620." 
On  the  inside  of  the  board  of  this  volume  is  written  the  name,  "Sam'l  Perkins  of 
Cawson."  There  is  a  third  volume  of  this  series  of  transcripts  which  is  described 
by  Mr.  Robinson  thus:  "The  other  volume  begins  with  the  first  charter  to  the 
proprietors  of  Carolina  dated  the  24th  of  March,  in  the  fifteenth  3-ear  of  Charles  II, 
(1663)  and  ends  page  543  with  report  of  the  petition  of  Philip  Laudwell  against  the 
Lord  Effingham  made  by  the  Lords  Committees  of  Trade  and  Plantations,  Dated  at 
the  Council  Chamber  26th  of  April  1689."  This  document  ends  on  page  530.  The 
volume  closes  on  page  544  with  "A  Memorial  for  obtaining  a  more  perfect  Rent 
Roll,  &  advancing  Her  Majesty's  Quit  Rents  in  Virginia".  On  the  first  cover  is  the 
date,  "Sep  19'"  1759." 

Mr.  Brown  thinks  that  these  copies  were  made  for  Colonel  Richard  Bland  from 
Colonel  Bj-rd's  volumes  and  passed  to  Theodorick  Bland  of  the  family  of  Cawson, 
the  grandfather  of  John  Randolph  of  Roanoke,  to  whom  they  finally  came.  He 
adds  that  the  B3'rd  volumes  went  to  Mr.  Jefferson  with  the  Bland  collection,  which 
he  bought  about  1776,  instead  of  the  copies  therefrom."  Mr.  Jameson  suggests  that 
John  Randolph  of  Roanoke  may  have  inherited  these  transcripts  from  his  great 
uncle,  Sir  John  Randolph.  In  this  case  also  they  would  have  been  made  from  Mr. 
Byrd's  volumes,  and  perhaps  should  have  gone  to  Mr.  Jefferson  with  the  Peyton 
Randolph  library,  but  this  would  not  account  for  the  name  "Cawson"  in  the 
second  volume.  Furthermore,  according  to  Mr.  Stanard,  John  Randolph  of 
Roanoke  was  not  an  heir  to  Sir  John  Randolph,  and  the  families  were  not  even 
on  friendly  terms.  Mr.  Brown's  supposition  seems  the  more  plausible,  since 
Theodorick  Bland,  jr.,  of  Cawson  may  have  received  the  volumes  from  the  son 
of  Richard  Bland  by  gift  or  purchase,  though  not  by  inheritance,  and,  as  Theo- 
dorick Bland,  jr.,  died  without  heirs  in  1790,  the  books  may  have  become  the 
property  of  his  sister's  son,  John  Randolph  of  Roanoke. 

The  location  of  these  volumes  since  the  time  of  the  death  of  John  Randolph 
of  Roancke  is  known.     According  to  Mr.  Brown,  John  Randolph''  in  a  codicil  to 

"See  an  account  of  "Two  manuscript  volumes  now  in  the  Library  of  Congress,  at  Washington, 
D.  C,"  in  The  Magazine  of  American  History,  New  York,  Vol.  29,  April,  1893. 

6 Not  to  be  confused  with  Sir  John  Randolph,  father  of  the  Pej-ton  Randolph  whose  library 
Jefferson  says  he  purchased  in  1778. 


50  INTRODUCTION 

his  will  in  1826  left  hi«  library  to  the  master  and  fellows  of  Trinity  College, 
Cambridge,  but  in  1831  so  altered  the  will  as  to  bequeath  it  to  his  niece,  E.  T. 
Bryan.  Certain  it  is,  however,  that  for  ten  years  after  his  death  on  May  4,  1833,  the 
volumes  remained  in  his  library  in  Roanoke,  for  Hon.  Hugh  Blair  Grigsby  examined 
them  at  that  place  on  January  11,  1843.  The  librarj-  was  sold  in  1845,  but  it  is 
evident  from  the  statement  of  Judge  William  Leigh,  the  executor  of  the  estate, 
that  tlie  Randolph  copy  of  the  court  book  remained  in  his  hands. 

The  later  history  of  this  copy  is  told  by  Mr.  Leigh  Robinson,  of  Washington, 
D.  C,  as  follows: 

"A  complete  transcript  of  the  Records  of  the  Virginia  Company  had  been  in  the 
possession  of  John  Randolph  of  Roanoke,  and  by  Mr.  Randolph's  executor,  Judge 
William  Leigh,  was  placed  in  the  hands  of  m}-  father,  shortly  after  the  termination 
of  the  war  between  the  States.  The  Virginia  Historical  Societ}-,  having  then  no 
shelter  of  safety  for  such  a  work,  my  father  placed  it  in  the  Vaults  of  one  of  the 
banks  of  Richmond,  with  a  view  to  transferring  it  to  the  Society,  as  soon  as  it 
could  be  done  with  Safety.  His  death  occurred  before  (in  his  opinion)  this  could  be 
done.  After  his  death,  his  familj'  transferred  to  the  Societj-  the  copj^  made  bj-  him- 
self. It  was  some  time  before  they  were  able  to  discover  the  place  of  deposit  of  the 
Randolph  Copy.  But  they  finally  recovered  it,  and  transferred  this  also  to  the  Vir- 
ginia Historical  Society,  where  it  now  is."" 

Mr.  Conway  Robinson,  the  father  of  Mr.  Leigh  Robinson,  prepared  for  the  press 
two  volumes  of  abstT-acts  from  the  court  book,  which  were  edited  later  by  R.  A. 
Brock  for  the  Virginia  Historical  Society  and  entitled  Virginia  (Jomjxiny,  1619-1621^. 
Robinson  states  that  in  the  preparation  of  the  volumes  he  had  many  transcripts  made 
through  Mr.  Mehan  from  the  copy  in  the  Library  of  Congress,  and  also  from  the 
Randolph  volumes  which  Judge  Leigh  had  loaned  to  him.* 

The  third  volume  of  this  Randolph  series,  which  is  cited  both  b}^  Burk  and 
by  Hening''  as  "Ancient  Records,  Volume  IH,"  was  copied  from  the  transcript 
attested  by  R.  Hickman.  This  volume  of  Miscellaneous  Records,  1606-1692,  is  the 
only  volume  which  contains  the  substance  found  in  the  Randolph  copy,  and  is  of 

"See  a  luanusi-ript  letter  to  Mr.  Worthiiigton  C.  Ford,  Chief  of  the  Division  of  Manuscripts  in  the 
Library  of  Congress,  December  15,  1902.  These  volumes,  and  the  third  described  by  Mr.  Robinson's 
father  are  now  in  the  Virginia  Historical  Society  collection  in  Richmond. 

^  A  letter  of  Mr.  Robinson  to  Jlr.  Deane,  July  1 ,  1868.  For  the  use  of  this  letter,  as  also  one  from 
Mr.  Deane  to  Mr.  Robinson  of  .July  6, 1868,  the  Editor  is  indebted  to  Mr.  J.  Franklin  Jameson,  professor 
of  history  in  Chicago  University.  In  a  memorandum  Mr.  Deane  states  that  he  inspected  these  volumes 
in  April,  1872,  at  which  time  they  were  at  the  house  of  Mr.  S.  A.  Myers,  the  law  partner  of  Mr.  Con- 
way Robinson. 

t'For  the  extracts  from  the  "Ancient  Records,"  Vol.  Ill,  so  called,  by  Hening,  see  Statutes  at 
targe,  I,  76-113  (collated  readings  given),  113-120,  145,146,  209,  223. 


THE  COLLECTIOyfi  OF  DOCVMESTS,  161G-1G21,  51 

an  earlier  date,  and,  like  the  original  rolls,  is  leas  chronological  in  arrangement. 
That  the  Randolph  copy  was  not  made  from  the  original  records  is  evidenced  by 
the  fact  that  the  abstracts  are  identical  with  those  of  the  Hickman  or  "Bland"  copy. 
That  both  Hening  and  Burk  used  the  Randolph  copies  of  the  court  book  and 
also  the  third  volume  of  that  series  is  proved  by  their  descriptions  of  the  volumes, 
while  the  page  references  to  "Ancient  Records"  cited  by  Hening  coincide  in  each 
case  with  these  three  volumes.  Mr.  Hening  speaks  of  three  large  folio  volumes  not 
in  the  orthography  of  the  age  of  the  events,  and  compiled  without  nmch  regard  to 
method  for  the  purpose  of  forming  material  for  a  history  of  Virginia,  and  states 
that  the  first  two  volumes  are  minutes  of  the  proceedings  of  the  London  Companj-, 
and  the  third  an  epitome  of  the  legislative  and  judicial  acts  of  authorities  in  Vir- 
ginia, so  far  as  then  extant,  which  were  regularh*  transmitted  to  England.  These, 
he  continues,  were  used  by  John  Burk,  who  got  them  from  .John  Randolph,  and 
also  by  Skelton  Jones,  1809,  to  complete  Burk's  History  of  Virginia."  Mr.  Burk 
himself  declares  that  there  are  two  large  volumes,  instead  of  three,  a.s  stated  by 
Hening,  "containing  the  minutes  of  the  London  Company  together  with  the  pro- 
ceedings of  the  Virginia  Councils  and  Assembly,  with  little  interruption  to  the 
middle  of  the  reign  of  George  H."' 

JEFFERSON    TRANSCRIPTS 

The  three  volumes  containing  transcripts  of  the  Virginia  Records  which  came 
from  the  Jefferson  Library  in  1815  are  unique,  containing  copies  of  records  since 
destroyed.  Two  of  them  are  attested  by  R.  Hickman,  the  deputy  clerk  of  the 
general  court  in  1722,  and  the  third  is  the  only  seventeenth  centurj-  transcript  in 
our  possession.  Unlike  the  Randolph  copies,  the  two  large  volumes  include  copies 
of  records  since  destroyed. 

Of  this  group  the  "First  laws  made  by  the  assembly  in  Va.  Anno  1623" 
bears  on  the  back  of  the  last  page  the  following  indorsement  in  ^Ir.  Jefferson's 
hand:  "This  was  found  among  the  manuscript  papers  of  S''  John  Randolph  and  by 
the  Honble.  Peyton  liandolph,  esq.  his  son  was  given  to  Tho'.  Jefferson,"  and  is 
attested  as  follows:  "Copia  Test  R.  Hickman  D  C  G  C."  This  early  eighteenth 
century  transcript  was  made  by  the  same  copyist  as  were  the  ISliscellaneous  Record.-, 
1606-1692,  and  is  the  volume  used  by  Hening  and  referred  to  in  his  first  volume, 
pages  121-129.  It  must  also  be  the  subject  of  a  letter  from  Thomas  Jefferson  to 
Hening,  April  8,  1815,  in  which  he  states  that  the  manuscript  marked  "A"  contains 
laws  of  1623-24,  thirty -five  acts,  which  was  given  him  by  Peyton  Rjindolph  from 
the   materials  used   by  Sir   John    Randolph,  and  which  Mr.  Jefferson  declares  to 

oHening,  Statutes  at  Large,  I,  70  n.  (a).         ''Burk,  Histurt/  of  Viiyinia,  I,  ih.  V;   II.  7,  42.  67. 


52  INTRODUCTION 

be  the  "Only  copy  extant  of  those  laws  1""  In  1803  Mr.  Jefferson  had  declined  to 
lend  to  Mr.  John  D.  Burk  some  of  the  printed  laws  of  Virginia  in  his  possession, 
since  they  were  unique  and  could  not  be  replaced.*  The  internal  evidence  points  to 
the  fact  that  Hening  also  used  the  other  volumes  of  this  set,  a  fact  corroborated 
b}'  the  following  statement  of  Mr.  Jefferson  in  a  letter  to  Mr.  George  Watterson, 
May  7,  1815:  "I  gave  to  Mr.  Milligan  a  note  of  those  folio  volumes  of  the  Laws  of 
Virginia  belonging  to  the  Library  which  being  in  known  hands,  will  be  recovered. 
One  is  a  MS.  volume  from  which  a  printed  copy  is  now  preparing  for  publica- 
tion.""^ Mr.  Hening  was  doubtless  using  them  in  the  preparation  of  his  later 
volumes.  Certain  it  is  that  these  documents  form  the  basis  for  a  part  of  his  first 
volume,  in  which  he  cites  the  Jaurnal  of  the  Council  and  Assembly,  1626-1634-,  as 
belonging  to  Thomas  Jefferson,  and  as  having  been  "purchased  by  him  with  the 
librai'y  of  Peyton  Randolph,  from  his  executors."  The  third,  the  Miscellatieous 
RecoroU,  1606-1692,  he  states  was  bought  by  Mr.  Jefferson  "from  the  executor  of 
Richard  Bland,  dec'd."<« 

The  seventeenth  century  volume,  entitled  Instructions,  Commidons  lettei'S  oj 
Admice  and  admonitions  and  PiMique  Speeches,  Proclamations  dec:  Collected, 
transci'ihed  and  diligently  exaviinedliy  the  Originall  Records,  7imo  extant,  belonging 
to  the  Assemhlie,  is  a  vellum-covered  book,  with  an  embossed  figure  on  the  back 
cover,  and  with  the  following:  "  E ;  1621  /  Publiq,  Letters  '  and  Orders."  On  the 
outside  of  the  front  cover  upside  down  is:  "E  /  John  Bland  /  Richard  Blan  [d]  / 
Alexander  Morrison,"  /  while  on  the  half  that  remains  of  the  first  fly  leaf  is  the 
name  "Nelson."  On  the  fly  leaf  in  the  book  in  pencil  is  the  statement:  "date  of 
MSS  1650-1695;"  and  on  the  front  cover  similarly  is:  "  17"  Century  copie  Bland." 
This  presence  of  Richard  Bland's  name  in  the  book  shows  that  Mr.  Jefferson  secured 
it  with  the  Bland  Library.  The  writing  of  the  volume  is  similar  to  the  early  seven- 
teenth century  system  in  many  of  the  abbreviations,  the  use  of  the  double y,  and  the 
formation  of  some  of  the  letters.  Evidently  this  is  a  collection  of  correspondence 
of  the  colony,  transcribed  from  the  court  books  and  from  the  miscellaneous  papers 
of  the  three  volumes  of  the  manuscript  records  of  the  company.*' 

The  second  volume  of  documents  from  1606  to  1692  is  in  an  eighteenth  century 
hand,  many  of  the  documents  bearing  the  attestation  of  R.  Hickman.     The  binding 

"Jefferson  Letters,  in  the  Library  of  Congress.  This  is  an  error,  since  a  contemporary  copy  has 
been  found  among  the  "fragile  papers"  in  Jefferson's  own  possession  at  the  time. 

^Thomas  Jefferson  to  John  D.  Burk,  Monticello,  February  21,  1803. 

""W.  D.  Johnston,  History  of  the  Library  of  Congress,  I,  178. 

ii  Hening,  Statutes  at  Ixtrge,  I,  147,  152,  224.  The  first  four  volumes  of  this  work  were  published 
in  1809.  By  an  act  of  the  assembly  in  1819  the  work  was  completed.  In  1823  the  first  four  yolumea 
were  reprinted. 

«For  the  contents  of  this  volume  as  late  as  1624  see  the  List  of  Records. 


THE  COLLECTIONS  OF  DOCUMENTS,  1616-1624  53 

is  in  calf  and  bears  on  the  back  the  red  label,  "Vir/.  Records."  Bound  into  the 
back  of  this  volume  is  a  small  quarto  of  twenty-five  pages,  containing  outlines  of 
documents  in  the  Manuscript  Records  of  the  Companj^  which  serves  to  identify  the 
loose  pages  of  the  original  records  as  Roll  A.  42,  and  an  abstract  of  Captain  Argall's 
register  during  his  government."  The  documents  in  the  folio  volume  are  charters, 
instructions,  commissions,  letters  from  the  Privy  Council,  and  other  documents 
emanating  from  the  Crown,  together  with  one  or  two  from  the  company  and  from 
the  council  in  Virginia.*  That  this  volume  is  the  one  used  by  Hening  in  his  Statutes 
and  referred  to  as  the  "Bland  copy""^  is  indicated  by  the  contents  as  well  as  by  the 
fact  that  it  includes  the  quarto  volume.  His  reason  for  citing  it  as  the  "  Bland  copv" 
can  only  be  surmised,  namely,  that  he  had  Mr.  Jefferson's  statement  that  it  had  been 
secured  with  the  Bland  library,  an  erroneous  designation  as  is  proved  by  Stith's 
statement  in  his  preface,  that  R.  Hickman  made  a  copy  of  the  Records  for  Sir  John 
Randolph."^  But  the  volume  has  been  known  for  the  past  century  as  the  "Bland 
copy,"  although  its  title  as  a  "Hickman"  or  a  "Randolph"  volume  would  be  more 
appropriate. 

The  conclusions  which  have  been  formed  with  regard  to  these  original  and 
contemporary  manuscripts  and  the  later  transcripts  disclose  little  concerning  the 
circumstances  under  which  they  were  made,  or  the  original  owners  of  the  volumes. 
But  the  important  facts  to  discover,  in  order  to  determine  their  authenticitv,  are 
the  period  of  the  transcript  and  the  documents  from  which  the  copies  were  made, 
and  these  facts  in  each  case  have  been  ascertained.* 

"The  documents  there  referred  to  by  page  are  noted  in  the  "List  of  Records."     The  original 
register  of  Captain  Argall  has  not  been  found. 

t>  For  the  contents  of  this  volume  see  the  List  of  Records. 

c  Hening,  fitatutes,  I,  223,  224-238. 

<*  Stith,  History  of  Virginia,  Preface,  which  is  dated  December  10,  1746. 

«For  published  statements  and  discussions  of  the  history  and  identity  of  the  volumes  in  the 
Library  of  Congress  which   concern   tlie  Virginia  Company,  as  also  of  the   Randolph   copy,  see: 

Robert  C.  Howison,  History  of  Virginia,  I,  212  (footnote).     1843. 

Fordyce  M.  Hubbard,  Life  of  Sir  Francis  Wyatt  in  Belknap's  American  Biography  (footnote).     1843. 

Hugh  Blair  Grigsby  in  the  Southern  Literary  Messenger,  February,  1854. 

J[ohn]  W[ingate]  T[hornton],  in  the  Hintorical  Magazine,  February,  1858. 

Charles  Campbell,  History  of  Virginia,  p.  174.     1860. 

William  Green,  in  the  Southern  Literary  Messenger,  September,  1863. 

Justin  Winsor,  Narrative  and  Critical  History  of  America,  III,  158.     1885. 

E.  D.  Neill,  Virginia  Company  of  London.     1889. 

J.  Franklin  Jameson,  "The  Records  of  the  Virginia  Company."  An  address  delivered  before 
the  Rhode  Island  Historical  Society,  November  27,  1888.  (The  manuscript  used  by  the  Editor.) 
Reviewed  in  the  Magazine  of  American  History  trith  Notes  and  Queries,  Vol.  XXI,  January-June  1889 
p.  82. 

Alexander  Brown,  in  the  Magazine  of  American  History,  April,  1893. 

Lyon  G.  Tyler,  in  the  Report  of  the  American  Historical  Association,  1901,  I,  545-550. 


54  INTRODUCTION 

The  Library  of  Congress  has  recently  acquired  a  large  number  of  transcripts 
of  those  manuscripts  now  in  the  libraries  of  Great  Britain  pertaining  to  the  Virginia 
Company  or  to  the  colony  under  the  authority  of  the  company.  It  thus  possesses 
reproductions  of  all  of  the  Virginia  material  in  the  British  Museum,  the  Privy  Council 
office,  the  Bodleian  Librar}%  and  the  Magdalene  College  Library,  Cambridge.  In  the 
Public  Record  Ofhce  all  docquet  notices  on  Virginia,  all  records  of  suits  in  chancery 
and  the  admiralty  pertaining  to  Virginia,  and  the  qiio  vjai^anto  in  the  King's  Bench, 
by  which  the  company  was  dissolved,  as  well  as  the  most  important  documents  and 
correspondence,  have  been  transcribed  or  photographed  for  the  Library  of  Congress, 
but  the  correspondence  of  the  planters,  the  less  important  correspondence  of  the 
company,  and  mere  memoranda  are  yet  to  be  transcribed.  The  latter  material  is 
fairly  outlined  in  the  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial  Series,  1574  to  1660,  and  in 
the  Appendi.x  of  the  eighth  report  of  the  Royal  Commission  on  Historical  Ma7iuscnpts, 
or  is  printed  elsewhere  in  full." 

The  collection  of  publications  by  the  companj'  belonging  to  the  Library  of 
Congress  is  fairly  good.  It  contains  twelve  of  those  which  were  issued  before  1616, 
but  of  the  later  books  it  has  only  three.  The  Declaration  of  1620,  the  Declaration 
by  Waterhouse  in  1622,  and  John  Donne's  Sermon  of  the  same  year,  in  addition  to 
Smith's  General  History,  are  the  only  ones  of  the  eighteen  now  extant  which  are  in 
the  Library. 

DOCUMENTS  IN  RICHMOND 

The  colonial  records  in  Richmond,  Virginia,  relating  to  the  period  of  the 
company  are  extremely  few  in  number.  Fortunately^  the  original  documents, 
which  are  in  the  Library  of  Congress,  were  borrowed  or  abstracted  from  the 
state  house  in  time  to  save  them  from  destruction  during  the  Revolution  or  by 
tire  in  1865.'  There  are,  however,  two  volumes  of  original  records  in  the  Virginia 
State  land  office  containing  grants  of  land  in  1623  and  1624,  which  were  evidently 
entered  by  William  Cla}' bourne,  at  that  time  surveyor  for  the  colony.  The  his- 
tory of  contemporary  documents  before  1625,  which  are  located  in  the  district 
of  the  old  settlement,  may  thus  be  briefly  told. 

The  valuable  collections  of  the  Virginia  Historical  Society  in  Richmond 
embrace  the  John  Randolph  of  Roanoke  transcripts  described  above,  while  the 
State  librar}'  has  three  sets  of  transcripts  and  one  set  of  abstracts  from  the  British 
Public  Record  Office.     Of  the  latter  the  De  Jarnette  papers,  1606-1691,  include  only 

a  All  of  these  papers  are  included  in  the  Liat  of  Recorda. 

''William  G.  Stanard,  "The  Virginia  Archives"  in  the  Report  of  the  A7)ierican  Historical  Associa- 
tion, 190S,  I,  645-664. 


THE  COLLECTIONS  OF  DOCUMENTS,  1616-1624  55 

a  few  of  the  documents  of  interest;  in  the  Macdonald  and  Winder  papers  are  full  and 
careful  copies  of  several  of  the  long  and  important  documents,  following  generally 
the  orthography  of  the  originals;  while  the  Sainsbury  abstracts  contain  comparatively 
full  outlines  of  those  documents  included  in  the  Calendar  of  Stutt  Papers,  Colonial 
Series. 

MANUSCRIPTS  IN  THE  NEW  YORK  PUBLIC  LIBRARY 

The  New  York  Public  Library  is  next  in  importance  to  the  Library  of  Congress 
in  manuscript  material  on  the  Virginia  Company  and  second  only  to  the  John  Carter 
Brown  Library  of  Providence,  Rhode  Island,  in  publications.  In  the  Lenox  branch 
of  the  New  Yorli  Library  is  to  be  found  a  unique  set  of  documents  relating  to  the 
settlement  of  Berkeley  Hundred  in  ltil9,  known  as  the  Smyth  of  Niblev  papers 
which  "are  from  the  collection  of  Virginia  manuscripts  originalh'  brought  together 
by  John  Smyth  (or  Smith)  of  Nibley,  the  historian  of  the  Berkeleys,  who  was  born 
in  1567  and  died  in  1641.  The  collection  comprises  over  sixty  papers,  original  and 
contemporary  transcripts,  relating  to  the  settlement  of  Virginia  between  1613  and 
163-1:.  After  passing  into  the  hands  of  John  Smyth  the  younger,  and  more  recently 
into  the  Cholmondeley  collection  at  Condover  Hall,  Shropshire,  the  manuscripts 
were  offered  for  sale  in  January,  1888,  by  Mr.  Bernard  Quaritch,  from  whom 
they  were  lately  bought  and  given  to  the  New  York  Public  Library  by  Mr.  Alex- 
ander Maitland.""  With  the  exception  of  the  manuscripts  in  the  Ferrar  collection 
relating  to  Smythe's  Hundred,  these  form  the  only  extant  records  of  the  important 
movement  for  private  plantations  in  Virginia  under  the  regime  of  the  company. 
Two  other  valuable  documents  are  now  in  the  possession  of  the  Lenox  Library,*  the 
holographic  letter  of  John  Pory,  secretary  of  the  colony,  dated  September  30,  1619, 
and  Commissioner  John  Harvey's  declaration  of  the  State  of  Virginia  in  1624. 

COLLECTIONS  OF  AMERICANA 

The  manuscripts  in  the  Library  of  Congress,  the  Smyth  of  Nibley  papers  in  the 
New  York  Public  Library,  and  the  patent  books  in  Virginia  are  the  only  original 
records  of  the  company  or  of  the  colony  previous  to  1625  now  in  America.  But 
there  are  two  public  collections  of  Americana  which  are  extremely  valuable  for  this 
period:  The  John  Carter  Brown  Library  in  Providence.  Rhode  Island,  which 
contains  only  books  on  America  published  before  the  year  1800,  and  the  New  York 
Public  Library. 

"Quoted  from  the  New  York  Public  Library  Bulletin  (1897),  I,  68,  and  (1899),  III,  160. 
6  List  of  Records,  Nos.  133  and  640. 


56  INTRODUCTION 

In  the  John  Carter  Brown  Library  are  two  royal  proclamations,  which  are  the 
only  documents  of  the  character  for  the  period  in  America;  while  a  declaration  of  a 
division  of  land  in  1616,  which  is  a  supplementary  pamphlet  in  the  Declaration  by 
the  Company  of  June  22,  1620,  has  no  duplicate  in  existence,  although  there  is  an 
imperfect  copy  of  the  latter  in  the  British  Museum.  The  copj'  of  the  1620  declara- 
tion in  the  Lenox  Library  is  also  unique,  since  it  contains  a  different  supplementary 
pamphlet  of  which  there  is  but  one  other  to  be  found,  neither  of  which  has  hereto- 
fore been  noted.  "^  It  is  a  declaration  of  November  15, 1620,  concerning  the  dispatch 
of  supplies,  and  proves  by  its  date  that  this  is  a  later  edition  of  the  declaration  of 
June  22.  The  John  Carter  Brown  Library  also  contains  a  unique  treatise  by  John 
Brinsley,  bearing  the  date  1622,  the  only  other  copy  of  which  is  in  the  Lenox 
Library.  It  has  also  two  sermons,  one  by  Patrick  Copland,  entitled  Virginia^  Qod 
he  Thanked,''  with  duplicates  in  the  possession  of  Edward  E.  Ayer,  and  of  the 
Pequot  Library,  Southport,  Connecticut,  and  one  by  John  Donne,  of  which  there 
are  copies  in  the  Lenox,  the  Aj'er,  and  the  Congressional  libraries.  In  addition 
to  these  rare  books,  the  Declaration  of  Edward  Waterhouse  of  1622,  containing 
"The  Inconveniences  that  have  happened,  1622,"  and  Observations  to  be  followed  for 
making  of  fit  roomes  for  silk  worms,  1620,  including  "A  valuation  of  the  commodi- 
ties growing  and  to  be  had  in  Virginia;  rated  as  they  are  worth,"  are  to  be  found  in 
the  Providence  collection,  while  the  latter  is  also  in  the  Harvard  and  the  Lenox 
libraries.'^  In  the  same  year  a  Treatise  on  the  art  of  making  silk  was  published  by 
John  Banoeil,  containing  a  royal  letter  of  encouragement  to  the  Earl  of  Southampton, 
now  to  be  found  both  in  the  Brown  and  the  Lenox  libraries. 

The  New  York  Public  Library  is  second  only  in  value  to  the  John  Carter 
Brown  Library  for  this  subject.  In  addition  to  the  books  noted  above  it  contains 
two  unique  publications  of  the  compan}',  the  first  is  a  broadside  of  May  17,  1620, 
which  is  the  only  cop}'  known  to  the  Editor.     A  catalogue  of  Bernard  Quaritch,  in 

n  The  other  copy  is  in  a  private  collection  in  New  York.  This  library  has  also  the  first  editions  of 
the  declaration  of  1620;  the  treati.'ie  by  Banoeil,  reprinted  in  1622,  containing  the  letters  of  the  King 
and  of  the  council;  Patrick  Copland's  Virginia's  God  be  Thanked,  and  his  Declaration  hoiv  the  monies 
were  disposed,  published  in  1622;  Edward  Waterhouse's  Declaration  of  tlie  State  of  the  Colony,  1622;  John 
Donne's  Sermon,  1622. 

b  There  is  a  manuscript  copy  of  this  sermon  in  the  Library  of  Congress. 

<:"The  Inconveniences"  was  published  separately  as  a  broadside,  and  copies  are  to  be  found  in 
the  Lenox  Library  and  in  the  collections  of  the  Society  of  Antiquaries,  London.  A  copy  was  in  the 
Cholmondeley  collection,  which  is  probably  the  one  mentioned  in  the  Quaritch  catalogue  of  May, 
1887.  This,  as  also  a  copy  of  the  Observations,  was  sold  to  Mr.  Kalbfleisch.  The  supposition 
that  it  was  originally  published  as  a  part  of  the  Declaration  of  Edward  Waterhouse  does  not  seem 
valid,  since  the  John  Carter  Brown  copy  is  the  only  one  containing  the  broadside,  and  the  page 
in  that  case  has  endently  been  trimmed  and  inserted. 


THE  COLLECTIONS  OF  DOCUMENTS,  1616-1621,  67 

May,  1887,  describes  such  a  broadside,  which  is  known  to  have  been  purchased  by 
Mr.  Kalbfleisch.  The  second  is  A  Note  of  the  Shipping,  etc.,  sent  to  Virginia  in 
1621.  The  Cholmondeley  copy  of  this  also  was  sold  by  Mr.  Quaritch  to  Mr. 
Kalbfleisch."  A  third  copy  of  the  same  is  iu  the  collection  of  printed  broadsides 
of  the  Society  of  Antiquaries  in  London. 

The  volumes  of  printed  material  relating  to  the  Virginia  Companj',  which  are  in 
the  Harvard  Library,  have  been  mentioned  above. 

Two  private  collections  deserve  mention  for  their  comparatively  large  number 
of  important  publications  of  the  company,  the  private  collection  in  New  York 
and  that  of  Mr.  Edward  Ayer,  in  Chicago,  Illinois.*  In  addition  to  twenty  other 
rare  publications  of  the  company  Mr.  Ayer  has  a  unique  book  entitled  "Greevovs 
Grones  for  the  Poore,"  162L  It  refers  to  the  Virginia  Company  in  its  address 
only,  and  in  the  statement  of  the  number  of  poor  that  had  been  sent  to  Virginia, 
but  is  of  value  for  an  understanding  of  that  movement.  The  other  private 
collection  is  of  about  the  same  size.  It  contains  the  duplicate  of  the  1620 
declaration  in  the  Lenox  and  the  only  known  copy  of  a  four-page  tract  entitled 
"Declaration  how  the  monies  were  disposed  (being)  collections  for  the  Grammar 
Schooles,"  by  Patrick  Copland.'' 

«In  the  catalogue  of  Bernard  Quaritch  for  May,  1887,  the  broadside  of  May  17,  1620,  and  the 
Note  of  the  Shipping,  1621,  are  both  noted  as  being  unique  since  each  contains  the  final  clause:  "  Who- 
soever transports  himself  or  any  other  at  his  own  charge  unto  Virginia,  shall  for  each  person  so  trans- 
ported before  mid-summer,  1625,  have  to  him  and  his  heirs  forever  50  acres  of  land  upon  a  first 
and  50  acres  upon  a  second  division."  A  copy  of  the  Note  of  the  Shipping,  1621,  in  the  Cholmondeley 
collection  is  similarly  described  in  the  fifth  report  of  the  Historical  Manuscripts  Commission,  page 
341.  The  Quaritch  copies  were  sold  to  Mr.  Kalbfleisch,  whose  collection  went  to  Mr.  Lefferts,  and 
finally  through  the  dealers,  Geo.  H.  Richmond  or  Dodd,  Mead  &  Co.,  either  to  a  private  collection  or 
to  the  Lenox  Library.  But  the  Lenox  copies  either  do  not  correspond  to  these  descriptions  or  were 
not  purchased  from  Mr.  Lefferts.  The  volumes  of  the  Lefferts  collection,  which  were  not  sold  in 
America,  were  sent  to  Sotheby,  England,  but  Mr.  Eames  of  the  New  York  Public  Library  states  that 
no  early  Virginia  material  was  allowed  to  return  to  England. 

6  The  collection  of  Americana  belonging  to  Mr.  Ayer  is  open  to  the  public  through  the 
Newberry  Library.  For  the  early  Virginia  material  of  the  library  see  Inde.x  under  "Ayer, 
Edward." 

"This  tract  is  described  in  the  Appendix  of  the  Fifth  Report  of  the  Historical  Manuscripta 
Commission,  as  follows:  "A  Declaration  how  the  monies,  viz.,  70",  8s.  6d.,  were  disposed,  which 
was  gathered  (by  Mr.  Patrick  Copland,  preacher  in  the  Royal  James)  at  the  Cape  of  Good  Hope 
(toward  the  building  of  a  free  schoole  in  Virginia)  of  the  gentlemen  and  mariners  in  the  said 
ship;  a  list  of  whose  names  are  under  specified,  &c.     4"  7  pp.     Imprinted  at  London  by  F.  K.  1622." 


58  IXTRODVCTION 

TRANSCRIPTS  IN  THE  NEW  YORK  PUBLIC  LIBRARY 

Other  attempts  have  been  made  to  secure  resources  for  reseai'ch  in  America. 
Not  only  is  there  the  aggregation  of  excerpts  from  the  English  documents  in 
Richmond,  as  described  above,  and  the  acquisition  of  transcripts  in  the  Librarj' 
of  Congress  within  recent  years,  but  half  a  century  ago  a  similar  interest  was 
displa^'ed  by  collectors  and  historians  in  New  York  City,  forming  three  collec- 
tions which  are  to-day  in  the  Lenox  Library. 

William  H.  Aspinwall,  a  merchant,  secured  among  other  papers  the  Chalmers 
collection  of  letters  and  documents  relating  t(j  Virginia  from  1606  to  1775.  The}' 
were  in  turn  sold  to  Samuel  Latham  Mitchell  Barlow,  a  lawyer  and  notable 
collector  of  New  York  City,  from  whom  a  part  were  purchased  by  the  librar}", 
while  others  came  to  the  Lenox  with  the  Bancroft  transcripts  in  1893.  Chalmers 
had  been  a  clerk  in  the  State  paper  office  and  seems  to  have  taken  these 
extracts,  outlines,  and  sometimes  full  copies  from  the  Plantation  office  papers, 
since  he  continually  refers  to  them  in  his  PoUtical  Annah."  They  are  modern- 
ized transcripts,  failing  to  follow  the  early  orthography,  abbreviations,  and 
capitalization.  The  writing  is  cramped  and  often  almost  illegible,  while  the 
table  of  contents  is  incomplete  and  useless.  They  comprise  (1)  a  series  of  brief 
outlines  of  Privy  Council  orders;  (2)  extracts  from  the  Dudlej'-Carleton  papers: 
(3)  outlines  of  additional  Council  orders;  (-1)  a  calendar  of  certain  of  the  colonial 
State  papers;  (5)  outlines  of  council  orders  dealing  with  other  trading  companies. 
All  of  the  original  documents  are  at  present  in  the  Public  Record  Office  and  are 
noted  in  the  Bibliographical  List  of  Records  following. 

The  Bancroft  papers  relating  to  Virginia  and  the  Simancas  Archives  are  well 
bound,  clear,  and  apparently  careful,  correct,  and  full  copies  of  the  documents 
included.  The  first  two  volumes  of  the  Bancroft  collection  bearing  on  the  Virginia 
Company  are  transcripts  of  man}-  of  the  documents  in  the  State  paper  office, 
probably  made  in  1852  by  Noel  Sainsbury,  but  the  list  is  not  complete.  While 
the  peculiar  and  characteristic  signs  of  abbreviation  are  not  followed,  the  orthog- 
raphy seems  to  be  accurate  throughout.  Furthermore,  the  collection  includes 
the  document  entire,  unless  otherwise  indicated.  The  table  of  contents  is  carfeul 
and  correct.''  The  "Simancas  Archives"  is  a  volume  of  transcripts  of  "Papers 
in  the  Simancas  Archives  relating  to  the  History  of  Virginia  and  other  portions 

a  See  a  statement  by  Victor  H.  Paltsita,  April  14,  1896,  inserted  in  the  firat  volume  of  these 
papers  now  in  the  Lenox. 

''  The  documents  transcribed  in  botli  the  Chalmers-Barlow  and  the  Bancroft  volumes  are  noted 
in  the  List  of  Records  under  "Remarks." 


THE  COLLECTIONS  OF  DOCUMEyTS,  1616-162i  59 

of  America  between  1608  and  1624,  made  for  Alexander  Brown  and  many  of 
them  used  by  him  in  his  book,  The  Genesis  of  the  U,  S."  The  only  document 
relating  to  Virginia  which  is  not  reproduced  in  that  collection  is  a  repetition 
of  the  proclamation  of  the  King  of  England  concerning  tobacco,  bearing  the  date 
November  12,  1624. 

COLLECTIONS  IN  ENGLAND 

FERRAR   PAPERS 

The  most  unique  collection  in  England  for  the  study  of  the  Virginia  Company 
is  that  in  the  possession  of  Magdeleue  College,  Cambridge.  As  the  propert}'  of 
Nicholas  and  John  Ferrar,  who  were  second  only  to  Sir  Edwin  Sandys  in  their 
activit}'^  in  the  company,  it  would  be  invaluable;  but  its  importance  is  further 
enhanced  by  the  fact  that  it  contains  the  correspondence  and  papers  of  Sir  Edwin 
Sandys  himself.  These  seventy-eight  papers,  which  are  either  records  of  the 
company  or  vitally  concern  it,  cover  the  period  of  the  Sandys-Southampton  influence 
from  1617  to  the  summer  of  1623.  They  were  the  property  of  Dr.  Peckard, 
master  of  Magdalene  College  in  1790,  and  were  bequeathed  to  the  college  upon  his 
death.  It  is  probable  that  the  greater  part  of  the  collection  came  from  the  Ferrar 
family  through  Dr.  Peckard's  wife,  Martha  Ferrar,  the  great  granddaugher  of 
John  Ferrar,  since  the  Virginia  papers  form  but  one-third  of  the  group.  The  remain- 
ing papers  concern  family  affairs  only,  and  date  from  1601  to  the  middle  of  the 
eighteenth  century.  Some  of  them  are  doubtless  those  received  from  the  Earl  of 
Dorset  by  Dr.  Peckard,  when  he  was  preparing  his  Memoirs  of  Nicholas  Ferrar." 

The  first  knowledge  of  the  Ferrar  papers  in  later  j^ears  was  communicated  to 
the  Virginia  Magazine  of  History  by  Michael  Lloyd  Ferrar,  Little  Gidding,  Ealing, 
England.  He  sent  a  number  of  transcripts  and  photographs  of  letters  to  the  maga- 
zine for  publication,  among  which  were  some  half  dozen  liearing  on  the  affairs  of 
the  company,  but  the  number  which  he  was  permitted  to  reproduce  was  limited 
by  the  college.  While  Mr.  Ferrar  was  completing  a  history  of  the  Ferrar  family 
the  entire  collection  was  deposited  at  his  home,  and  it  was  therefore  in  Ealing  in  the 
fall  of  1903  that  the  Editor  was  tirst  permitted  by  the  authorities  of  the  college  to 
"see  and  note  the  contents"  of  the  papers.  Before  the  following  summer  Mr.  Ferrar 
had  died  and  the  collection  had  been  returned  to  Cambridge,  where  complete  trans- 
cripts of  all  letters  and  photographs  of  all  documents  relating  to  the  Virginia 
Company  were  made  for  the  Library  of  Congress  under  the  supervision  of  the 
Editor. 

n  In  this  work  Dr.  Peckard  states  that  the  Earl  of  Dorset  had  had  his  library  searched  and 
had  sent  him  a  few  loose  papers  belonging  to  the  Virginia  Company. 


60  IXTRODUCTIOTf 

These  papers  are  loose,  many  of  them  being  much  damaged,  and  it  is  apparent 
that  they  are  a  part  of  a  larger  collection  which  must  have  been  neglected  while  in 
the  possession  of  the  familj'.  There  are  some  envelopes  without  letters,  many 
rough  memoranda  by  both  Nicholas  and  John  Ferrar,  some  account  books,  and  some 
rough  drafts  of  petitions  to  the  House  of  Commons  and  of  discussions  on  the 
silkworm.  The  autographs  which  they  furnish  of  both  Nicholas  and  John  Ferrar 
have  been  of  no  little  interest,  as  well  as  value,  for  the  identification  of  other  papers 
in  the  Public  Record  Ofiice,  and  in  the  Library  of  Congress.  Furthermore,  the 
proof  that  Nicholas  Ferrar  himself  supervised  the  transcript  of  the  court  book  is 
thus  gained. 

In  this  collection  are  twenty-three  papers  which  are  veritable  records  of  the 
company. '^  Two  documents  give  our  only  knowledge  of  the  financial  affairs  of 
Smythe's  Hundred,  slight  indeed,  but  from  them  comes  additional  information 
concerning  the  system  of  organization  of  the  societies  for  private  adventure.  Sundry 
other  unique  though  scattered  documents  are  among  these  papers,  such  as  receipts 
for  money  expended,  showing  the  method  of  business,  reports  of  committees,  and  of 
proceedings  of  the  commissioners,  revealing  the  bitterness  of  the  factions,  drafts  or 
original  records  of  certain  courts,  forming  the  only  proof  of  the  accuracy  of  the 
copies  of  the  court  books,  and  three  new  proceedings  of  the  courts  of  the  Somers 
Islands  Company.  One  of  the  latter  is  evidently  a  blotter  and  reveals  the  methods 
used  in  keeping  the  court  book.  The  quo  warranto  in  English,  which  was  served 
upon  the  treasurer  and  company,  would  have  been  of  the  greatest  value  had  not  the 
original  record  of  the  suit  in  the  King's  Bench  just  been  discovered.  Another 
document  of  great  value  is  the  receipt  referred  to  above,  which  proves  that  a  court 
book  was  regularly  kept  by  the  company  from  its  very  beginning.  It  reveals  how 
much  has  been  lost. 

The  series,  consisting  of  twenty  letters  from  Sir  Edwin  Sandys  to  John  Ferrar, 
shows  more  clearly  than  any  other  documents  we  possess  *  who  the  real  managers  of 
the  affairs  were  and  what  was  the  spirit  of  the  Sandys  faction.  The  absolute  confidence 
which  Sir  Edwin  Sandys  had  in  John  Ferrar  and  his  great  love  for  both  of  the  brothers 
is  significant.  Moreover,  the  knowledge  of  the  affairs  of  the  company,  the  careful 
watch  over  every  act  and  movement  affecting  the  business,  the  deep  and  earnest 
plans  for  the  advancement  of  its  interests  revealed  in  these  letters  prove  that  Sir 
Edwin  Sandys  was  the  keen  financial  manager  of  the  undertaking.  It  was  evidently 
he  who  determined  what  the  policy  should  be;   he  was  apparently  the  statesman 

«List  of  Records,  Nos.  76,  138,  164,  258,  259,  303,  304,  394,  421,  423,  470,  479,  539,  541,  543,  and 
the  (JM>  inarranto. 

^For  these  letters  see  Ibid.,  Nos.  120,  131,  135,  136,  171,  181,  191,  197,  211,  219,  271,  275,  282,  307, 
315,  316,  317,  364,  368. 


THE  COLLiECTIOyf!  OF  DOCVMEXTfi,  1616-1624  61 

and  the  politician,  directing  the  method  of  address  to  the  lords  of  the  council  or  the 
attitude  to  be  assumed  toward  the  Crown,  controlling  the  courts  so  that  he  might  be 
present  when  there  was  danger  of  faction,  concealing  the  information  received  from 
the  colony  when  he  feared  it  would  entail  criticism.  Much  of  the  personal  feeling 
and  animosity  that  existed  is  here  shown,  and  much  also  which  reveals  actual 
financial  conditions. 

The  last  group  of  these  papers  comprises  thirty-five  letters,  all  but  one  or  two 
of  which  were  written  by  planters  or  adventurers,  resident  in  the  colony,  to  Sir 
Edwin  Sandys. "  Of  these,  five  came  from  Governor  Yeardley,  ten  from  either  John 
Pory  or  George  Thorpe,  secretaries  in  the  colony  at  different  times,  and  two  from 
the  cape  merchant;  of  the  remainder,  at  least  ten  are  from  colonists  whose  opinions 
and  reports  have  not  reached  us  in  any  other  way.  These  letters  are  as  full  of 
complaint  with  regard  to  the  insufiicient  supplies  sent  with  new  planters,  as  are  the 
letters  in  the  Manchester  papers  which  Sir  Nathaniel  Rich  and  the  Earl  of  Warwick 
used  as  a  basis  of  accusation  against  the  management  of  the  company,  but  thev 
diflFei  from  the  other  complaints  in  that  they  are  kindly  in  spirit.  Mr.  Pory's  letters 
are  full  of  definite  information  concerning  the  affairs,  needs,  and  hopas  of  the 
colony,  while  Governor  Yeardlej'  also  gives  some  valuable  statements  with  regard  to 
new  settlers,  the  council,  the  relations  with  the  Indians,  and  the  government  of  the 
colony;  both  complain  of  the  scant  provisioning  of  the  new  settlers.  The  burden  of 
the  Yeardley  letters,  however,  is  the  investigation  of  the  affairs  of  Captain  Argall 
and  the  consequent  criticism  drawn  upon  himself  fi-om  Lord  Rich.  Unfortunately, 
comparatively  few  additional  data  are  afforded  concerning  the  Argall  affair  either  by 
Pory  or  by  Yeardley.  The  planters  themselves  tell  much  of  their  condition  and  of 
the  districts  in  which  they  have  settled,  but  the  theme  of  their  letters  is  most  likely 
to  be  a  demand  for  promised  payments  or  a  complaint  as  to  the  scarcity  of  provisions 
and  clothes.  The  attitude  toward  Yeardley  is  generally  favorable,  John  Rolfe  alone 
supporting  Argall  and  criticizing  the  governor.  As  from  all  correspondence  of 
such  a  character,  new  ideas  are  gained,  new  points  of  view,  and  often  additional 
knowledge  of  relations  with  the  Indians  and  with  one  another.  Many  of  these 
letters  are  annotated  by  John  Ferrar,  revealing  the  degree  of  importance  which  he 
attached  to  their  various  and  often  conflicting  statements. 

PUBLIC   RECORD   OFFICE — MANCHESTER   PAPERS 

A  class  of  documents,  very  similar  in  character  but  of  quite  different  spirit,  is 
the  Manchester  papers,  now  in  the  Public  Record  Ofiicc,  London.  Rot>ert,  Earl  of 
Warwick,  and  his  cousin,  Sir  Nathaniel  Rich,  were  both  members  of  the  companv. 

"For  these  letters,  see  List  of  Records,  Nos.  93,  94,  115,  119,  134,  153,  156,  158,  166,  173,  179.  ISO, 
235,  238,  239,  241,  243-250,  262-255,  285,  343,  466. 


62  INTRODUCTION 

Sir  Nathaniel  was  a  leader  in  the  Warwick  faction,  while  Earl  Robert,  after  the 
dissolution  of  the  company  in  1624,  became  a  member  of  the  council  for  Virginia. 
The  third  wife  of  the  Earl  was  Eleanor,  Countess  of  Sussex,  daughter  of  Richard 
Wortlej,  and  she,  after  the  death  of  the  Earl  of  Warwick,  married,  as  her  fourth 
husband,  Edward  Montague,  second  Earl  of  Manchester.  Thus  it  is  that  the 
Kimbolton  manuscripts,  M'hich  are  the  records  of  the  Duke  of  Manchester,  contain 
a  large  collection  of  petitions,  declarations,  memoranda,  letters,  and  lists  which 
emanated  from  the  Warwick  faction  of  the  Virginia  Company.''  Many  of  these  are 
holographs  of  Nathaniel  Rich  and  Alderman  Johnson,  prime  movers  in  that  conflict. 
Henrj'  Montague,  Viscount  Mandeville  and  later  Earl  of  Manchester,  was  at  one 
time  lord  president  of  the  Privy  Council.  Therefore  many  of  the  Manchester  papers 
ma}'  have  belonged  to  him.  The  autographs,  however,  identify  those  which  concern 
the  Virginia  Company  as  having  belonged  to  Nathaniel  Rich. 

The  Manchester  and  the  Ferrar  papers  therefore  present  the  two  sides  of  this 
conflict,  not  in  open  court  or  even  in  private  contest,  but  in  the  private  documents 
and  memoranda  of  the  leaders.  The  collections  are  of  about  the  same  size,  there 
being  sixty-six  papers  in  the  Manchester  series,  to  seventy -eight  in  the  Ferrar  group. 
These,  also,  are  unbound,  but  since  the  greater  part  are  rough  notes  of  documents, 
or  drafts  of  propositions  or  speeches,  thej'  are  much  more  diflScult  to  decipher  than 
the  Ferrar  papers.  Indeed  many  of  them  are  almost  illegible,  and  not  a  few  are 
unintelligible,  having  no  connecting  thought. 

A  dozen  of  these  papers  may  be  considered  documentary,  that  is,  rough  copies 
of  letters,  petitions,  and  declarations,  or  of  acts  of  the  compan\-,  or  of  its  members 
and  officers  in  an  official  capacity.  A  few  of  these  only  are  to  be  found  among  the 
other  records  of  the  company.  Like  the  rest  of  the  set,  they,  almost  without 
exception,  concern  the  accusations  against  the  Sandys-Southampton  management. 
Three  of  them  are  petitions  or  letters  concerning  the  extent  of  the  tobacco  trade, 
but  the  rest  are  petitions  to  the  King  against  one  faction  or  the  other,  and  answers 
to  those  petitions.  Of  these,  one  of  the  most  important  is  a  copj^  of  the  opinion 
of  counsel  concerning  the  powers  conferred  on  the  Virginia  Company  by  the 
several  letters  patent.*  Accusation  and  defense  are  set  forth  in  these  documents, 
but  the  headings  of  speeches,  the  drafts  of  propositions,  and  the  notes  from  docu- 
ments on  which  the  arguments  are  based  proclaim  the  motives  and  methods  of  the 
accusers.  No  proof  could  be  clearer  than  these  memoranda  by  Alderman  Johnson 
and  Nathaniel  Rich  that  the  company  was  to  be  overthrown  by  fair  means  or  foul. 
In  two  or  three  papers  are  carefully  prepared  lists  of   alleged  evil   deeds  of  Sir 

« These  Manchester  papers  are  calendared  by  the  Royal  Commission  on  Historical  Manuscripts, 
Report  VIII,  Part  2. 

»List  of  Records,  p.  140,  No.  170. 


THE  COLLECTIONS  OF  DOCUMEVTS,  1616-162J,  63 

Edwin  Sandys  and  catalogues  of  the  faults  and  errors  of  the  company,  while  the 
criticisms  of  the  policy  and  of  the  management  of  the  company  are  set  down  in 
order,  based  on  letters  from  colonists,  of  which  there  are  eleven  in  the  collection. 
In  these  criticisms  and  drafts  of  propositions  much  information  is  afforded 
concerning  the  management,  organization,  and  condition  of  the  colony  and  com- 
pany. Thus,  various  books  kept  by  the  company  during  Sir  Thomas  Smythe's 
time,  and  not  otherwise  known,  are  mentioned."  B'ive  or  six  rough  drafts  of 
pi'opositions  concerning  the  tobacco  and  salary  question  are  also  to  be  found 
here,  as  well  as  numerous  statements  of  sums  adventured,  of  the  number  of  men 
sent  to  the  colony,  lists  of  members  favorable  to  one  faction  or  the  other  and 
candidates  for  office  from  both  parties.  Many  of  the  rough  notes  of  both  Johnson 
and  Rich  furnish  the  only  source  of  information  concerning  the  directions  given 
to  the  commissioners  appointed  by  the  Crown  to  investigate  the  condition  of  the 
companj'  and  of  the  colony  and  their  acts  and  reports,  but  a  fact  of  greater  sig- 
nificance is  this,  that  the  Warwick  collection  contains  a  dozen  rough  drafts  of 
directions  to  those  commissioners,  of  charges  against  the  company  to  be  sent  to 
that  body,  of  preliminary  reports  concerning  the  government  of  Virginia,  and  of 
projects  for  the  settlement  of  the  government  and  the  colony.  The  source  of  the 
schism  is  here  revealed,  and  the  accusation  by  Sandys  that  accuser  and  judge  were 
one  is  justified.' 

COLONIAL   AND    DOMESTIC    STATE    PAPERS 

The  other  large  group  of  Virginia  records,  consisting  of  over  one  hundred 
and  twenty  separate  documents,  is  found  among  the  colonial  and  domestic  papers 
deposited  in  the  Public  Record  Office.  The  source  of  this  collection  is  uncertain. 
Much  of  it  came  from  the  Plantation  Office,  and  perhaps  from  the  Privy  Council 
Office.  The  consolidation  of  depositories  took  place  in  1578,  but  the  efforts  of 
Dr.  Thomas  Wilson,  the  first  clerk  of  the  papers,  to  force  the  previous  and 
incumbent  magistrates  to  hand  over  all  documents  to  the  State,  were  evidently 
often  unavailing,  and  hence  it  was  that  the  creation  of  a  State  Paper  Office  was 
not  really  accomplished  until  the  period  of  the  companj-.  After  Sir  Thomas 
Wilson  succeeded  his  uncle  during  the  reign  of  James  I  the  aid  of  the  King  was 
much  relied  upon,  and,  though  partially  successful,  the  recent  revelation  of  quasi- 
public  documents  in  private  collections  shows  that  not  onlv  earlier  but  later 
officials  considered  papers  of  record  private  property.''      Thus  some  of  the  Salis- 

"  List  of  Records,  No.  438. 

''A  letter  from  Sir  Kdwin  Sandys  to  John  Ferrar,  cited  in  the  List  of  Records,  No.  317. 

<■  Scargill-Bird,  A  Guide  to  the  Documents  in  the  Public  Record  Office,  Introduction,  p.  xxxvi.     See 
also  W.  N.  Sainsbury,  "Calendar  of  Documents  relating  to  the  History  of  the  State  Paper  Office  to 
the  year  1800,"  in  the  Deputy  Keepers  Report,  No.  30,  Appendix,  No.  7,  pp.  212-293. 
Hi455— VOL  1— Oa 5 


64  INTRODVCTIOy 

bury  papers,  which  Wilson  failed  to  secure,  are  now  at  Hatfield  House;  and  others 
have  passed  with  the  Lansdowne  collection  into  the  British  Museum,  where  they 
are  known  as  the  Burghley  papers.  Similarly,  the  Cottonian  papers  in  the  Museum 
originally  belonged  to  Sir  Robert  Cotton  in  the  time  of  James  I. 

Among  the  State  Papers  deposited  in  the  Record  Office  are  the  letters  to 
John  Ferrar,  dated  from  Virginia  in  April,  1623,  which  may  have  been  seized  by 
the  commission  appointed  on  May  9,  1023,  to  investigate  the  affairs  of  the  com- 
pany. There,  too,  are  found  the  attested  copies  of  letters  and  records  in  the 
colony  which  concern  the  Harvey  Commission,  sent  to  the  commission  in  England 
by  Edward  Sharpless.  A  few  of  these  papers  seem  to  have  belonged  to  the 
company,  such  as  the  documents  pertaining  to  the  Walloons  and  dated  1621; 
Pory's  report  from  Virginia,  in  the  same  year;  and  two  copies  of  documents  by 
Collingwood,  dated  the  latter  part  of  1623. "  All  of  these  facts  lead  to  the  con- 
clusion that  a  part  of  the  records  of  the  commissions,  and  a  part  of  the  confis- 
cated records  of  the  company  are  here  deposited.  If  so,  where  are  the  remainder 
of  these  most  valuable  documents?  * 

The  colonial  papers  and  the  domestic  correspondence  include  about  forty-eight 
which  are  records,  and  about  nineteen  which  are  documentary  in  character. 
The  first  group  contains,  among  other  papers,  many  of  the  petitions  and  letters 
addressed  to  the  King  and  to  the  Privy  Council,  and  many  others  of  the  council.  It 
is  thus  apparent  that  the  royal  correspondence  of  the  Privy  Council  and  the  Privy 
Council  papers  which  should  accompany  the  register  are  in  this  collection.  To  the 
second  group  belong  those  papers  which  contain  projects  presented  by  individuals  and 
answers  to  such  propositions,  lists  of  adventures  for  the  company,  and  also  lists 
of  men  sent  to  the  colony  and  of  lands  granted  in  Virginia.  Among  these  papers 
are  seven  letters  from  colonists,  in  addition  to  about  fifty  which  may  be  consid- 
ered subsidiary  correspondence  in  that  thej'  refer  incidentally  to  the  affairs  of 
the  company.  Such  are  the  Mandeville-Conway,  Middlesex-Conway,  Chamberlain- 
Carleton,  Conway-Calvert,  and  Nethersole-Carleton  letters. 

EECORDS  OF   COURTS 

In  the  libels  of  the  admiralty  court,  instance  and  prize,  are  found  records  of 
suits  in  which  the  Virginia  Company  is  plaintiff.  As  a  part  of  the  controversy  in 
which  William  Wye  appears  as  defendant  is  the  suit  of  Yonge  vi^.  Roberts; 
while  the  fragment  of  the  record  of   the  Earl  of  Warwick  vs.  Edward  Bruister 

"List  of  Records,  pp.  145,  ff.,  Nos.  227,  243,  444,  520,  579. 

*  For  a  discussion  of  the  fate  of  the  missing  records  and  the  probability  as  to  their  existence, 
see  ch.  V,  post. 


THE  COLLECTION'S  OF  DOCVME^'TH,  1616-162/,  65 

concerning^  the  trouble  over  the  ships  Neptune  and  Treasurer  completes  the  list  of 
cases  in  that  court  which  in  any  way  affect  the  Virginia  Company.  The  latter  is  so 
torn  and  defaced  that  but  for  an  occasional  date  or  fact,  it  affords  no  information  of 
value.  Among  the  other  formal  material  of  the  suit  against  Wye  are  two  valuable 
documents,  namely,  the  commission  given  to  Wye  and  a  letter  from  the  treasurer 
and  council  to  Sir  George  Yeardlej^  dated  June  21,  1619.  In  the  latter  are  valuable 
references  to  Argall,  and  the  complaints  against  Wye,  though  torn  and  illegible, 
reveal  something  of  the  loss  estimated  as  resulting  from  the  failure  to  settle  the 
passengers  in  Virginia.  These  records  of  the  admiralty  court  have  not  hereto- 
fore been  published,  although  they  were  cited  by  R.  G.  Marsden  in  his  discu.ssion 
of  those  documents."  But  the  chancery  files,  which  have  furnished  the  records 
of  suits  h\  the  Virginia  Company,  have  only  just  been  indexed,  and  hence  the 
documents  have  not  heretofore  been  known. 

The  record  of  the  quo  warranto  suit  by  which  the  Virginia  Company  was  over- 
thrown has  been  erroneously  declared  to  be  not  extant,  a  mistake  due  to  a  differ- 
ence in  view  with  regard  to  the  court  out  of  which  such  a  writ  would  be  issued 
and  as  to  the  court  in  which  the  writ  would  be  returnable.  Hence  the  search 
for  the  document  has  hitherto  been  conducted  in  the  Petty  Bag  of  the  Chancery 
instead  of  in  the  coram  rege  roll  of  the  King's  Bench.  It  was  in  the  latter  roll  that 
the  full  record  of  the  writ,  the  pleadings,  and  the  judgment  were  discovered  by  the 
Editor  in  the  fall  of  1903.*  In' A  Guide  to  the  Documents  in  the  Puhlic  Recm'd  Office 
Mr.  Bird  gives  the  following  explanation  of  the  placita  de  quo  warranto:  They 
"consist  of  the  pleadings  and  judgments  on  writs  of  'quo  warranto'  in  nature  of 
writs  of  right  on  behalf  of  the  King  against  those  who  claimed  or  usurped  any 
office,  franchise,  or  liberty.  The  pleadings  and  judgments  on  writs  of  'quo  war- 
ranto' or  of  'quo  titulo  clamat'  took  place  in  the  King's  Bench  or  the  Exchequer 
and  are  enrolled  on  the  'coram  rege  I'olls'  or  the  'memoranda  rolls'  accordingly."'" 
The  statement  in  the  court  book  of  the  companj^  is  that  the  "company  had  been 
served  with  process  out  of  the  King's  Bench  by  virtue  of  a  quo  warranto."  It  was 
this  clue  and  that  from  Mr.  Scargill-Bird  that  led  the  Editor  to  conduct  the  search 
successfully  in  the  coram  rege  roll. 

In  the  Record  Office  are  also  the  docquet  books,  which  afford  some  knowledge 
of  the  grants  of  the  King  affecting  the  customs  on  tobacco,  and  the  patent  rolls, 

OR.  G.  Marsden,  "Records  of  the  Admiralty  Court"  in  the  Tranmctim\»  of  the  Royal  Historical 
Society,  new  series,  Vol.  XVI,  90-96.  Many  parts  of  these  records  are  undecipherable,  and  as  a 
result  the  transcripts  made  for  the  Library  of  Congress  are  incomplete. 

b  For  a  discussion  of  the  content  of  the  document,  see  post,  p.  103. 

":  P.  166. 


66  INTRODUCTION 

which  contain  the  letters  patent  of  1606,  1609,  and  1612.  In  the  colonial  entry 
books  and  among  the  proclamations  of  the  King  are  orders  of  the  Privy  Council 
and  of  the  King,  all  of  which  are  recorded  in  the  Privy  Council  register. 

PKIVY   COUNCIL  REGI8TEK 

Since  the  Privy  Council  took  no  direct  part  in  the  affairs  of  the  company 
between  1617  and  the  sunmier  of  1622,  its  orders  related  to  those  regulations  which 
would  enable  the  acts  of  the  company  to  advance  the  interests  of  the  kingdom,  leaving 
absolute  jjower  to  the  company  as  the  proprietor.  Thus  fully  one- half  of  its  thii'ty 
measures  during  those  five  years  were  reprieves  of  prisoners,  with  the  warrants  nec- 
essary to  send  them  to  Virginia  or  orders  enabling  children  to  be  transferred  from 
the  cities  of  the  kingdom  to  the  colony.  During  this  period  the  Crown  conmienced 
its  attempts  to  secure  a  revenue  from  the  tobacco  trade,  and  a  series  of  orders  finally 
resulted  in  the  approval  of  the  contract  with  the  company  in  February  of  1622  3. 
In  its  foi'eign  and  external  relations  the  company  was  of  course  subject  to  the  action 
of  the  Pi'iv}'  Council,  and  hence  the  orders  in  council  concerned  the  contest  with 
Spain  over  the  attack  of  the  Treasure)'.  Furthermore,  the  disagreement  with  the 
northern  colon}'  concerning  fishing  privileges  had  to  be  adjusted  by  the  council  and 
resulted  in  the  renewal  of  the  patent  to  the  northern  colony  and  in  regulations  as 
to  rights  of  fishing.  It  was  in  the  summer  of  1622  that  the  first  movement  was 
made  which  brought  the  difficulties  between  the  factions  into  the  open  board. 
The  petition  of  John  Bargrave  against  Sir  Thomas  Smythe,  Alderman  Johnson, 
and  others,  in  which  they  were  accused  of  mismanagement,  resulted  in  the  defeat  of 
Bargrave  six  months  later,  as  was  to  have  been  expected  from  the  hostility  of  the 
Crown  to  the  party  in  Parliament  led  by  Sir  Edwin  Sandys,  of  which  Bargrave 
was  evidently  a  member  at  that  time.  But  the  storm  broke  in  the  following  April, 
when  the  commission  was  appointed  to  inquire  into  the  true  state  of  the  Virginia 
and  Somers  Islands  companies.  From  that  date  until  the  dissolution  of  the  com- 
pany in  the  summer  of  162-1  the  council  busied  itself  with  the  affairs  of  the  company. 
No  less  than  31  orders  are  recorded  which  create  commissions  and  empower  them 
to  investigate  both  the  colony  and  the  company  and  in  the  end  to  assume  the 
functions  of  government  in  the  name  of  the  Crown,  while  seven  of  these  documents 
pass  directly  between  the  council  and  the  colony,  and  no  other  measures  were  con- 
sidered except  those  which  enabled  the  Warwick  faction  to  tear  down  the  work  of 
the  adventurers  and  to  take  into  its  own  hands  the  control  of  the  entire  business. 
These  forms  of  government,  planned  by  the  Crown  and  the  commissions  here 
recorded,  by  which  the  authority  was  vested  in  the  commissioners  and  later  in  a 
committee  of  the  Privy  Council,  stand  for  the  beginning  of  royal  control.     Here- 


THE  COLLECTIONS  OF  DOCUMENTS,  1616-162.',  67 

tofore,  with  a  few  exceptions,  these  orders  have  been  known  only  through  the 
calendar  of  state  papers,  and  even  then  not  more  than  one-half  have  been  included. 
The  Privy  Council  Office  and  its  records  are  located  in  the  treasury  building, 
Whitehall,  London;  the  registers  of  the  council  orders  are  kept  in  the  clerk's  office 
but  all  of  the  early  registers  are  properly  about  to  be  transferred  to  the  Public 
Record  Office.  These  registers  contain  the  orders  of  the  council,  and,  after 
Charles  I,  also  the  petitions  received  and  the  letters  issued  by  the  council.  In 
the  earlier  reigns  such  documents  were  not  recorded;  whether  they  were  even 
preserved  as  public  documents  is  not  certain,  although,  as  stated  above,  many  of 
them  have  found  their  way  to  the  Record  Office  and  are  there  calendared  among 
the  colonial,  domestic,  or  foreign  papers.  There  is  a  collection  of  such  original 
material,  dating  from  the  close  of  the  seventeenth  century,  in  the  treasury  building." 

BRITISH   MUSEUM 

The  collection  of  manuscripts  from  which  the  most  valuable  returns  might  be 
expected  is  in  the  British  Museum.  The  documents  there  deposited  are  small  in 
number  but  they  are  of  great  value,  and  none  of  them  have  heretofore  been  printed. 
The  originals  of  the  precedents  for  patents  of  the  Virginia  Company,  which  are  now 
noted  for  the  first  time,  evidently  formed  a  part  of  the  records  of  the  company,  and 
it  may  be  that  thej'  are  some  of  the  copies  of  the  records  made  under  the  super\asion 
of  Nicholas  Ferrar,  or  they  may  be  the  drafts  of  patents  which  were  filed  by  the 
company  according  to  an  order  of  its  court.  Not  only  is  the  writing  similar  to  much 
of  that  in  the  contemporary  transcripts  of  the  court  book,  but  they  are  unsigned 
copies,  and  the  headings  of  a  number  of  them  seem  to  be  in  the  autograph  of  Edward 
CoUingwood.  The  caption  of  the  series  shows  that  the  copies  were  made  for  the  sake 
of  preserving  the  form,  and  reads  as  follows:  "Presidents  of  Patents,  Grants  & 
Commissioners  by  the  Virginia  Company.  1621.''*  The  company  thus  preserved  the 
legal  form  of  the  various  grants.  Four  of  them  are  of  value  not  only  for  the  form 
but  for  the  knowledge  they  furnish  of  the  distinction  made  between  the  four  classes 
of  adventurers:  those  who  paid  money  into  the  treasury  and  agreed  to  plant  one 
hundi'ed  persons,  those  who  established  a  private  plantation,  those  who  were  private 
planters,  and  those  whose  "shares  exceedinge  50  acf  are  exempted  from  payinge 
any  Rent  to  y°  Company  for  the  persons  they  transporte."  In  addition  certain 
knowledge  is  afforded  concerning  the  grants.  Two  out  of  the  other  nine  documents 
are  commissions  granted  to  owners  and  masters  of  ships  for  voyages  to  Virginia,  by 

"The  clerk's  oflSce  is  entered  from  Downing  street,  but  the  library  containing  the  original  docu- 
ments must  be  reached  through  the  main  entrance  on  Whitehall. 

»"List  of  Records,"  pp.  149  ff.,  Nos.  256,  257,  267,  276-278,  298,  299,  323-325.  The  volume  is  cata- 
logued as  Additional  MSS.,  14385. 


68  INTRODUCTION 

which  they  are  to  transport  passengers  to  Virginia.  Another  is  a  covenant  by  the 
company  to  pay  for  the  victualing  and  transporting  of  passengers,  while  still  another 
is  for  the  transporting  of  goods  only.  Other  forms  are  those  used  for  granting 
rights  of  fishing  on  the  coast  of  America,  for  voyages  to  Virginia,  and  free  fishing 
along  the  shores,  and  others  still  for  discovery,  fishing,  and  trading  in  furs  in 
Virginia.  The  covenant  signed  by  William  Ewens  in  which  he  agreed  to  fit  out  the 
ship  George  reveals  the  form  of  contract  required  of  the  masters  of  ships  by  the 
company. 

These  papers  form  the  last  group  in  a  volume  which  contains  "A  Catalogue  of 
the  Nobility  of  England  in  the  time  of  King  James  the  first,"  1626,  and  "A  list 
of  all  the  Officers  belonging  to  Courts  of  Justice  the  Kings  household  &  Eeuenue 
w""  their  seuerall  fees."  There  are  several  signs  for  identification,  but  none  which 
indicate  the  original  owner  of  the  volume.  It  is  a  small  quarto  in  leather,  bearing 
the  signature,  "H  Cowle  A.  29,"  on  the  inner  cover,  and  also  the  arms  of  James 
Bindley  with  the  motto,  "unus  et  idem."  At  the  bottom  of  the  same  cover  is 
written  the  following:  ''Purchased  at  the  sale  of  W.  Berwicks  library*  at  Sotheby's, 
27  Apr.  1863.  (Lot  427),"  while  on  the  second  fl)'  leaf  in  the  upper  right-hand 
corner  is  the  inscription:  ''The  gift  of  M''  Dan'  Prince,  Bookseller.  Oxford — Julj* 
23*  1776."     Farther  than  this  the  history  of  the  papers  is  unknown. 

Another  set  of  documents  in  the  Museum  is  also  unique.  One  of  these  sup- 
plies all  that  is  known  outside  of  the  court  book  and  a  single  reference  in  Argall's 
register  book  regarding  the  controversy  over  the  grant  of  land  to  John  Martin  in 
Virginia.  The  other  letters  from  Martin  to  his  brother-in-law,  Sir  Julius  Caesar, 
written  in  December,  1622.  give  startling  suggestions  with  regard  to  an  ideal  policy 
for  the  colony.  "The  manner  howe  to  bringe  in  the  Indians  into  subiection  w"" 
out  makings  an  utter  extirpation  of  them  .  .  ."is  the  heading  of  the  paper  in 
which  Martin  proposes  to  disable  the  main  body  of  the  enemy  by  cutting  them 
off  from  their  sources  of  supply  at  home  and  by  destroying  their  trade.  He  would 
thus  require  two  hundred  soldiers  ''Contynuallie  harrowinge  and  Inirneinge  all  their 
Townes  in  wynter."  Bj-  this  means  and  by  gaining  a  store  of  grain  for  two  years' 
suppl}^  he  plans  for  the  recovery  from  the  massacre.  In  order  to  secure  the  entire 
territory  from  the  Indians,  in  a  second  letter  he  propounds  a  scheme  by  which  the 
Crown  or  the  company  can  make  a  "Royall  plantation  for  gods  glory  his  Ma"": 
and  Royall  progenyes  euer  happines  and  the  Companies  exceedinge  good."  The 
responsibility  and  control  was  to  be  thrown  upon  the  shires  of  England.  The 
fact  that  the  Martin  letters  have  not  heretofoi'e  been  generally  known  may  be  due 
to  an  error  in  the  catalogue.  They  appear  under  the  name  "Tho.  Martin"  instead 
of  "Jho.  Martin."" 

"List  of  Records,  Nos.  378,  384,  385. 


TBE  COLLECTIONS  OF  DOCUMENTS,  1616-16U  69 

Two  other  projects  for  the  advancement  of  the  colony  are  in  the  same  collection 
of  papers;  one  by  Captain  Bargrave,  brother  of  the  Dean  of  Canterbury,  is  dated 
December  8,  1623,  and  the  other  a  year  later.  The  latter  relates  to  the  division  of 
income  from  tobacco  between  the  King,  the  planter,  and  the  grower,  with  a  reward 
to  those  endeavoring  to  preserve  the  plantation,  but  approves  the  Ditchfield  offer. 
The  Ditchfield  offer  itself  is  also  in  this  collection."  Captain  Bargrave's  proposition 
for  the  government  of  the  colony  stands  midway  between  absolute  roj'al  control 
and  full  autonomy  of  the  planters,  and  holds  an  important  place  in  the  develop- 
ment of  the  plans  from  the  proprietary  to  the  royal  colony.  Furthermore,  it  is 
rather  significant  that  in  the  collection  of  Sir  Julius  Caesar  are  to  be  found  the  propo- 
sitions of  Martin,  of  Bargrave,  and  the  document  by  which  the  commission  was 
finally  appointed  in  1624,  to  establish  the  government  in  Virginia  under  royal  control. 
Sir  Julius  Caesar,  having  been  a  judge  of  admiralty  under  Elizabeth  and  chancellor 
of  the  exchequer  in  the  reign  of  James  I,  became  master  of  the  rolls  on  Januarv 
16,  1610'll,  and  one  of  the  keepers  of  the  great  seal  on  May  3,  1621.  His  position 
evidently  enabled  him  to  secure  a  large  collection  of  valuable  drafts  of  documents. 
This  was  sold  at  auction  in  1757.  One-third  of  the  collection  was  purchased  by  the 
Earl  of  Shelburne  (Lord  Lansdowne)  from  Webb  and  came  to  the  Museum  among 
the  Lansdowne  papers. 

Two  collections  of  printed  material  of  the  company  are  to  be  found  in  England, 
the  British  Museum  and  the  Society  of  Antiquaries.  While  the  British  Museum  has 
a  large  number  of  the  earlier  publications,  it  possesses  only  the  declaration  of  June 
22,  1620,  and  also  the  unique  note  of  shipping  of  1620,  the  only  other  copy  of  which 
is  owned  by  the  Society'  of  Antiquaries.  The  collection  of  that  society  is  rich  in 
royal  proclamations,  besides  possessing  a  copy  of  the  Note  of  Shipping,  1621,  and 
of  the  Inconveniences  of  1622.  The  scattering  documents  to  be  found  in  private 
collections  throughout  England  are  often  valuable,  but  nowhere  else  is  to  be  found 
any  considerable  number  of  papers  or  any  that  are  of  great  importance.* 

a,  List  of  Records,  Nos.  604  and  733. 

6  For  those  documents  in  private  collections,  see  the  List  of  Records.  In  the  concluding  section 
of  this  "  Introduction  "  will  be  found  a  discussion  of  the  collections  which  have  been  searched  in  vain 
for  material  relating  to  the  Virginia  Company.  Furthermore,  a  statement  will  there  be  found  of  those 
families  in  whose  possession  we  should  expect  to  find  Virginia  records,  because  of  their  connection  with 
the  men  prominent  in  the  company  or  in  the  commissions  which  supplanted  the  company.  A  very 
helpful  article,  entitled  "The  Stuart  Papers,"  is  published  by  Mrs.  S.  C.  Lomas,  in  the  Tramact\<m»  of 
the  Royal  Historical  Society,  new  series,  XVI,  97-132. 


^anbga-^flutliamptnu  Abmtntstrattnn 

Organization  of  the  Company 

In  order  to  comprehend  what  the  records  of  the  company  were  and  what  their 
value,  it  is  necessar}'  to  gain  an  understanding  of  the  system  which  the  corporation 
worked  out  in  order  to  further  its  purposes.  The  forms  and  usages  of  the  company 
after  1619  were  determined  bj^  the  charters  granted  by  the  King  and  by  the  "Orders 
and  Constitutions"  which  it  adopted  in  1619  and  printed  in  June,  1620,"  although  the 
latter  were  altered  or  newly  interpreted  from  time  to  time  by  action  of  its  courts. 

The  membership  of  the  company  was  unlimited  and  was  granted  by  the  courts 
to  anyone  who  had  "adventured"  £12  10s.  for  a  share  of  stock  or  to  whom  the  com- 
panj^  had  awarded  a  share  of  stock  for  services.*  The  distinction  between  a  member 
who  was  free  of  the  company  and  an  owner  of  land  in  Virginia  was  brought  out  in  a 
controversy  on  February  19,  1622  3.  in  which  a  proposition  to  limit  the  adventurers 
to  those  approved  by  the  generality  met  with  opposition  on  the  ground  that  land  in 
Virginia  was  held  in  free  and  common  socage  and  could  not  be  forbidden  to  any  man. 
But  Sir  John  Brooke,  the  legal  authority  in  the  company,  declared  that  such  exclusion 
was  agreeable  to  the  law  since  it  was  a  question  of  a  vote  in  a  court  and  not  a  ques- 
tion of  ownership  of  land.  The  argument  was  based  on  the  power  to  withhold  the 
privilege  of  voting  from  Samuel  Wroth,  who  was  under  censure,  and  similarly  on 
the  power  to  exclude  any  man  who  had  purchased  land  from  a  member  who  was 
indebted  to  the  company  until  the  debts  were  paid.  This  discussion  also  revealed 
that  no  oath  of  fidelity  was  required  in  the  Virginia  Company  as  in  the  Muscovy 
and  other  corporations.  At  a  later  date  the  King  proposed  that  no  member  should 
be  free  of  the  courts  who  had  not  sent  men  to  the  colony  as  planters,  claiming  that 
less  than  thirtj'  of  the  adventurers  could  meet  the  requirement.''  The  power  to  dis- 
franchise an  unworthy  member  was  reserved  to  the  company. 

oLiat  of  Records,  No  183. 

*MS.  Records  of  the  Virginia  Company  of  London,  Court  Book,  Vol.  I,  Nov.  15,  1619. 

clbid.,  II,  Feb.  19,  1622/3;  I,  Nov.  3,  1619. 

71 


72  lymoDVCTiON 

The  members  met  in  four  great  or  quarter  courts,  held  on  the  last  Wednesday 
except  one  of  each  law  term.  On  the  Monday  preceding  they  assembled  in  a  prepar- 
ative court  and  on  every  Wednesday  fortnight  thereafter  in  a  common  or  ordinary 
court,  as  required  by  the  charter  of  1612;  and  they  might  also  be  summoned  to 
an  extraordinary  court  by  the  treasurer  or  deputy.  The  meetings  were  held  in  the 
private  houses  of  various  members  of  the  company "  until  the  time  of  the  tobacco 
contract,  when  a  company  house  was  established. 

In  the  quarter  court  the  adventurers  elected  all  councilors  and  principal  officers 
of  the  company  and  colony,  made  all  laws  and  ordinances,  confirmed  all  grants  of 
land,  settled  all  questions  of  trade,  and  passed  all  measures  which  should  bind  the 
company  for  a  term  of  years.  Their  action  with  regard  to  questions  of  a  new  charter 
and  of  investment  for  the  colony  was  legal  only  when  transacted  in  a  quarter  court, 
but  they  might  transfer  to  other  courts  actions  which  concerned  correspondence 
with  the  lord  treasurer  or  similar  business.  Fifteen  of  the  generality  and  five 
of  the  council  formed  a  quorum  for  the  ordinary  courts,  and  in  those  they  signed 
warrants,  ordered  the  payment  of  bills  passed  by  the  auditors,  and  sealed  bills  of 
adventure.  In  that  meeting  also  were  perfected  commissions  for  transportation 
of  men  and  provisions  and  for  trade  and  barter.  Special  officers  and  committees 
were  appointed  in  this  court,  and  even  actions  of  great  importance,  such  as  the 
dissolution  of  the  magazine  or  the  extension  of  freedom  of  the  company  to  hon- 
orary members,  were  consummated.* 

The  officers  chosen  by  the  company  were  a  council,  a  treasurer,  a  deputy, 
auditors,  a  general  committee  of  sixteen,  a  secretary,  a  bookkeeper,  a  husband,  and 
a  beadle.  The  adventurers  looked  to  the  treasurer  or  governor  not  only  as  the 
president  and  moderator,  but  as  the  manager  of  their  business  interests,  and  expected 
him  to  be  responsible  for  the  policy  of  the  company  in  its  relations  with  the  govern- 
ment and  to  formulate  and  present  plans  for  the  development  of  the  plantation  and 
the  profit  of  the  adventurers.  To  him  was  entrusted  the  supervision  of  the  treasury 
and  the  collection  of  moneys. 

The  care  of  the  court  books  was  given  to  the  deputy.  It  was  his  duty  to  attend 
to  the  engrossing  of  the  orders  and  resolutions  of  the  courts,  the  registration  of 
letters  to  and  from  the  company,  and  the  formulation  of  statements  to  be  given  to 
the  public.  He  also  kept  the  court  of  the  committees  and  supervised  the  issue  of 
warrants. 

The  council  was  a  body,  gradually  increasing  in  size,  elected  for  life,  and  was 
sworn  bj'  the  lord  chancellor  or  by  the  lord  chamberlain.  In  the  earlier  years  it  was 
the  most  important  committee  of  the  generality  of  the  company,  but  after  1621  its 

o  MS.  Eecords  of  the  Virginia  Company  of  London,  Court  Book,  Vol.  II,  May  24,  1623. 
bibid.,  I,  Dec.  15,  1619;  Dec.  3,  1619;  Jan.  12,  1619/20;  Feb.  16,  1619/20;  Feb.  22,  1619/20. 


UNDER  TBE  SANDYS-fiOUTHAMPTON  ADMINWTRATION  73 

duties  seem  oftentimes  to  have  been  assigned  to  the  auditors  or  to  special  committees. 
According  to  the  "Orders  and  Constitutions''  its  chief  care  was  the  preparation  of 
laws  for  the  company  and  for  the  colony,  the  issue  of  instru(;tions  to  the  governor 
and  council  of  the  colony,  and  the  formation  of  a  preliminary  court  for  the  trial  of 
the  officers  of  the  company  or  of  the  colony.  But  the  practice  in  the  courts  was  to 
refer  to  it  those  difficult  duties  for  which  its  titled  and  distinguished  personnel  made 
it  especially  lit.  To  it  was  I'cferred,  as  a  final  resort,  the  examination  of  the  claims  of 
John  Martin,  the  attempts  to  gain  a  statement  of  accounts  from  the  old  magazine, 
and  the  settlement  or  arbitration  of  both  the  Bargrave  and  the  Argall  cases. " 

A  body  called  the  "committees"  was  at  first  composed  of  twelve  members,  six 
being  chosen  annually,  but  later  the  number  was  increased  to  sixteen,  four  being 
elected  anew  each  year.''  Its  duties  were  chiefly  to  attend  to  the  buying  and 
selling  of  the  couunodities  of  the  company,  and  to  the  furnishing  of  ships  depaiting 
for  Virginia. 

The  auditors  formed  the  other  important  standing  committee,  composed  of 
seven  members,  elected  annually.  The  chief  duty  assigned  to  them  by  the  "Orders 
and  Constitutions"  was  that  of  reducing  to  a  book  the  receipts  and  expenditures. 
The  court  book  discloses  the  fact  that  the  company  imposed  upon  them  the  burden 
of  examining  all  claims  against  the  company,  as  well  as  all  claims  of  the  company,  of 
investigating  the  accounts  of  the  lottery  and  of  the  magazine,  of  determining  the 
awards  of  land  or  of  shares  for  service  or  for  adventure,  of  perfecting  all  patents  and 
grants,  and  even  of  investigating  controversies,  such  as  the  Bargrave  and  Martin 
cases  and  the  dispute  as  to  the  seal  and  coat  of  arms." 

The  other  officers  performed  such  duties  as  usually  pertain  to  those  who  hold 
the  corresponding  titles.'* 

As  the  business  of  the  company  increased  additional  officers  were  chosen,  as 
those  for  the  control  and  execution  of  the  lotteries  and  of  the  tobacco  contract:  while 
the  custom  of  I'eferring  important  matters  to  special  committees  grew  rapidly,  until 
in  the  later  years  many  duties  were  transferred  to  them  from  the  council,  and  even 
from  the  auditors.     In  this  way  such  affairs  as  the  securing  of  men  to  send  to  the 

"MS.  Records  of  the  Virginia  Company  of  London,  Court  Book,  Vol.  I,  Nov.  17,  1619;  Nov.  .3, 
1619;  June  28,  1620. 

bibid.,  I,  May  2,  1621. 

<:Ihid,  I,  June  24,  1619;  Dee.  15,  1619;  Feb.  2,  1619/20;  Feb.  16,  1619/20;  May  23,  1620.  For  a 
discu.ssion  of  the  seal  of  the  company,  see  Cooke,  "Clayborne  the  Rebel,"  in  the  .\fngaziue  of 
Ammccin  Tlistory,  New  York,  Vol.  X  (18S;i);  and  also  Baxter,  "Great  Seal  of  the  Council  for  New 
England"  in  Ibid.,  Vol.  XI  (1SS4). 

<<A  report  of  the  committee  appointed  to  describe  the  "particular  duties"  of  the  several  officers 
is  among  the  Manchester  papers.  It  is  incorporated  in  the  published  "Laws  and  Orders."  List  of 
Records,  No.  106. 


74  INTRODUCTION 

colony,  the  provisioning  of  ships,  the  hearing  of  petitions,  the  investigating  of  claims, 
the  sending  of  maids  to  the  colony,  the  planning  for  new  settlements  and  industries, 
the  representing  of  the  interests  of  the  company  in  Parliament,  the  defending  of  the 
company  in  the  suit  of  the  quo  warranto  were  intrusted  to  special  committees." 

METHODS   OF   PROCEDURE 

In  order  to  secure  legality  of  action,  the  "Orders  and  Constitutions"  were 
read  at  one  quarter  court  each  year,  since  in  those  meetings  the  measures  of  great 
importance  were  determined.*  That  the  forms  and  usages  followed  in  other  com- 
mercial companies,  in  other  corporate  bodies,  and  in  Parliament  greatly  influenced 
the  decisions  of  the  company  is  seen  in  the  following  illustrations:  The  question 
as  to  the  entry  in  the  minutes  of  the  names  of  dissenters  or  of  reasons  disallowed 
by  the  court  except  by  special  order  was  thus  settled  according  to  the  practice 
in  Parliament;  to  prove  that  individual  adventurers  would  not  be  liable  for  the 
debts  of  the  company  in  the  management  of  the  tobacco  magazine,  decisions  were 
cited  both  in  a  case  involving  the  corporation  of  Norwich,  and  in  the  insolvency 
of  the  Muscovy  Company;  when  the  question  arose  as  to  salaries  in  the  tobacco 
business  involving  £100,000,  the  precedent  furnished  by  all  joint  stocks  of  no  greater 
capital  than  £7,000  was  brought  forward;  the  custom  of  private  corporations  as 
well  as  of  judicial  bodies  of  imposing  a  fine  upon  any  man  who  spoke  against  the 
judge  or  the  court  was  urged  \>y  Lord  Brooke  as  a  proper  action  to  be  taken 
against  Samuel  Wroth.''  Elections  were  conducted  by  ballot,  except  for  the  council, 
in  which  case,  as  in  all  other  matters,  the  will  of  the  court  was  determined  by  an 
"erection  of  hands." 

The  reward  for  services  rendered  by  the  ofl3cers  was  determined  by  the  court 
and  set  down  in  the  Orders  and  Constitutions.  The  annual  payment  to  the  secre- 
tary was  £20,  to  the  beadle  £40,  to  the  husband  £50,  and  to  the  bookkeeper 
£50.  Although  the  chief  officials  and  committees  received  no  salary,  at  the  expira- 
tion of  the  year's  term  of  office  it  was  customary  to  award  20  acres  of  land  in 
Virginia  to  each  individual,  with  the  provision  that  such  land  should  not  be  sold. 
The  company  similarly  rewarded  individuals  who  had  rendered  great  service,  but 
sometimes  it  granted  shares  of  stock  instead,  or  agreed  to  transport  for  the  indi- 
vidual a  certain  number  of  men  free  of  charge.  Shares  thus  given  could  not  be  sold 
below  par  value  of  £12  10s. "*     Each  share  carried  with  it  the  privilege  of  a  vote  in 

"■Cmirt  Book,  July  13,  December  15,  1619;  March  2,  1619/20;  June  26,  July  7,  12,  November  15, 
December  13,  1620;  July  3,  October  7,  November  6,  1622. 
i>Ibid.,  I,  Jan.  31,  1619/20. 

elbid.,  II,  Dec.  11,  1622;  Jan.  14,  1623;  Feb.  4,  1622/23;  Dec.  11,  1622. 
dJbid.,  I,  June  28,  1620;  November  15,  1620;  May  2,  1621. 


VNDER  TEE  SANDYS-BOVTHAMPTOy  ADMmiSTRATIOy  75 

the  courts  and  the  receipt  of  100  acres  of  land  in  Virginia  on  the  first  division,  with  a 
similar  amount  on  the  second  division  providing  the  first  section  had  been  peopled. 
In  addition,  the  sending  of  a  man  to  the  plantation  before  midsummer  of  1625 
entitled  the  adventurer  to  50  acres  of  land  on  each  division.  If  a  planter  had 
adventured  his  person  only,  after  three  yeai's'  residence  in  the  colony  the  company 
gave  him  one  share  of  stock;  or  if  a  resident  in  England  had  sent  a  man  to  the 
colony  who  had  remained  there  three  years,  the  one  who  bore  the  charge  was  simi- 
larly rewarded.  Through  reward  or  by  purchase  an  individual  might  thus  own  land 
and  not  possess  stock,  but  he  might  secure  the  latter  within  three  years  by  '"plant- 
ing" or  peopling  his  land.  The  result  was  that  there  were  five  classes  of  individuals 
connected  with  the  company. 

(1)  The  old  adventurer  who  had  paid  at  least  £12  10s.  for  a  share  of  stock, 
and  who  thus  owned,  rent  free,  at  least  100  acres  of  land  after  the  first  division 
which  took  place  in  1616. 

(2)  The  new  adventurer  who  had  exactly  the  same  privileges,  except  that  after 

seven  years  he  must  pay  12d.  to  the  company  for  each  50  acres  gained  by  ti-ans 
poi'tation  of  settlers. 

(3)  The  adventurer  who  received  a  share  of  stock  for  service  or  for  adventure 
of  person  and  who  would  have  the  privileges  of  an  old  or  of  a  new  adventurer 
according  to  whether  he  received  the  award  before  or  after  1619. 

(4)  The  individual  who  had  received  a  grant  of  land  for  service  or  who  had 
purchased  land  and  had  not  yet  gained  the  grant  of  shares  of  stock  by  adventure 
of  his  pei'son  or  by  sending  out  planters. 

(5)  The  individual  who  had  purchased  land  of  a  debtor  of  the  company  and 
could  not  become  free  of  the  courts  until  the  debts  were  paid. 

It  will  thus  be  seen  that  ownership  of  land  and  possession  of  freedom  of  the 
company  were  not  always  coexistent,  but  that  each  involved  the  possibility  of  the 
other."  No  assessments  were  ever  levied  upon  the  shareholders,  the  first  sugges- 
tion of  such  a  course  coming  from  the  Privy  Council  in  July,  1623.* 

RECORDS   PROVIDED    FOR   BY    THE    COMPANY 

The  company  was  thus  a  body  of  adventurers,  who  had  gained  the  freedom 
of  the  company  by  payment  of  money,  by  rendering  a  service,  or  by  settlement 
of  land  in  Virginia.  It  was  presided  over  by  a  treasurer  chosen  by  itself  at  will, 
and  conducted  all  of  its  business  through  its  regularly  elected  oflicers  or  coumiittees, 
or  by  special  committees.     According  to  the  "Orders  and  Constitutions"  it  kept 

""Orders  and  Constitutions:"  List  of  Records,  No.  183.     Court  Book,  1,  May  •>,  1621;  June  28, 
1620;  Nov.  15,  1620. 

blbid.,  II,  July  9,  1623. 


76  INTRODUCTION 

a  complete  record  of  its  actions  in  the  courts  and  compelled  its  officers  and 
committees  to  do  the  same.  Provision  was  thus  made  for  six  books  which  were 
to  contain  the  following  records: 

(1)  Copies  of  the  letters  patents,  and  also  of  all  letters,  orders,  and  directions 
from  the  King  and  his  council,  as  well  as  the  replies  of  the  company'. 

(2)  The  laws  and  standing  orders  passed  in  quarter  courts  for  the  company 
and  for  the  colony. 

(3)  A  register  of  all  patents,  charters,  and  indentures  of  validity  granted  by 
the  company,  of  all  instructions  issued  by  the  council,  and  of  all  public  letters 
sent  to  or  received  from  Virginia. 

(4)  The  acts  of  the  general  courts. 

(5)  The  acts  of  the  committees;  invoices  of  provisions  sent  to  Virginia  by 
the  company;  the  certificates  of  the  receipts  to  be  returned  from  Virginia;  invoices 
of  goods   sent  from  Virginia  with   the  husband's  certificate  of   receipt  or  defect. 

(6)  The  names  of  adventurers,  by  payment  of  money  or  bj'  rendering  service, 
to  whom  shares  of  land  had  been  given,  together  with  the  number  of  shares 
belonging  to  each  person;  the  lawful  transfers  of  shares  from  one  to  another; 
the  names  of  His  Majesty's  council  for  Virginia. 

(6a)  The  names  of  all  planters  in  Virginia  on  the  public  and  on  the  private 
plantations  separately,  based  on  the  certificates  from  the  governor  and  council  in 
Virginia  and  from  the  heads  of  each  plantation." 

All  of  these  books  were  in  the  custody  of  the  Secretary,  and  were  to  be 
kept  in  the  company's  chest,  together  with  the  originals  of  the  letters  patents 
and  all  other  papers.  In  his  custody  also  were  the  husband's  books  of  accounts 
of  every  voyage  to  Virginia,  all  accounts  approved  by  the  auditors,  the  canceled 
and  uncanceled  charter  parties,  and  all  bonds  issued  to  the  company. 

The  proof  of  the  care  with  which  the  company  kept  its  records  is  found  in 
the  contemporary  copy  of  the  court  book,  and  in  a  few  scattering  originals  and 
copies  of  originals  which  are  presei'ved  among  the  Ferrar  and  Manchester  papers 
and  in  the  British  Museum.  That  all  of  the  books  required  by  the  orders  and 
constitutions  were  really  kept  can  not  be  proved,  since  not  a  page  nor  a  copy  of 
a  page  of  many  of  them  is  known  to  be  extant;  but  the  copy  of  the  court  book 
serves  as  an  evidence  that  the  laws  were  as  carefully  obeyed  in  this  respect  as 
in  others.  The  references  in  the  minutes  to  many  of  these  records,  the  inser- 
tion of  many  of  them  in  the  copy  of  the  court  book,  and  the  continual  provision 
for  supplementary  records  all  go  to  show  that  the  "Orders  and  Constitutions" 
furnish  a  reliable  outline  of  the  I'ecords  kept  by  the  company. 

"  A  note  of  such  a  list  of  men  sent  to  Virginia  during  the  time  of  Sir  Thos.  Smythe  is  among 
the  Manchester  papers.     List  of  Records,  No.  443. 


UNDER  THE  8ANDY8-80VTHAMPT0y  ADMINISTRATIOy  77 

The  books  which  the  courts  added  to  the  list  of  records  from  time  to  time 
reveal  an  increasinj^  effort  to  conduct  the  business  in  an  orderly  manner.  Imme- 
diately upon  assuming  his  duties  as  treasurer,  Sir  Edwin  Sandys  instituted  an 
investigation  of  the  accounts  of  Sir  Thomas  Smythe.  In  this  connection  four 
books  and  four  rolls  were  prepared  containing  the  subscriptions,  which  had  been 
made  for  carrying  on  the  business,  and  a  list  of  the  adventurers  with  the  sums 
invested  during  the  previous  years.  The  treasurer  made  a  similar  request  of 
the  deputy,  John  Ferrar,  on  September  18,  1620,  in  which  he  asked  that  the 
secretary  and  Mr.  Carter  should  make  three  catalogues  of  the  adventurers 
indebted  to  the  company  in  order  that  they  might  be  given  to  a  solicitor  for 
collection.  He  throws  light  upon  the  customary  carelessness  by  urging  that  the 
lists  should  be  made  "from  the  company's  books  and  not  from  memory,'"  lest 
many  a  £12  10s  should  be  lost." 

On  May  17,  1620,  three  books  of  the  deputy  were  audited.  The  first  contained 
an  account  of  the  money  disbursed  for  provisions,*  the  second,  a  catalogue  of  the 
provisions  sent  to  the  colony,  and  the  third,  a  list  of  the  names  of  the  per.sons 
dispatched  to  the  plantation  with  the  trade  of  each.  Because  of  the  erection  of 
private  plantations  in  later  years  it  was  necessary  that  these  records  should  be 
supplemented.  Hence  an  order  of  court  provided  that  the  names  of  all  persons 
transported  to  Virginia  should  be  reported  to  the  company  and  that  a  bookkeeper 
should  be  appointed  to  be  at  the  house  of  the  court  to  register  the  names  before 
the  departure  of  every  ship.  This  record  was  to  consist  of  the  name,  age,  country, 
profession,  and  kindred  of  each  individual  and  was  to  state  at  whose  charge  the 
transportation  was  effected.  Contrary  to  custom  each  person  was  required  to  pay 
a  fee  for  registration.  A  duplicate  of  the  register  was  to  be  sent  to  the  Governor 
of  Virginia,  but  the  names  of  those  departing  were  not  to  be  made  public  until 
after  the  ship  had  sailed.'' 

Provision  was  made  in  1620  for  keeping  duplicates  of  all  patents  issued. 
A  part  of  this  series  is  now  deposited  in  the  British  Museum,  from  which  the 
various  kinds  of  patents  and  the  terms  for  each  maybe  discovered.''  A  registra- 
tion of  all  shares  passed  from  one  member  of  the  company  to  another  was  ordered 
on  November  19,  1621,  and  such  a  book  was  to  be  used  as  evidence  of  the  right 
to  be  admitted  to  courts.  Other  records  added  from  time  to  time  were  a  book 
containing  the   rates  of   commodities, ■'   a   register   of   all   petitions   to  the   court, 

"List  of  Records,  No.  211. 

'  Two  warrants  are  preserved  among  the  Ferrar  papers,  one  addressed  to  the  Earl  of  Southamp- 
ton and  one  to  Deputy  John  Ferrar.     List  of  Records,  p.  149,  Noa.  25S,  259. 
«  Court  Book,  II,  Nov.  18,  1622. 
dAnte,  p.  67.     "Order  of  Court,"  I,  June  26,  1620. 
'Court  Book,  I,  Dec.  13,  1620;   Jan.  31,  1620,21. 


78  mTBODUCTION 

with  the  action  thereupon,"  and  a  record  of  all  covenants  between  adventurers 
and  indentured  servants,  a  copy  of  which  was  to  be  sent  to  the  governor  of 
Virginia.*  The  rolls  signed  by  adventurers  must  have  been  numerous.  Nine  are 
mentioned  in  the  court  book  on  July  24,  1621,  in  addition  to  others  cited  at 
various  times.'' 

With  the  increase  in  trade  and  the  establishment  of  the  company  magazines 
new  measures  were  adopted  for  controlling  the  business.  These  often  consisted 
of  separate  documents  rather  than  books.  A  statement  was  thus  required  of  the 
deputy  certifying  that  the  freight  had  been  paid  before  any  goods  should  be 
delivered,  and  invoices  were  also  demanded  of  the  cape  merchant.''  Copies  of 
such  certiticates,  as  also  of  the  accounts  of  the  treasurer  of  the  various  joint 
stock  investments  for  the  glass  works  and  for  the  fur  trade,  were  kept  in  the 
company's  chest.* 

THE  EXTANT  RECORDS— THE  COURT  BOOK 

HISTOKT    OF   THE    CONTEMPORARY    COPT 

The  paucity  of  the  actual  extant  documents  of  the  company  has  made  the 
circumstances  of  the  transcription  of  the  court  book  the  more  interesting  and 
its  authenticity  the  more  important. 

As  the  growing  controversy  between  the  two  factions  of  the  company  resulted 
in  serious  accusations  of  mismanagement  by  sundrj'  adventurers  and  planters,  the 
Crown  soon  appointed  a  commission  to  investigate  the  affairs  of  the  company,  with  a 
consequent  sequestering  of  all  of  the  company's  court  books  in  May,  1623.-'"  The 
clear  mind  of  Nicholas  Ferrar  immediatel}'  foresaw  the  danger  of  a  seizure  of  the 
documents  of  the  company,  and  appreciating  full  well  the  value  of  the  "court  books, 
registers  and  writings,  instructions,  letters,  etc.,"  as  political  papers  and  also  as 
evidences  of  the  possession  of  land  and  investment  of  capital,  upon  their  return  by 
the  Privy  Council,  he  "did  fairly  copy  out  all  the  court  books,  etc.  (which  cost 
50")  and  carried  them  to  the  noble  Earle  of  Southampton." s' 

a  Court  Book,  II,  Oct.  23,  1622. 
iJUd.,  II,  Nov.  18,  1622;  Nov.  20,  1622. 
clbid.,  I,  May  8,  1622;  II,  July  4,  1623. 
<IIbid.,  I,  Apr.  3,  1620. 

'Ibid.,  I,  Jan.  16,  1621-22;  Feb.  27,  1621-22. 
/  Court  Book,  II,  May  14,  1623. 

?"Some  directions  for  the  collecting  materiall  for  the  writing  the  life  of  Nich:  Ferrar,"  a  manu- 
Bcript  in  the  Cambridge  University  Library,  Mm.  1.46  (Baker  35),  pp.  389-432,  especially  p.  392. 


UNDER  THE  SANDYS-SOUTHAMPTON  ADMINISTRATION  79 

During  the  following  year  the  activities  of  Nicholas  Ferrar,  as  well  as  the 
attention  of  other  members  of  the  company,  must  have  been  under  great  .strain. 
The  time  not  taken  in  attendance  "twice  or  thrice  a  week""  upon  the  Privy 
Council,  and  in  the  attempts  to  defend  the  company  against  the  charges  of  "abuse 
of  its  privileges,"  was  evidently  devoted  to  supervising  the  transcript  of  the  com- 
pany's records.  The  attestation  at  the  end  of  each  volume  shows  that  the  tirst 
was  completed  January  28,  1623'4,  and  the  second  June  19,  1624.*  This  was  none 
too  soon,  for  just  a  week  later  the  Privy  Council  ordered  Deputy  Ferrar  to  bring 
to  the  council  chamber  all  patents,  books  of  accounts,  invoices  of  the  company, 
and  lists  of  settlers  in  the  colony,  to  be  retained  by  the  Privy  Council  chest 
until  further  notice.'^  A  commission  had  been  appointed  two  days  before  to  take 
into  their  hands  all  "charters,  letters  patent,  grantes  and  instructions,  bookes, 
orders,  letters,  advices  and  other  writings  concerning  the  company."''  The  com- 
pany urged  in  these  words  that  the  council  should  permit  the  books  to  remain  invio- 
late: "So  by  this  meanes  [that  is,  by  the  transcripts]  have  the  Original  Court 
bookes  yet  escaped  purging:  And  w""  all  duety  wee  humbly  beseech  yo''  Lop°  that 
they  may  hereafter  be  protected  from  it:  And  that  howsover  yo"'  Lop'  shall  please 
for  the  future  to  dispose  of  the  Companie,  that  the  records  of  their  past  Actions 
may  not  be  corrupted  &  falsified."  Further,  when  the  council  demanded  that  the 
Earl  of  Southampton  should  surrender  to  the  commissioners  his  copies  of  the 
records,  before  he  sailed  for  the  Netherlands  in  August,  he  sent  them  word,  "that 
he  would  as  soon  part  w'"  the  evidences  of  his  Land,  as  w""  the  said  copies,  being 
the  evidence  of  his  honour  in  that  Service."'' 

How  these  transcripts  were  made,  and  especially  what  became  of  them  at  that 
time,  and  where  they  remained  for  the  following  half  centurj'  can  be  a  matter  of 

«Peckard,  Memoim  of  the  Life  of  Mr.  Nicholas  Ferrar,  pp.  89-167. 

''According  to  the  attestation  two  full  courts  were  omitted,  May  30,  1620,  and  June  1,  1622,  and 
also  a  part  of  May  20,  1620.  The  Robinson  abstracts  comprise  a  little  more  than  about  one-half  of  the 
original  records  and  are  much  more  complete  for  the  later  years  when  the  controversy  with  the  King 
over  the  tobacco  contract  and  the  abuses  of  the  company  was  being  carried  on.  The  part  of  the 
court  book  which  reveals  most  with  regard  to  internal  organization,  commercial  activity,  and  inner 
life  of  the  company  is  not  included  in  these  abstract*.  Thus  such  data  as  that  which  concerns  the 
trouble  with  Spain  over  the  Treasurer,  the  suit  with  William  Wye,  the  accusations  again.st  Samuel 
Argall,  the  old  magazine,  the  Pierce  patent,  and  many  other  private  grants  are  not  included.  More- 
over, a  comparison  of  the  publication  with  the  original  manuscript  shows  that  the  John  Randolph  of 
Roanoke  copy  was  used  almost  exclusively,  and  many  inaccuracies  have  resulted. 

'■Order  of  the  Privy  Council,  June  26,  1624:  List  of  Records,  No.  GS9. 

''The  commission  was  sealed  July  15,  1624:  Ibid.,  No.  701. 

"■For  these  quotations  see  Discourse  of  the  Old  Compaiii/  of  Mrginia  addressed  to  the  Djrds  of  the 
Pricy  Council,  April,  1625.  List  of  Records,  No.  759. 

16455— VOL  1—06 6 


80  INTRODUCTION 

conjecture  only,  based  on  the  divers  statements  of  contemporary  authorities.     These 
are  three  in  number: 

(1)  The  Discourse  of  the  Old  Company  of  Virginia  addressed  to  the  Privy 
Council,  May,  1625. 

(2)  The  Memoirs  of  the  Life  of  I^icholas  Ferrar  hy  Dr.  Peckard  in  1790. 

(3)  A  Shwt  Collection  of  the  Most  Reinarkable  Passages  from  the  originall 
to  the  dissolution  of  the  Virginia  Company,  by  Arthur  Woodnoth,  written 
between  1635  and  16J:5,  and  printed  in  1651  by  Richard  Cotes.'' 

The  Discourse  of  the  Old  Company  gives  much  the  same  history  of  the 
records  as  does  Dr.  Peckard.  The  facts  set  forth  by  the  latter  were  taiien  froui 
the  "Memoirs  of  Nicholas  Ferrar"  by  his  brother  John,  about  1654,  and  therefore 
this  work  may  be  considered  as  based  on  contemporary  authority.  According  to 
Dr.  Peckard,  Nicholas  Ferrar,  knowing  that  malice  was  at  work,  procured  a 
clerk  to  copy  out  all  the  court  books  and  other  writings  and  caused  them  to  be 
carefullj^  collated  with  the  original.  It  cost  him  the  sum  of  £50,  which  he  thought 
was  the  best  service  he  could  render  the  company.  After  the  seizure  of  all  the 
muniments  of  the  company,  and  after  Lord  Treasurer  Middlesex  had  procured 
sentence  against  the  company,  Mr.  Ferrar  informed  Sir  Edward  Sandys  and  others 
of  what  he  had  done.  These  men  were  greatly  rejoiced  and  advised  that  the  copies 
be  taken  to  the  Earl  of  Southampton,  who  was  so  overcome  that  he  is  said  to  have 
embraced  Mr.  Ferrar  and  to  have  declared  that  he  valued  them  as  an  evidence  of  his 
honor  more  than  as  evidences  of  his  land.  John  Ferrar  is  quoted  as  having  stated 
that  the  Earl  of  Southampton  was  advised  not  to  keep  these  records  in  his  house 
:uid  so  delivered  them  to  Sir  Robert  Killigrew,  who  left  them  on  his  death  to  Sir 
Edward  Sackville,  the  Earl  of  Dorset.  Mr.  Ferrar  continues  that  the  Earl  of  Dor- 
set died  in  1652,  but  he  hopes  the  records  are  still  in  the  possession  of  the  Earl's 
family.  * 

Certain  it  is  that  Dr.  Peckard  had  a  large  collection  of  manuscripts  which 
concerned  the  Virginia  Company,  some  of  which  must  be  considered  a  part  of  the 
records  of  the  company,  for  such  were  the  Ferrar  papers  described  above  which 
Dr.  Peckard  bequeathed  to  Magdalene  College,  Cambridge.  That  some  of  them,  at 
least,  came  from  the  Earl  of  Dorset's  famil}'  is  to  be  concluded  from  the  statement 
of  Dr.  Peckard  that  the  "Duke  had  had  his  library  searched  and  found  a  few  loose 
papers,  which  he  sent  to  him."'"    Some  of  them  doubtless  belonged  to  Dr.  Peckard's 

"This  pamphlet  ia  in  the  volume  entitled:  Co-py  of  a  Petition  from  Tlif  Governor  and  Company  of  the 
Sommer  Islands,  vith  Annexed  Papers,  presented  to  the  Right  Honorable  The  Councel  of  Slate  July  the  19th, 
1651.     London,  Printed  for  Edward  Husband,  1651. 

6  Peckard,  pp.  155-156. 

«See  discussion  of  the  Ferrar  papers,  pp.  5y  ff.,  ante. 


UNDER  THE  fiANDY.y-SODTBAMPTON  ADMINISTRATION  81 

wife,  Martha  Ferrar.  But  the  story  of  the  purchase  of  the  two  volumes  from  the 
estate  of  the  Duke  of  Southampton  V)y  Colonel  William  Byrd  in  1673  or  16S8  for 
60  guineas  has  firm  credence  through  statements  of  Mr.  Byrd  himself;  and  there 
is  no  evidence  that  they  came  from  the  Earl  of  Dorset's  family.  That  they  were 
sent  to  Tichfield  by  the  Earl  of  Southampton  before  he  sailed  for  the  Netherlands 
and  there  remained  until  his  son's  library  was  sold  after  his  death  in  16G7  seem.s 
probable.  Perhaps  some  of  the  other  records  went  to  Sir  Robert  Killigrew,  as 
stated  by  John  Ferrar,  and  even  some  from  which  these  copies  were  made. 

The  statement  by  Woodnoth,  who  was  a  nephew  of  Nicholas  Ferrar,  that  Sir 
John  Danvers  had  the  transcripts  of  the  records  made  in  order  to  keep  out  of 
the  way  an  indigent  man  who  had  been  employed  by  the  company  as  a  copyist 
and  who  might  be  persuaded  to  say  something  ill  of  Sandys  and  of  Southampton, 
does  not  bear  the  stamp  of  truth  or  even  of  probability.  There  may  have  been  a 
copy  made  by  Danvers,  but  the  internal  evidence  reveals  that  the  existing  volumes 
in  the  Library  of  Congress  were  not  transcribed  by  any  one  man,  and  that  the 
work  was  accomplished  under  the  personal  direction  of  Nicholas  Ferrar." 

DESCRIPTION   OF  THE   CONTEMPORART   COPY 

The  contemporary  copies  of  the  court  books,  which  are  now  in  the  Library  of 
Congress  and  which  may  well  be  called  the  Ferrar  copies,  consist  of  two  volumes  of 
large  quarto  size  well  bound  in  rough  calf.  About  1898  the  books  were  boxed,  that 
is,  repaired  with  new  backs  without  disturbing  the  sewing.  The  old  labels  were 
pasted  on  the  new  backs  and  bear  the  title  in  gold  letters  on  red  leather:  Record  of 
the  Virgin:  /  Compan:  ,  while  gold  letters  on  black  leather  indicate  the  volume: 
Vol.  /  I.  /  and  Vol.  /  II.  /  .  In  the  first  volume  raanila  strips  are  pasted  from  the 
inner  cover  to  the  first  and  to  the  last  fly  leaf  in  order  to  strengthen  the  binding. 
The  paper  is  of  the  seventeenth  century  type,  hand-made  and  uneven  in  texture.  In 
the  first  volume  there  are  three  hundred  and  fifty-four  pages,  with  five  fl}-  leaves  in 
the  front  and  seven  in  the  back,  while  the  second  contains  three  hundred  and 
eighty-seven  pages  preceded  by  three  fly  leaves  and  followed  by  four,  with  two 
extra  manila  pages  in  both  the  front  and  back.  The  pencil  entries  on  the  first 
leaf  of  the  first  volume  are  as  follows:  "Records  of  the  Virginia  Company  of 
London./  Vol  I.  April  28,  1619  to  May  8,  1622.  /  Vol  2.  May  20,  1622  to'june 
7,  1627./    The  above  title  in  hand  of  /  Mr.  A.  R.  Spoflord  '  Sig. :  H.  F[riedenwald] » 

"  A  Short  Collection  of  the  Most  Remarkable  Passages  from  the  originall  to  the  Jissolutio»  of  the 
Virginia  Company,  pp.  17-18.  The  description  here  given  of  Southampton's  attitude  on  receiving 
the  bookfi  is  similar  to  that  given  by  Dr.  PeckarJ. 

f>  Mr.  Si)offord  was  the  Librarian  of  Congres.s  from  1864  to  1897.  Mr.  Friedeuwalil  was  in  charge 
of  the  Division  of  Manuscripts  from  1897  to  1900. 


82  INTRODUCTION 

Oct.  11 ;  97./  ".  On  the  inside  of  the  front  cover  of  the  second  volume  in  an  unknown 
modern  autograph  i.s:  "  p.  366  cf  with  p.  71  v  3,"  "  and  on  the  first  manila  leaf:  "  May 
20,  1622  /  to  ;  June  7,  162i." 

The  discovery  of  the  Ferrar  papers  has  made  it  possible  to  make  a  final  state- 
ment both  as  to  the  method  of  the  transcription  of  the  documents  and  as  to  its 
accuracy,  for  the  autographs  there  found  of  Nicholas  Ferrar  and  also  of  his 
clerk  or  business  agent  in  his  private  accounts  prove  indisputably  that  these  two 
men  supervised  and  carried  on  the  copying  of  the  volumes.'  Particularly  in  the 
second  volume,  where  there  are  many  entries  of  reports  of  committees,  projects, 
objections,  letters,  petitions,  declarations,  and  relations  by  the  company  or  by 
individuals,  the  headings,  the  initial  words,  even  the  first  line  of  each  document,  and 
sometimes  entire  documents  are  in  the  autograph  of  Nicholas  Ferrar.  The  rest 
of  the  insertion  is  usually  by  his  assistant,  who  was  perhaps  Thomas  Collett,  his 
nephew.  All  of  the  insertions  in  the  first  volume  and  about  twenty  in  the  second 
are  entirely  in  the  so-called  Collett  autograph,  numbering  about  the  same  as  those 
superintended  by  the  deputy  himself.  The  way  in  which  these  insertions  are  often 
crowded  in,  is  evidence  that  they  were  copied  from  the  original  documents  in  spaces 
left  for  the  purpose  by  the  hired  copyist. ■■ 

As  to  the  identity  of  the  other  three  or  four  distinct  autographs,  in  which 
the  remaining  part  of  the  volumes  appear,  nothing  has  been  determined.  The 
first  and  third  copyists  are  distinctly  different  in  style,  while  what  appears  as 
the  writing  of  a  fourth  and  a  sixth  clerk  may  possibly  be  identical  with  that  of 
the  first.  With  the  exception  of  the  autograph  of  Nicholas  Ferrar,  the  whole  is 
clearly,  carefully,  and  legibly  written  in  the  characteristic  running  hand  of  the 
period,  resembling  the  chancery  hand.  The  spelling,  capitalization,  and  abbrevia- 
tions are  distinctive  and  characteristic  of  each  copyist.  The  use  of  curved  lines 
to  complete  blank  spaces  at  the  end  of  the  line,  and  often  at  the  bottom  and  top  of 
the  page,  shows  the  labor  expended  to  make  the  transcript  accurate  and  complete. 
The  memoranda  at  the  end  of  the  volumes  declare  that  the  transcript  had  been 
carefully  collated  with  the  original  "courte  booke"  and  with  the  authentic  docu- 
ments by  the  secretaries,  Edward  Waterhouse  and  Edward  Collingwood,  in  the 
first  volume,  and  by  Thomas  Collett  and  Edward  Collingwood  in  the  second.  That 
the  insertions  were  copied  from  the  original  documents  is  shown  by  the  statement 

a  The  letter  on  page  366  is  identical  with  that  on  page  71  of  the  fragile  seventeenth  century  papers 
referred  to  above  as  Vol.  Ill,  pt.  ii,  of  the  Records  of  the  Virginia  Company. 

ii  For  examples  of  the  autograph  of  Nicholas  Ferrar  and  of  that  of  his  assistant,  Thomas  Collett  (7), 
see  the  plates  in  this  volume. 

(■For  the  documents  thus  inserted  in  the  Court  Book  see  List  of  Records  under  "Keference." 
For  an  illustration  of  the  insertion  of  the  documents  see  the  plates  in  this  volume. 


UNDER  rniC  HAXDYS-SOVTHAMPTOX  ADM IMHTUATIO'S  83 

in  the  memorandum  of  volume  II  that  in  two  instances  the  letters  had  been  mLssing 
for  purpose  of  collation.  Many  pages  reveal  the  corrections  of  errors  or  omissions 
of  the  copyist.  In  most  instances  this  was  done  by  Edward  CoUingwood  himself, 
though  sometimes  b}'  Thomas  Collett."  At  the  bottom  of  each  page  is  the  signature 
"Cone  Collingwood,"  the  abbreviation  standing  for  concordat,  as  is  shown  b\' the 
word  appearing  as  "Concord:"  on  page  three  hundred  and  fifteen  of  the  tirst 
volume.* 

In  addition  to  this  internal  evidence  of  accurac}',  further  proof  of  the  care  with 
which  the  books  were  transcribed  is  found  among  the  Ferrar  papers.  The  records 
of  four  courts  were  there  discovered,  which  are  almost  identical  with  those  of  the 
same  date  in  the  Library  of  Congress  volumes.''  The  only  diti'erences,  and  these 
are  not  numerous,  are  those  which  would  naturally  result  from  the  fallibility  of  the 
copyist,  and  the  apparent  custom  of  the  time  to  ignore  the  orthography  of  the 
original.  One  is  led  to  believe  that  these  loose  pages  of  courts  form  a  part  of  the 
book  from  which  the  copy  was  made.  Tliis  is  shown  by  the  use  of  larger  letters  to 
emphasize  certain  words,  and  by  Edward  Collingwood's  corrections  of  the  Library 
of  Congress  copj^  to  make  it  conform  to  these  drafts.  Even  the  omission  of  one  or 
two  lines  in  the  Ferrar  copy,  later  corrected,  can  be  accounted  for  by  reference  to 
these  sheets,  since  in  each  case  it  has  resulted  from  the  .same  word  occurring  in  the 
same  place  on  two  successive  lines.  Furthermore,  the  directions  in  the  margin  of 
these  courts  as  to  where  certain  documents  were  to  be  entered  were  followed  in  the 
transcript  and  seem  to  point  to  these  as  a  part  of  the  original  minutes.  The 
autograph  of  the  court  held  on  June  25  is  identical  with  that  of  the  first  copyist 
of  the  transcript,  while  the  courts  of  July  4  and  July  9  were  apparently  written  b}- 
the  sixth  copyist  of  the  transcript.  Among  the  Ferrar  papers  are  two  drafts  of  a 
resolution  concerning  the  "LoTfer  speach  touching  M"' Alderm.  Johnson,"  which 
was  entered  in  the  court  book.  One  is  a  rough  draft  written,  altered,  and  corrected 
by  Edward  Collingwood,  and  bearing  the  above  indorsement  b\-  the  writer  and  a 
similar  indorsement  by  John  Ferrar.  The  other  draft  is  in  the  autograph  of  the 
sixth  copyist  of  the  court  book,  following  the  above,  and  is  attested  b\-  Edward 
Collingwood.  The  transcript  in  the  court  book  is  identical  with  the  latter,  but 
the  vote  is  omitted;  the  substance,  however,  is  given  after  the  discussion  follow- 

«For  the  evidence  that  the  correction,s  are  by  Edward  Collingwood,  compare  the  autographs 
as  shown  in  the  plates  of  Vol.  II,  post. 

6  Signatures  of  Edward  Collingwood  may  also  be  found  in  the  Public  Record  Otiice  among 
the  Stale  Papers  Colonial,  II,  Nos.  10-11,  13,  19  (II,  III).  His  signature  is  reproduced  from  the 
first  Plymouth  Patent,  June  1,  1621,  in  the  Massachusetts  Historical  Collfctiom,  Series  4,  Vol.  II,  p.  163. 

cComparethe  plates  in  Vol.  II,  post.  These  courts  are  dated  March  7,  1622/3,  July  4,  1623, 
July  9,  1623,  January  25,  1623/4. 


84  INTRODUCTION 

ing  the  presentation  of  the  resolution.  Thus  they  seem  rather  to  have  been  di'afts 
of  a  resolution  which  had  been  presented  than  of  one  prepared  to  be  offered. 
Comparison  between  these  records  of  courts  and  a  draft  of  a  Somers  Islands  court, 
in  the  same  collection,  leads  to  the  conclusion  that  they  do  not  form  a  part  of  the 
blotter  or  blurred  book  from  which  the  original  book  was  made,  since  the  latter 
are  much  corrected  and  altered  and  then  canceled  diagonally  from  corner  to  corner;" 
but  are  rather  a  part  of  the  original  book  itself.  The  reliability  of  the  Library  of 
Congress  transcripts  is  also  confirmed  liy  collating  them  with  the  original  documents, 
or  with  other  copies  of  the  documents,  which  are  inserted  in  the  court  book,  and  these 
careful  comparisons  have  shown  how  accurately  Edward  Collingwood  and  his 
assistants  conducted  the  work  for  Nicholas  Ferrar.* 

THE  SYSTEM  OF  KEEPING  THE  COURT  BOOK 

The  system  by  which  the  minutes  of  the  courts  were  kept  is  thus  outlined  in 
the  minutes;  the  court  book  was  first  drawn  up  by  the  secretary,  was  approved  by 
the  deputy,  and  later  accepted  or  corrected  by  the  court. '^  That  there  must  have 
existed  a  "Blurr  booke"  in  addition  to  the  various  reports  or  other  documents 
offered  in  any  court  is  proved  by  an  extract  from  a  memorandum  by  Sir  Nathaniel 
Rich,  which  is  a  warrant  requiring  all  records  of  the  court  to  be  brought  to  the 
commissioners  on  Virginia,  and  includes  the  "Court  Bookes  w""  should  warrant 
the  sd  Record',  and  the  Blurr  bookes  w''"  should  warrant  the  Court  Booke  and 
is  the  first  ground  of  the  Record';  that  it  may  [be]  discouered  whether  there  be 
any  difference  betweene  them."''  The  entries  in  the  court  book  are  the  minutes 
of  all  the  various  courts,  of  several  meetings  of  the  Somei's  Islands  Company, 
and  of  one  meeting  of  the  committees. 

Introducing  each  court  is  a  list  of  the  adventurers  in  attendance.  A  comparison 
of  the  number  with  the  number  of  votes  cast  as  recorded  shows  that  these  are 
quite  complete  for  the  quarter  courts,  but  in  the  ordinary  courts  either  the 
attendance  was  very  small  or  the  entry  was  incomplete,  since  the  list  is  often 
terminated  with  the  expression  "and  divers  others."  It  was  sometimes  entered 
later  than  the  transcript  of  the  bod}'  of  the  text,  as  though  from  a  book  of 
attendance,  but  no  mention  of  a  roll  book  is  found  among  the  records.  This  part 
of  the  book  alone  furnishes  a  valuable  comment  upon  the  social  classes  interested 
in  the  undertaking  and  from  it  may  be  gained  a  knowledge  of  the  faithfulness 

a  Post,  Plates  in  Vol.  II. 

*For  any  variations  of  importance,  see  footnotes  to  documents  in  tlie  "Court  Book,"  post,  I,  II. 

0  Court  Book,  I,  Dec.  11,  1622. 

''List  of  Records,  No.  465. 


UNDER  THE  HAXDYIi~,SOVTHAMPTON  ADMINIHTRATION  85 

of  the  members  and  especially  of  the  factions  which  developed  toward  the  close 
of  its  history. 

The  order  of  business  does  not  seem  to  have  been  regular.  The  approval  of  the 
previous  court  is  usually  recorded  first,  although  many  times  this  is  deferred  until 
the  quarter  court;  then  follows  the  report  of  the  treasurer,  through  which  the 
important  matters  to  be  determined  are  presented  to  the  court,  and  the  hearing  of 
petitions,  passing  of  shares,  and  grants  of  land  appear  at  the  end  of  the  session. 

In  the  ordinary  courts  were  propounded  all  of  those  matters  which  did  not 
require  action  in  the  general  court  and  often  many  measures  for  preliminary  dis- 
cussion which  were  postponed  for  final  action  to  the  fuller  court.  Thus  the  records 
of  the  common  courts  and  also  of  the  preparative  courts  usually  contain  the  full 
reports  and  discussions  of  the  various  subjects,  while  the  statements  in  the  quarter 
courts  are  brief  and  perfunctory,  embodying  the  decisions  reached  in  the  lesser 
courts.  The  reports  of  officers,  from  which  so  much  concerning  the  financial  status 
is  to  be  learned,  are  entered  in  the  minutes  of  the  general  court.  To  trace  the  course 
of  any  question  necessitates  a  search  through  all  of  the  courts,  but  in  the  quarter 
courts  will  be  found  the  elections  and  the  final  action  on  all  laws  and  ordinances,  on 
the  patents  for  private  plantations  or  monopolies,  or,  in  short,  on  all  measures  bv 
which  the  company  would  be  bound  for  a  term  of  years. 

CONTENTS  OF  THE  COURT  BOOK 

The  business  recorded  during  the  first  two  years  of  the  Sandj's  administration 
concerned  the  establishment  of  laws  and  orders  in  the  company  and  in  the  colon}-, 
the  systematizing  of  methods,  the  formation  of  joint  stock  companies  for  the  erection 
of  new  industries  in  Virginia,  and  the  opening  up  of  new  adventures.  But  after  the 
massacre  early  in  the  year  1622,  the  whole  tone  of  the  book  changes.  Personal  feuds 
and  (juarrels,  complaints,  and  accusations  fill  the  pages.  Whether  the  friction  was 
due  to  the  extreme  distress  brought  about  by  the  attack  of  the  Indians  or  whether  it 
was  but  the  excuse  for  open  opposition  by  the  party  of  the  Crown,  which  had  been 
rapidly  developing,  is  difficult  to  determine.  From  the  spring  of  1622  until 
February,  1622/3,  the  burden  of  the  record  concerns  the  tobacco  contract  with  the 
Crown.  It  resulted  in  the  discussion  of  salaries  for  the  officers  and  the  quarrel 
with  Samuel  Wroth,  which  occupied  the  attention  of  the  company  for  three  months. 
Then  followed  the  Butler  and  Johnson  accusations,  the  investigation  by  the  Crown, 
and  the  dissolution  of  the  company.  It  is  literally  true  that,  after  June,  1622,  no 
new  measures  for  trade,  for  industry,  or  for  commerce  are  entered  in  the  court  book. 
There  was  the  usual  transferring  of  shares  and  hearing  of  petitions  and  claims,  but 
the  business  activity  was  evidently  destroj'ed.     That  the  colony  could  survive  the 


86  INTRODUCTION 

massacre  and  continue  its  development  with  so  little  encouragement  from  the  pro- 
prietor is  evidence  of  the  strong  foundation  laid  during  the  governorship  of  Sir 
George  Yeardley. 

From  the  court  hook  it  would  be  possible  to  reconstruct  a  part  or  the  whole 
of  some  of  the  other  records.  A  list  of  all  of  the  ships  departing  or  arriving 
with  the  names  of  the  masters  could  thus  be  drawn  up,  but  the  terms  of  the 
charter  party  could  not  be  determined."  A  full  statement  of  the  shares  of  stock 
granted  or  transferred,  of  the  land  assigned  for  adventure  or  for  service,  and  of  the 
private  plantations  erected  could  be  given.  Even  a  partial  (inancial  account  could 
be  rendered,  though  not  an  itemized  statement.  The  larger  sums  invested  or 
received  from  the  various  sources  are  usually  given  in  the  treasurer's  plans  and  the 
officers'  reports,  although  unfortunately  only  those  of  the  treasurer  and  deputy  are 
entered  in  full.  But  from  scattered  statements  in  plans,  reports,  and  discussions, 
from  grants,  patents,  suits,  letters,  petitions,  and  claims  will  come  much  that  will 
illuminate  the  financial  situation  when  these  are  gathered  together. 

The  full  record  of  all  documents  for  which  record  was  not  provided  elsewhere 
was  made  in  the  court  book.  Plans,  reports  of  committees,  and  reports  of  chief 
officers  seem  to  have  been  entered  in  full,  but  letters  to  and  from  the  colony,  and  to 
and  from  the  privy  council,  petitions  with  the  action  thereupon,  charter  parties, 
grants  for  monopolies,  lists  of  departing  planters,  expenditures  and  receipts  of  the 
magazines,  and  rolls  of  adventure,  were  all  recorded  in  the  other  books  provided  by 
the  "Oi'ders  and  Constitutions"  or  in  the  books  created  later.  A  single  illustration 
will  suffice.  Of  the  twenty -seven  letters  sent  to  the  colony  and  received  from  the 
colonj',  copies  of  many  of  which  have  been  found  among  the  papers  in  Virginia,  but 
(if teen  are  mentioned  in  the  court  book,  and  only  a  few  are  spread  in  full  upon  the 
minutes.  A  great  many  more  documents  are  entered  in  the  court  book  during  the 
later  years,  due  evidently  to  the  desire  to  keep  a  record  of  the  controversy'  which 
might  serve  as  a  defense  against  the  accusations  of  the  malcontents.  That  many  of 
these  were  not  entered  in  the  original  court  book  is  revealed  by  the  marginal  notes 
in  the  extant  court  minutes  of  the  Ferrar  papers,  which  read  as  follows:  "Enter  the 
quietus  est,"  "Enter  the  resolution,"  and  other  similar  directions. 

The  court  book  is  not  only  a  source  of  information,  but  it  also  serves  as  a  guide 
to  the  other  records  of  the  company.  That  all  of  the  twenty-one  documents  men- 
tioned but  not  entered  in  the  court  book  have  been  found  in  other  collections  is 
most  important  and  interesting.  These  include  some  of  the  publications  of  the 
company,  most  of  the  correspondence  of  the  company  with  the  King  and  with  the 

"The  terms  in  general  are  given  in  the  Presidents  for  PatenU  in  the  British  Museum.  List  of 
Enoords,  Nos.  256,  257.  266, 267, 268, 276, 277,  and  278. 


UNDER  THE  HAKUYH-HOVTHAMPTOy  ADM  IN  I  ST  RAT  ION  87 

colony,  many  of  the  orders  of  the  Privy  Council,  the  Admiralty  suits  of  the  com- 
pany, the  laws  passed  in  the  colony,  the  charter  granted  to  the  colony,  and  the  forms 
for  patents  used  by  the  compan}'.  There  are  thirteen  documents  entered  in  the 
court  book  which  are  on  record  elsewhere,  consisting  of  declarations  or  I'eports  which 
were  published  by  the  company,  petitions  and  letters  to  the  King,  and  orders  of  the 
King's  council.  But  thirty  most  valuable  documents  are  spread  upon  the  minutes 
which  have  not  yet  been  discovered  among  other  papers.  These  include  a  few  peti- 
tions to  the  King,  many  petitions  received  bj'  the  company,  a  number  of  letters  from 
and  to  the  colonj^  the  propositions  brought  forward  in  the  attempt  to  form  a  tobacco 
contract  with  the  King,  the  plans  propounded  by  the  treasurer  for  the  advancement 
of  the  enterprise,  and  the  declarations  of  the  state  of  the  affairs  of  the  company  and 
of  the  colony  by  the  same  officer. " 

THE  EXTANT  SUPPLEMENTARY  RECORDS 

DOCUMENTS    OUTLINING    THE    ACTIVITY   OF   THE    COMPANY 

The  organization  and  the  method  of  procedure  of  the  company  have  been 
outlined,  in  order  to  enable  the  reader  to  comprehend  the  nature  of  the  records,  and 
thi'ougli  them  the  machinery  by  which  it  conducted  its  internal  affairs;  but  there  is  a 
wider  and  more  important  tield  to  consider.  The  real  interest  in  the  company  comes 
from  its  activity  in  carrying  on  trade  and  in  developing  the  re:50urces  and 
government  of  the  colony.  Again,  the  starting  point  must  be  the  court  book,  not 
only  as  a  guide  to  the  records  which  it  kept  in  executing  its  purposes,  but  in 
discovering  what  activities  are  to  bo  traced.  Two  kinds  of  documents  afford  the 
clearest  outline  of  the  subject;  in  one  are  the  reports  which  the  treasurer  offered  to 
the  company  and  which  are  spread  upon  the  minutes;  in  the  other  are  the  printed 
declarations  and  broadsides  which  the  company  issued  for  the  purpose  of  securing 
interest,  contidcnce,  and  investment  in  the  undertaking.  With  the  same  motive  it 
reprinted  treatises  and  published  sermons  which  had  been  delivered  before  the 
company. 

The  first  report  of  Sir  Edwin  Sandys  after  he  became  treasurer  was  offered 
on  November  3,  1619,  in  which  he  thus  defined  his  policy:  The  resources  of  the 
company  were  to  be  augmented  by  settling  and  developing  the  company's  land  and 
by  increasing  the  number  of  industries  to  be  established,  an  action  which  must 
advance  the  plantation  from  a  colony  for  exploitation  into  a  colony  for  settlement. 
The  report  begins  with  a  statement  of  the  number  of  men  which  had  been  transported 

oAU  of  these  documents,  whether  entered  in  the  court  book  or  not,  are  cited  in  the  List  of 
Records,  and  are  also  referred  to  by  foot  notes  in  this  edition  of  the  court  book. 


88  lyTRODVCTION 

by  the  company  for  the  college  land  and  for  the  public  land  during  the  8Uinmer  and 
continue.s  with  propositions  to  the  same  effect,  by  which  300  additional  persons 
should  be  sent  to  the  colony,  100  of  whom  were  to  be  maids  for  wives  and  100  to  be 
apprentices  or  servants  from  the  city.  The  other  measures  discussed  are  indicative 
of  the  development  which  rapidlj'  took  place.  First  of  these  was  the  effort  to 
establish  other  commodities  in  Virginia  and  restrain  the  excessive  production  of 
tobacco;  the  second  was  the  encouragement  of  a  spirit  of  local  patriotism  in  the 
colony.  The  treasurer  urges  that  men  should  be  sent  from  the  low  countries  to 
raise  fortifications  for  the  colony,  stating  that  the  colonists  were  willing  to  bear  the 
charges  of  the  work  since  they  had  recently  been  encouraged  by  the  charters  and 
grants  of  liberties.  The  dependence  of  the  company  upon  the  lotteries  for  an 
income  and  the  care  to  arrange  for  an  economical  transportation  of  the  men  are 
indications  of  the  financial  polic}'  and  status  of  the  colony.  The  income  of  the 
lottery  is  estimated  at  i;3,500,  and  the  total  expense  of  perfecting  the  plan  submitted 
is  placed  at  £-lr,000  or  £5,000. 

Six  months  later  the  treasurer  made  his  annual  report,  which  revealed  to  what 
extent  his  plans  had  been  executed.  It  was  issued  as  a  broadside  under  the  date  of 
the  court  in  which  it  was  delivered  and  describes  the  state  of  the  colon}-  from  April, 
1618,  to  April,  1019,  taken  from  a  general  letter  to  the  company,  and  then  proceeds  to 
outline  the  successful  activity  of  the  colony  during  the  succeeding  j-ear.  It  empha- 
sizes the  erection  of  private  plantations,  the  number  of  men  sent  to  the  company's 
land,  the  commodities  provided  for — there  being  ten  instead  of  two  as  in  the  former 
year — the  interest  in  the  care  of  religion  and  education  in  the  colony,  and  the  stable 
financial  condition  of  the  company.  The  general  receipts  amounted  to  £9,831  14s  lid 
and  the  disl)ursements  were  £10,431  14s  Old.  but  the  surplus  in  the  college  fund  more 
than  exceeded  this  deficiency,  the  receipts  from  that  source  being  £2,043  02s  ll^d  and 
the  expenditures  £1,477  15s  5d.  The  lottery  was  reported  to  have  an  increase  in  stock 
over  the  previous  year  of  £1,200.  Although  not  re-elected  treasurer,  the  financial 
management  remained  in  the  hands  of  Sir  Edwin  Sandys,  as  is  proved  b}'  the  entries 
of  his  plans  in  the  court  book  and  })y  his  private  letters  to  John  Ferrar.  A  scheme 
outlined  in  the  court  of  July  7,  1620,  is  practically  the  measure  put  forth  in  the 
printed  declaration  of  June  22, 1620,  and  proposes  a  continuation  of  the  policy  stated 
above. 

The  printed  documents  of  1619  and  1620  add  but  little  to  the  plans  revealed  in  the 
treasurer's  reports  concerning  the  activity  of  the  company,  although  the  measures 
taken  to  advance  the  comfort  of  the  planters  and  of  the  tenants  upon  arrival  in 
Virginia,  the  establishment  of  many  private  plantations,  and  the  encouragement 
given  to  the  self-government  of  the  colony  are  brought  out  more  clearly.  After  the 
note  of  the  shipping  in  1621,  so  far  as  is  known,  there  were  no  propositions  issued 


UNDER  THE  SANDYS-SOUTHAMPTON  ADMINISTRATION  89 

by  the  company.  This  was  due  to  the  massacre  which  paralyzed  the  efforts  of  the 
company  for  a  time  and  forced  upon  it  publications  of  defense  and  excuse  or 
directions  of  warninfj.  While  the  company  was  torn  by  dissension,  after  l(>2ii  the 
colony  slowly  but  steadily  advanced.  The  proprietor  was  no  longer  active,  and  the 
center  of  interest  is  therefore  transferred  from  the  courts  in  London  in  which  the 
plans  had  been  conceived  to  the  settlement  in  which  thej-  were  maturing. 

The  various  publications  of  the  company  afford  not  only  an  understanding  of  the 
measui-es  proposed,  but  also  of  their  execution.  Thej^  were  in  themselves  a  means  of 
carrying  out  its  schemes.  Before  1622  five  of  these  advertisements  were  issued  by 
the  companj'.  The  broadside  bearing  the  date  May  17,  1620,  is  a  full  statement  of 
the  prosperous  condition  in  the  colony,  setting  forth  the  abilitj-  of  the  colony  to 
receive  newcomers  in  its  guest  houses,  newly  built  in  each  of  the  four  ancient 
boroughs  and  in  the  other  plantations,  and  describing  the  measures  provided  to  sus- 
tain ministers  in  each  borough.  It  states  the  number  of  men  who  had  been  sent  to 
the  public  land,  with  the  provisions  allowed,  and  describes  fully  the  efforts  which 
had  been  made  to  establish  six  industries  in  the  colony." 

A  book  of  great  importance  was  issued  by  the  company  in  June  of  the  same 
year  containing  a  series  of  declarations.'  There  were  at  least  two  editions  in  the 
year  1620,  having  variations  in  the  title  page;  in  the  first  edition  the  pages  are 
numbered  according  to  each  pamphlet  and  the  imprint  is  "T.  S.,"  while  in  the 
second  the  pagination  is  consecutive  from  1  to  92  and  the  imprint  is  that  of  Thomas 
Snodham.  The  latter  varies  also  in  the  orthography  of  the  word  "colony  "  in  the  title. 
The  former  was  probably  the  first  edition  and  was  composed  of  pamphlets,  each  of 
which  may  have  been  issued  separately,  and  seems  to  have  been  reissued,  with  an 
additional  pamphlet  concerning  a  division  of  land  in  Virginia,''  in  which  the 
signature  is  consecutive.  Copies  of  the  flrst  issue  of  the  first  edition  of  the  "Decla- 
rations" are  in  the  Harvard  Library  and  in  the  New  York  Public  Library  ("No. 
1"),  but  the  only  copy  of  the  second  issue  is  in  the  John  Carter  Brown  Librarv 
(copy  "A").  The  copies  in  the  British  Museum,  the  Cambridge  University 
Library j**  the  Library  of  Congress,  the  John  Carter  Brown  Library  (copy  "B"), 
and  the  New  York  Public  Library  (Thomas  Addison  Emmet  Collection,  "No.  2") 
are  identical  and  are  evidently  the  first  issue  of  the  second  edition.  The  copies  in 
the  New  York  Public  Library  and  in  a  private  collection  in  New  York  are  probably 
a  second  issue  of  the  second  edition,  having  four  additional  pages  and  containing  a 

a  List  of  Records,  No.  174. 

bJbid.,  No.  183. 

<;  The  pamphlet  must  have  been  printed  in  1616.     An  imperfect  copy  is  in  the  British  Museum. 

<*  This  copy  is  evidently  imperfect,  since  it  lacks  pages  91  and  92. 


90  INTRODUCTION 

declaration,  "  Bj'  his  Maiesties  Councell  for  Virginia,"  dated  November  15,  1620." 
Tiie  pagination  and  the  signature  are  consecutive  but  the  style  of  type  is  changed. 
The  pamphlets  included  in  all  editions  are  as  follows: 

(1)  "By  his  Maiesties  Counseil  for  Virginia."  This  is  a  declaration  of  the 
industries  which  have  been  established,  of  the  good  government  which  has  been 
formed  in  the  colony  so  that  it  "begins  to  have  the  face  and  fashion  of  an  orderly 
State,"  and  of  the  purpose  of  the  company  in  the  division  of  land. 

(2)  "A  Note  of  the  Shipping,  Men  and  Prouisions  sent  to  Virginia,  by  the 
Treasurer  and  Company  in  the  yeere  1619." 

(3)  "A  Declaration  of  the  Supplies  intended  to  be  sent  to  Vii'ginia  in  this 
yeare  1620.     18  Julij,  1620." 

(4)  "The  Names  of  the  Aduenturers,  with  their  seuerall  summes  aduentured 
*  *  *  paid  to  Sir  Thos.  Smith,"  to  "Sir  Baptist  Hicks,"  and  to  "Sir  Edwin 
Sandys." 

(5)  "Orders  And  Constitutions,  *  *  *  for  the  better  gouerning  *  *  * 
of  the  said  Companie     *     *     *     Anno  1619,  and  1620." 

Some  light  is  thrown  upon  these  publications  b}'  the  court  book,  in  which 
provision  for  four  similar  pamphlets  was  made  between  November,  1619,  and  June, 
1620,  as  follows: 

(1)  An  advertisement  for  laborers,  approved  to  be  published  on  November  17, 
1619. 

(2)  A  publication  which  should  confute  the  slander  as  to  the  barrenness  of  the 
soil  in  Virginia,  ordered  November  22. 

(3)  A  list  of  the  names  of  adventurers  with  the  sums  adventured,  ordered  to  be 
drawn  up  by  the  treasurer  and  Dr.   Winstone,  December  15.' 

(4)  An  apology  for  Virginia,  ordered  to  be  printed  June  23,  1620.  On  June  26 
and  28  it  was  provided  that  the  standing  orders  should  be  printed  and  annexed  to 
the  book  to  be  given  to  all  memVjers  by  order  of  the  council. 

The  conclusion  seems  valid  that  these  pamphlets  are  the  ones  included  in  the 
book  and  that  they  first  appeared  at  various  times,  but  that  finally  in  June,  1620,  they 
were  collected,  the  fourth  one  added,  and  the  volume  published  under  the  date  of 
the  latter. 

The  publication  of  this  declaration  in  four  different  issues  during  the  j'ear  1620 
indicates  the  interest  which  Sir  Edwin  Sandys  had  aroused  in  the  measure,  as  well  as 

"Thia  is  copy  No.  3  in  the  New  York  Public  Library.  The  copy  in  the  private  Hbrary  is 
evidently  the  Smyth  of  Nibley  volume,  secured  from  the  Cholmondely  papers  through  Bernard 
Quaritch. 

6  Such  a  list  of  adventurers  is  among  the  Manchester  papers.     List  of  Records,  No.  58. 


UNDER  THE  SANDYH-fiOVTHAMPTON  ADMINISTRATION  91 

the  virility  of  the  company,  while  reference  to  the  book  in  much  of  the  corre- 
spondence of  the  day  reveals  the  same  attitude  toward  the  venture.  In  order  to 
promote  the  silk  industry  a  pamphlet  entitled  "  Ohservations  to  he  foUoimd  for 
making  of  fit  roomes  for  silk  wori^nes^^  written  by  Banoeil,  was  translated  under  the 
patronage  of  the  company  toward  the  end  of  the  year  1(520."  It  contains  a  pamphlet 
called  "A  Valuation  of  the  Commodities  growing  and  to  be  had  in  Virginia:  rated 
as  they  are  worth,"  in  which  is  presented  the  astonishing  list  of  49  articles.  The 
natural  commodities  which  did  not  require  especial  cultivation,  such  as  varioas  kinds 
of  fish,  furs,  woods,  shrubs  and  berries,  were  of  course  included.  But  this  proof  of 
rapid  development  in  the  industrial  habits  and  occupations  of  the  colonists  is  most 
important,  and  the  note  of  the  shipping  of  the  same  year  and  the  one  in  1621  are 
confirmatory.  In  the  former  is  the  statement  of  the  number  of  men  sent  for  each  of 
four  industries,  and  in  the  latter  a  similar  declaration.  The  rapid  transportation 
of  settlers  and  the  development  of  private  plantations  in  these  two  years  is  as  sur- 
prising. Thus  in  1620  six  ships  with  600  persons  were  sent  to  the  colony,  and  -iun 
more  settlers  were  to  be  sent  at  once,  of  whom  500  were  destined  for  the  com- 
pany's land.  The  next  year  the  number  of  ships  dispatched  increased  to  twenty -one 
and  the  number  of  persons  to  1,300,  while  the  number  of  patents  for  private 
plantations  grew  from  six  to  twenty-six. 

During  the  year  1622  the  books  printed  by  the  company  were  much  less  valuable, 
although  more  numerous,  there  being  seven  in  all.  The  Declaration  of  the  state  of 
the  Colony  of  Virginia  with  the  Relation  of  the  Massacre  of  the  English,  hy  the 
Natiue  hifi, dells  with,  the  names  of  those  that  were  Massacred,  by  Edward  Waterhouse, 
was  more  concerned  with  the  disaster  than  with  the  previous  development  of  the 
plantation.  *  A  broadside  is  inserted  in  the  copy  of  this  declaration  in  the  John 
Carter  Brown  Librar}',  entitled  "Virginia  Inconveniences,""^  which  was  published 
separately  and  Avas  a  set  of  directions  with  regard  to  the  provisions  which  each  person 
should  have  before  sailing  for  the  colony.  This  included  apparel,  victuals,  household 
implements,  arms,  sugar,  spice,  and  fruit  for  consumption  at  sea,  and  nets,  hooks, 
lines,  and  a  tent  for  large  numbers.  The  declaration  was  made  that  for  its  own 
tenants  the  Virginia  Company  followed  the  proportionate  provision  as  set  forth  in 
this  broadside.  It  is  at  once  an  advertisement  for  new  tenants  and  a  warning  against 
the  dangers  which  had  wrought  dissatisfaction  and  brought  complaints  to  the  com- 
pany.    Two  sermons  and  two  treatises  were  published  in  the  same  year:  one  of  the 

"  This  translation  was  ordered  in  an  ordinary  court  on  November  15,  1620,  and  was  reported  ready 
for  the  press  on  December  13.  In  the  same  courts  there  is  a  discussion  of  the  prices  of  comni0i.litie8 
prochiced  in  Vir};inia.     List  of  Records,  p.  LS8,  Nog.  150,  151. 

''  List  of  Records,  p.  152,  No.  293. 

c77)iU.  No.  292. 


92  INTRODUCTION 

latter  was  a  reprint  of  Banoeil's  book  on  silk  worms,  including  a  letter  of  encourage- 
ment from  the  King  and  one  of  advice  from  the  treasurer,  which  were  intended  to 
promote  the  industry  of  silk  as  opposed  to  that  of  tobacco;"  the  other  treatise  was 
by  John  Brinsley  and  was  an  encourageiueiit  for  the  advancement  of  learning  and 
the  foundation  of  schools.  *  Of  the  same  character  was  a  four-page  pamphlet,  which 
was  published  in  the  same  year,  declaring  the  sums  which  had  been  collected  "towards 
the  building  of  a  free  schoole  in  Virginia."'' 

A  number  of  general  works  were  approved  by  the  company  in  the  courts  or  were 
accepted  and  rewarded.  Thus  the  proposition  by  Smith  to  write  a  history  of  Vir- 
ginia on  April  12,  1621,  seems  to  have  been  acceptable  to  the  adventurers,  while 
George  Rugh,  who  had  rendered  service  to  the  Virginia  council  by  writing  a  treatise 
on  government,  was  publicly  eulogized  upon  his  bequeathing  £100  to  the  company 
for  the  education  of  infidels'  children.''  Edward  Bennett  was  admitted  to  the  com- 
pany as  a  reward  for  a  treatise  against  the  importation  of  tobacco  from  Spain,  and 
the  chronicler,  Howes,  was  granted  12  pounds  of  tobacco  as  a  yearly  payment  for  his 
references  to  Virginia/ 

A  number  of  works  were  suggested  in  the  courts  of  which  we  have  no  trace  or 
which  can  not  be  identified  as  appearing  under  other  titles.  To  what  the  companj'^ 
referred  when  it  petitioned  the  Archbishop  of  Canterbury  for  permission  to  publish 
the  book  which  he  had  prohibited  is  unknown.-'^  The  printed  book  proposed  by  Sir 
Edwin  Sandys  on  November  -i,  1620,  in  which  he  wished  to  defend  the  lotteries  and 
to  hasten  the  dispatch  of  persons  to  Virginia,  may  have  been  the  declaration  of  the 
shipping  in  1620,  but  it  is  not  mentioned  again  in  the  court  book.  In  1021  three  other 
proposed  publications  failed  to  be  executed,  so  far  as  is  known,  the  tirst  of  which  was 
a  treatise  on  the  government  of  Virginia  by  Thomas  Bargrave."  The  second  was  a 
defense  of  the  company,  and  concerned  the  health,  trade,  and  manners  of  the  colony, 
and  the  third  considered  the  defects  and  remedies  of  Virginia  and  discussed  the  food, 

«The  first  suggestion  of  a  reprint  of  this  book  came  in  a  court  of  October  31,  1621,  but  it  was  not 
until  September  5  of  the  year  following  that  the  book  was  ordered  to  be  printed,  including  the  two 
letters.  List  of  Records,  No.  347.  The  sermons  were  Virginia'g  Ood  be  Thanked,  by  Patrick  Copland, 
1622,  and  one  by  John  Donne.     See  List  of  Records,  Nos.  312,  375. 

6  An  order  of  court,  December  19,  1621,  provided  for  an  expression  of  gratitude  to  John  Brinsley 
and  an  appointment  of  a  committee  to  peruse  and  report  upon  his  work.  On  January  16  the  com- 
mittee was  granted  additional  time,  and  Patrick  Copland  was  asked  to  review  the  book  and  report  tc 
the  company.     List  of  Records,  No.  291. 

c  List  of  Records,  No.  289. 

<1  Cmirt  Book,  II,  November  20,  1622. 

f/ftjU,  I,  April  12,  1621. 

f  Thid.,  I,  July  18,  1620. 

'J  Ibid.,  I,  February  22,  1620/21. 


UNDER  THE  SANDYB-SOUTHAMPTON  ADMINISTRATION  93 

health,  fortifications,  wealth,  and  religion  of  the  colony."  In  the  following  year  an 
attempt  was  made  to  collect  the  "binding  laws  which  had  been  ratified  in  courts" 
and  to  add  them  to  the  printed  books,  but  it  seems  to  have  failed,  since  no  trace  of 
such  a  publication  has  been  found,  and  no  final  action  is  recorded  in  the  court  book.* 

DOCUMENTS    REVKALING    THE    MOVEMENTS   FOR   TRADE   AND   INDUSTRY 

The  printed  advertisements  between  1619  and  1621  were  successful  in  .securing 
the  capital  with  which  to  carry  on  the  enterprise.  It  now  remains  to  discover  how 
the  trade  was  conducted  and  controlled,  how  the  plantation  was  developed  and 
governed,  and  how  the  business  was  finally  destroyed. 

The  income  which  enabled  the  company  to  provide  for  new  industries  in  16iy 
and  1620  was  derived  from  the  £12  10s.  paid  by  each  new  adventurer  for  each  new 
share  of  stock,  and  fi'om  the  lotteries.  Special  collections  and  particular  gifts  for  the 
advancement  of  religion  and  of  education  in  the  colony  were  frequent,  and  thus  the 
account  and  management  of  the  college  land  became  important.  Before  the  intro- 
duction of  freedom  of  trade  into  the  colony,  and  the  dissolution  of  the  old  magazine 
on  January  12,  1619  20,  the  company  had  some  profit  from  that  monopoly,'^  but  the 
ease  with  which  returns  came  from  the  lotteries  had  doubtless  led  the  company  to 
abolish  the  monopoly  of  trade  which  had  become  so  difficult  to  maintain.  That  the 
company  depended  on  the  lotteries  is  indicated  by  the  following  statements  in  the 
court  book:  On  December  1, 1619,  the  lotteries  were  continued  until  summer  because 
there  was  no  other  means  of  securing  money,  and  the  plan  put  forth  for  the  devel- 
opment of  the  colony  on  July  7, 1620,  provided  that  the  estimated  expense  of  £17,800 
should  be  met  by  the  income  from  the  lotteries,  which  would  amount  to  £18,000. 
Information  concerning  the  organization  for  conducting  the  lottery  is  wanting. 
Books  and  rolls  and  catalogues  of  prizes  are  referred  to  but  have  not  been  found.'' 
Tims  the  only  documents  which  throw  light  on  the  system  outside  of  the  court  book 
are  the  records  of  the  suit  of  the  Virginia  Company  against  William  Leveson,  an 
agent  for  the  lottery  in  1613,  which  discloses  that  books  and  rolls  had  been  kept,  and 
that  a  house  for  the  lottery  had  been  erected  and  furnished  "at  the  west  end  of  St. 
Paules  Church;"  a  proclamation  by  the  King  for  the  overthrow  of  the  lottery  on 
March  S,  1620,21;  and  a  few  letters  solicting  investments.'' 

The  investments  b}'  the  company  during  the  period  of  the  lotteries  followed 
three  lines — the  old  magazine,  the  planting  of  the  public  and  the  college  lands  in 

"Court  Book,  I,  April  12,  June  11,  13,  1621. 

bibid.,  I,  November  19,  21,  1621;  Marcli  13,  1621/22. 

clhid.,  I,  July  7,  1619. 

'Ilhid.,  I,  June  24,  1619;  January  12,  1619/20. 

'Lisl.  oi  Kei'ui-iia,  Nos.  28,  29,  71,  78. 


94  INTRODUCTION 

Virginia,  and  the  erection  of  industries  for  the  production  of  certain  commodities. 
The  court  book  is  the  onlv  source  of  information  with  regard  to  the  old  magazine, 
in  which  the  company  through  its  general  stock  of  the  company  had  invested  more 
than  twice  as  much  as  any  other  adventurer.  Hence,  during  the  last  half  of  the  year 
1619,  it  made  every  effort  to  gain  an  account  and  secure  a  settlement  of  that  adventure. 
The  discussion,  which  resulted  in  the  adoption  of  free  trade  to  the  colony,  reveals  the 
system  used  for  the  control  of  the  magazine,  indicates  to  a  slight  degree  the  income 
which  the  company  had  had  from  that  joint  stock,  and  incidentally  shows  that  it  had 
some  returns  from  the  public  lands  in  Virginia."  The  numbers  of  men  sent  to  the 
company's  land  and  their  equipment  are  given  in  the  printed  declarations,  in  the 
I'eports  of  the  treasurer  spread  on  the  minutes,  and  in  the  discussions  recorded  in 
the  court  book,  and  although  the  sums  invested  for  the  purpose  are  not  recorded, 
the  statement  was  made  by  Sir  Edwin  Sandys  that  800  men  were  sent  through  the 
income  from  the  lottery.  The  transportation  of  dissolute  persons  in  the  year  1619 
to  meet  the  command  of  the  King,  and  the  settlement  of  boys  and  girls  on  the 
company's  land  previous  to  1622,  were  other  means  used  to  people  the  public  and 
college  lands.* 

Five  commodities  enumerated  in  the  broadside  of  May  17, 1620,  were  established 
by  action  of  the  court.  No  record  is  extant  of  the  exact  nature  of  the  investment, 
but  it  appears  f I'om  the  court  book  to  have  been  chiefly  an  investment  from  the  general 
stock.  The  movement  for  monopoly  of  certain  industries  rather  than  a  monopoly 
of  all  trade  began  during  the  latter  part  of  the  year  1620,  and  as  a  result  the  records 
deal  extensively  with  plans  for  the  sole  importation  of  tobacco,  b}'  which  a  joint 
stock  of  £15,000  was  to  be  raised  to  carry  out  what  is  known  as  the  "  Somerscales 
plan." 

The  overthrow  of  the  lotteries  carried  consternation  to  the  company.  An 
income  was  essential  with  which  to  send  out  settlers  to  develop  the  soil  or  to  create 
new  industries,  but  the  general  stock  was  so  low  that  the  company  could  not  even 
carrj'  out  its  plans  for  glassworks.  Finally,  after  several  months  of  discussion, 
recourse  was  had  to  special  adventure  or  new  joint  stock  companies  for  special 
undertakings,  controlled  by  a  treasurer  who  should  be  elected  by  the  adventurers  in 
the  scheme.  Thus  followed  the  creation  of  a  series  of  magazines  for  the  erection  of 
a  glass  furnace,  for  the  establishment  of  a  fur  trade,  for  sending  maids  for  wives, 
and  for  supplying  a  magazine  for  apparel.  The  records  of  these  ventures  are  to  be 
found  only  in  the  court  book,  and  the  data  there  given  is  very  insufficient.  This,  of 
course,  meant  no  advantage  to  the  general  stock,  and  the  companj'  was  forced  to 
discover  means  for  securing  returns  from  the  general  investment  and  an  income  with 

a  Cmirt  Hook,  I,  June  24,  28,  July  7,  13,  November  3,  Deeembi-r  15,  1619. 
bibid.,  December  23,  1019;  January  12,  February  2,  1619/20;  July  3,  1622. 


UNDER  TBE  SANDYS-SOUTHAMPTON  ADMINISTRATION  96 

which  to  develop  the  company's  land.  Hence,  private  plantations  were  organized, 
and  private  patents  and  monopolies  for  the  industry  of  pitch  and  tar,  for  ironworks, 
for  new  discoveries  were  granted,  while  special  commissions  for  trade  along  the  coast 
and  for  fishing  added  to  the  revenue.  With  the  exception  of  the  movement  for 
private  plantations  and  for  the  sole  importation  of  tobacco,  but  few  records  exist 
outside  of  the  court  book  to  reveal  these  vigorous  endeavors  to  reap  the  results  of 
the  great  investments  in  the  earlier  years."  The  grants  for  private  plantations  to 
individuals  or  groups  of  individuals,  called  hundreds,  commenced  as  early  as  1616, 
but  increased  rapidly  during  and  after  1621,  there  being  entries  in  the  court  book  of 
over  fifty  patents  granted  in  four  years,  which  provide  for  the  transportation  of  at 
least  100  men  each  and  often  for  four  times  as  many.  The  system  by  which  each 
hundred  in  Virginia  and  the  adventurers  for  the  hundred  in  England  was  organized 
is  to  be  found  in  the  court  book  and  in  the  extant  records  of  the  companies.  The 
minutes  of  one  meeting  for  Martin's  Hundred  and  one  for  Smythe's  Hundred,  and 
the  forms  for  patents  deposited  in  the  British  Museum,  in  addition  to  about  seventy 
papers  of  Berkeley  Hundred,  afford  a  very  satisfactory  reconstruction  of  the  terms  of 
agreement,  the  expenses,  the  provisioning,  the  form  of  government,  the  instructions 
issued  to  the  captain  or  governor  of  the  hundred,  and  the  terms  of  settlement  with 
tenants  and  servants.  The  adventures  of  Lord  Zouch  and  Lord  La  Warr  in  1617 
and  1618,  and  of  the  Walloons  and  French  in  1621,  complete  the  series  of  which  any 
record  exists.* 

But  the  private  grants  did  not  promise  suiBcient  income  to  meet  the  great 
demands  for  supplies  from  the  general  stock  which  the  massacre  of  1622  brought 
about.  As  a  result  the  company  turned  to  the  income  from  tobacco,  regardless 
of  its  high  purposes  and  its  endeavors  to  enforce  the  production  of  other  com- 
modities. This  feeling  of  the  importance  of  a  contract  for  the  sole  importation  of 
tobacco  took  such  a  strong  hold  upon  the  company  that  from  May,  1622,  until 
its  dissolution,  just  a  year  later,  nothing  else  worth  mentioning  is  recorded  in  th6 
court  book,  while  the  quarrel  concerning  the  salaries  to  be  paid  for  the  manage- 
ment of  the  £100,000  to  be  invested  in  this  project  monopolized  the  attention 
of  several  courts.  In  addition  to  the  record  of  an  entire  year  in  the  court  book, 
numerous-  memoranda  of  various  estimates  of  the  value  of  the  tobacco  monopoly 
to  the  Crown  and  to  the  company  are  deposited  among  the  Manchester  papers 

"The  discussions  in  the  Court  Book  with  regard  to  the  magazine,  the  development  of  commodities, 
and  private  plantations  will  be  found  through  the  Index  under  those  headings. 

6  For  the  documents  on  Berkeley  Hundred  see  the  Smyth  of  Nibley  Papers  in  the  New  York 
Public  Library,  which  are  cited  in  the  List  of  Records.  See  also  Nos.  71,  72,  76,  77,  82,  227,  264, 
735.  These  are  really  records  of  the  private  companies  and  fall  under  class  VI  in  the  List  of  Re<'ords. 
Among  the  forms  for  patents  in  the  British  Museum  is  that  granted  to  Martin's  Hundred:  List  of 
Records,  No.  323. 

16465— VOL  1—06 7 


96  INTRODUCTION 

iu  the  Public  Record  Office.  The  communications  with  the  Privy  Council  on 
the  subject  are  spread  on  the  company's  minutes,  and  are  also  to  be  found  among 
the  Colonial  State  papers.  This  series  includes  the  proclamations  of  the  King  in 
162-i,  and  the  new  propositions  and  measures  for  tobacco  importation  of  the 
same  year.  The  economic  condition  of  the  planter,  the  necessity  of  a  revenue  to 
the  company,  the  amount  of  the  importation  and  of  the  customs  value  to  the 
King,  the  relations  with  Spain,  and  the  economic  values  in  England  are  all  brought 
out  in  the  estimates,  discussions,  and  arguments. ° 

DOCUMENTS    DISCLOSING    THE    RELATIONS   WITH    THE   COLONY 

The  study  of  the  relations  of  the  company  to  the  colony  and  the  development 
within  the  colony  may  be  based  on  a  greater  variet}^  of  documents  than  any  other 
phase  of  the  subject,  especially  with  regard  to  the  political  conditions.  The  court 
book  furnishes  an  understanding  of  the  attitude  and  motives  of  the  company  and 
often  serves  to  connect  the  data  gathered  from  letters,  instructions,  commissions, 
patents,  and  grants.  Thus  the  emphasis  on  the  custom  of  martial  law  in  the  colony 
and  the  severity  of  penalty  imposed  is  revealed  both  in  the  court  book  and  in  the 
extracts  from  Governor  Argall's  register.*  The  additional  forms  of  government 
required  by  the  development  of  the  colony  are  recorded  in  the  court  book,  by  which 
the  companj'  created  the  offices  of  deputies  to  the  governor  for  the  college  and  for 
the  public  land,  secretary,  treasurer,  chancellor,  and  surveyor,  and  provided  for  the 
compensation  of  officers  by  grants  of  land,  by  transportation  of  tenant-s,  by  the 
income  of  the  company's  land,  and  by  allowance  of  fees.''  The  requests  for  the 
appointment  of  a  council  of  State  and  for  laws  and  orders,  urgently  repeated  by 
Governor  Yeardlej%  as  recorded  in  the  court  book  iu  1619,  give  evidence  that  the 
source  of  such  development  was  in  the  colon\'.  But  the  fundamental  law  for  the 
government  of  the  colony  is  recorded  in  three  documents,  the  instructions  to  Gov- 
ernor Yeardley,  November  8,  1618,  which  created  the  land  system,  the  instructions 
to  Governor  Wyatt,  July  24,  1621,  which  emphasized  the  industrial  development, 
and  "  An  Ordinance  and  Constitution  *  *  *  for  a  Councill  of  State  and  Generall 
Assembly"'  in  Virginia,  which  confirmed  the  political  forms. 

These  documents  provided  for  the  creation  of  two  councils.  The  council  of 
state,    composed   of    the    governor    and   council,    was  to  form    an   executive   and 

a  List  of  Records,  60,  102,  147,  184,  185,  59,  263,  287,  448,  392,  396,  410,  413,  411,  414,  424,  426, 
431.  482,  676,  678,  680,  681,  682,  691,  692,  693,  695,  696,  703,  705,  712,  724,  729,  733,  737,  744,  747,  756. 
See  also  the  index  of  the  Court  Book,  pout,  Vol.  II,  under  "Tobacco." 

''Liet  of  Records,  No.  40,  ff. 

c  Court  Book,  I,  April  3,  May  15,  17,  1620.     See  also  Bruce,  Ecoiwmic  History  of  Virginia. 


VNDER  THE  8ANDYS-80VTHAMPT0N  ADMINISTRATION  97 

judicial  body,  and  the  assembly,  composed  of  the  council  and  two  burgesses  from 
each  town  or  borough,  was  to  be  purely  a  legislative  body."  The  approval  of  a 
quarter  court  of  the  company,  which  was  necessary  for  legalizing  the  acts  of  the 
assembly,  is  referred  to  in  the  court  book  in  three  places  only.*  The  constitution 
and  the  provisions  for  division  of  the  country  into  cities  and  boroughs,  recorded 
both  in  the  instructions  and  in  the  patents  bj'  which  the  government  of  the  private 
plantations  was  delegated  to  a  private  body,  form  the  basis  for  a  studj-  of  the 
local  systems.  The  records  of  Smythe's,  Martin's,  and  Berkeley  Hundred  referred 
to  above,  the  correspondence  of  Samuel  Argall  with  Bernmda  Hundred,  and  the 
commissions  for  government  issued  by  Governor  Argall  and  later  by  the  council 
of  state  complete  the  sources  on  this  subject."^  The  precedents  for  patents  are 
valuable  in  the  information  which  they  afford  with  regard  to  the  position  of  the 
following  classes  of  colonists:  The  old  adventurer  not  subject  to  rent;  the 
adventurer  paying  money  for  his  shares  and  agreeing  to  transport  100  persons; 
the  adventurer  settling  a  private  plantation;  the  individual  planter.''  These 
documents  also  throw  light  on  the  liberty  of  the  individual,  his  exemption  from 
taxation  without  his  consent  by  the  colony  or  by  the  private  plantation,  and  his 
submission  to  a  government  almost  military  in  character. 

The  strict  supervision  which  the  company  exercised  over  the  economic,  indus- 
trial, and  social  conditions  of  the  colony  is  to  be  seen  in  the  measures  enacted  in 
the  courts  and  in  the  correspondence  between  the  company  and  the  colony,  sup- 
plemented by  a  lai'ge  number  of  private  letters  to  the  officers  of  the  company. 
Four  letters  to  the  colony  are  mentioned  in  the  court  book,  of  which  two  have  not 
been  found,  but  eight  others  not  mentioned  are  extant.  It  is  more  difficult  to 
determine  what  letters  came  from  the  colony,  due  to  the  usually  brief  reports  of 
the  letters  in  the  court  book,  to  the  omission  of  the  date  from  the  copies  of  the 
letters,  and  from  the  uncertainty  of  the  date  of  the  receipt  of  the  letters  as  noted 
in  the  court  book.  Seven  letters  seem  to  have  been  received  by  the  company  of 
which  no  trace  has  been  found,  while  only  four  of  the  ten  extant  are  mentioned 
in  the  court  book.  It  is  apparent  therefore  that  only  a  part  of  the  official  corre- 
spondence is  in  existence.  The  directions  to  the  colon}'  disclose  the  care  and 
earnestness  of  the  company,  and  emphasize  the  endeavors  to  establish  the  various 
commodities,  while  the  descriptions  given  by  the  colonists  are  extremely  valuable 
in  the  picture  the}'  present  of  their  efforts,  ambitions,  and  attainments.     The  pri- 

"List  of  Records,  Nos.  72,  260,  261. 
I>  Court  Book,  I,  April  3,  May  15,  1620. 

"'The  patents,  the  Argall  correspondence,  and  the  records  of  the  Hundreds  are  new  material  and 
will  aid  much  in  an  understanding  of  the  local  conditions  and  government. 
dList  of  Records,  Nos.  299,  323,  324,  325. 


98  INTRODUCTION 

vate  correspondence  proves   that  the  official  letters  were  likely  to  give  but  one 

phase  of  the  conditions. 

About  thirty -five  letters  addressed  to  Sir  Edwin  Sandys  during  the  years  1619 
to  1621  have  been  found  among  the  Ferrar  papers,  which  are  full  of  complaint 
because  of  the  scarcity  of  provisions.  Apparently  Sir  Edwin's  policy  to  develop  the 
plantation,  and  especially  the  company's  land  as  a  source  of  revenue,  was  overdone, 
and  he  was  not  as  wise  in  carrying  out  hLs  plan  as  he  had  been  in  forming  it,  since  the 
colony  was  unable  to  provide  for  the  large  numbers  sent  out.  These  complaints  are 
casually  mentioned  in  the  court  book,  but  the  Sandy s-Ferrar  correspondence  shows 
that  it  was  the  desire  of  the  administration  to  conceal  the  difficulties  and  distress 
of  the  colony  not  only  from  the  public  but  also  from  the  hostile  faction.  The  Man- 
chester papers  preserve  letters,  or  copies  of  them,  which  came  to  the  company  or 
to  individuals  in  1622  and  1623  complaining  of  similar  deprivations  in  the  colony." 

The  company  was  not  only  interested  in  the  economic  and  industrial  develop- 
ment and  the  necessary  political  forms  of  the  colony,  but,  as  Sir  Edwin  Sandys 
declared,  it  had  a  higher  purpose  than  the  Muscovy  or  the  other  commercial  corpo- 
rations. This  high  ideal  is  proved  by  the  attention  which  is  devoted  to  plans  for 
the  college,  by  the  appointment  of  ministers,  by  the  collections  in  the  churches,  and 
by  the  gifts  received,*  but  the  theory  that  the  chief  motive  of  the  enterprise  was 
religious  is  not  supported  either  by  the  spirit  or  by  the  data  of  the  records. 

RECORDS   KEPT    BY    THE   OFFICERS   IN    THE   COLONY 

The  acts  of  the  administration  in  Virginia  are  recorded  in  the  vohune  of 
contemporary  records  of  the  company  kept  by  the  colony  which  are  described 
above.  They  consist  of  a  series  of  nine  orders  and  proclamations  by  the  governor 
and  council  and  of  twenty-one  orders,  proclamations,  commissions,  and  warrants 
issued  by  the  governor  as  the  executive  officer  of  the  council  for  the  regulation 
of  affairs  in  the  colony.  They  cover  the  j'ears  1621,  1622,  and  1623,  and  concern 
the  collection  of  taxes,  the  designation  of  laborers  for  public  works,  the  regu- 
lation of  prices  of  commodities,  the  restraint  of  relations  with  the  Indians,  and 
the  control  of  the  morals  of  the  citizens.  In  addition  to  these  documents  issued 
b\'  the  governor  is  a  series  of  twenty-four  commissions  and  warrants  issued  to 
individuals  to  act  as  commanders  of  cities  and  hundreds,  to  cari-j'  on  trade  with 
the  Indians,  to  make  discoveries,  to  wage  war  upon  the  Indians,  and  to  collect 
moneys.  Another  group  of  documents  in  the  same  collection  consists  of  thirty- 
six  petitions   to   the   governor  and   council   between    1622   and   1624.     They  are 

"For  a  citation  of  these  letters  in  the  List  of  Records,  see  the  Index  under  "Letters." 
^Post,  VoL  II,  Index  under  "College,"  "Education,"  "Ministers." 


UNDER  THE  8ANDT8-80VTHAMPT0N  ADMINISTRATION  99 

claims  for  wages  and  for  moneys  due,  demands  for  fulfillment  of  contracts, 
requests  for  pardon  and  for  justification  in  personal  quarrels,  demands  for  lands, 
aud  petitions  to  be  allowed  to  return  to  deserted  plantations  and  to  England." 

The  only  extant  record  of  the  council  for  1619  is  an  account  of  the  "putting 
out  of  the  Tenants  that  came  over  in  the  B[ona]  N[ova]  w""  other  orders  of  the 
Councell,"  found  among  the  Ferrar  papers.* 

The  "coui'te  booke,"  or  original  record  of  the  meetings  of  the  governor  and 
council,  in  which  these  petitions  were  heard  and  orders  issued,  is  extant  from  1624 
to  1632,  with  a  record  of  one  court  in  1622  and  of  one  in  1623.  These  are  mostly 
the  actions  of  the  council  sitting  in  a  judicial  capacity  and  concern  controversies 
over  property,  probate  matters,  and  criminal  charges.  The  punishments  seem 
extreme.  Two  actions  of  the  court  are  particularly  interesting,  one  affecting 
Edward  Sharpless  for  sending  copies  of  the  colonial  records  to  England,  and  the 
other  consisting  of  accusations  against  Captain  John  Martin  of  slanderous  and  false 
utterances.  A  few  additional  orders  and  warrants  are  preserved  among  the  Colonial 
State  papers,'^  together  with  a  report  of  the  proceedings  of  the  assembly  i  n  1619, 
written  b}^  John  Pory  and  sent  to  England,  the  only  other  account  of  which  wa.s 
sent  to  Sir  Edwin  Sandys  by  John  Rolfe,  and  is  among  the  Ferrar  papers.''  The 
acts  of  the  assembly  for  March  5,  1623/24  are  the  only  measures  of  that  body 
during  the  life  of  the  company  which  are  extant,  with  the  exception  of  the  letters 
and  petitions  addressed  to  the  company  and  to  the  King,  and  of  a  few  orders. 

DOCUMENTS   CONCERNING   THE   DEVELOPMENT   OF   FACTIONS   AND   THE    DISSOLUTION    OP 

THE   COMPANY 

A  series  of  documents  remains  which  does  not  bear  directly  on  the  organization 
of  the  compauj'  or  the  expression  of  its  activity  in  trade  and  in  colonial  enterprise, 
but  is  invaluable  for  a  study  of  the  history  of  the  company,  since  it  concerns  the 
relations  of  the  individual  members  to  one  another,  reveals  the  inner  life  and  motive 
of  the  company  as  a  whole  and  of  the  various  groups,  and  explains  the  conditions 
which  resulted  from  the  interference  of  the  King  and  the  overthrow  of  the  coi-pora- 
tion.  The  entire  movement  centers  about  the  growth  of  factions  in  the  company-. 
The  movement  begins  in  the  years  just  preceding  the  accession  of  Sir  Edwin  Sandys 
to  the  position  of  treasurer,  and  seems  to  have  had  its  origin  in  the  trouble  over 

"For  citation  of  these  documents  in  the  List  of  Records,  see  thi."  Index  under   "Warrants," 
"Commissions,"  "Proclamations,"  "Orders." 
''List  of  Records,  Nos.  138,  139. 
nbid.,  Nos.  240,  521,  645. 
iilbid.,  Nos.  116,  154. 


100  INTRODUCTION 

Sir  Samuel  Argall  and  the  appointment  of  Sir  George  Yeardley  as  governor  of  the 
colony.  It  finally  involved  many  of  the  personal  complaints  and  difficulties  which 
presented  themselves  to  the  company,  and  therefore  requires  a  study  of  those 
problems  before  it  can  be  understood. 

The  measui'es  which  thus  arose  with  regard  to  individuals  are  to  be  found 
chiefly  in  the  court  book.  Thej'  supph'  much  information  which  can  not  be 
obtained  elsewhere  with  regard  to  the  methods  of  procedure  of  the  company, 
and  aft'ord  scattered  data  of  great  importance  in  addition  to  the  light  they  throw 
on  the  disputes  of  the  factions.  The  subjects  discussed  include  such  problems 
as  the  relations  with  the  northern  colon}',  the  conflict  with  Spain  concerning  the 
ship  Treasurer,  the  suit  against  William  Wye  for  failing  to  land  settlers  in  Vir- 
ginia, and  various  accusations  against  Governor  Yeardley  and  Captain  Argall  for 
misgovernment  in  the  colony.  The  accounts  of  Sir  Thomas  Smythe,  the  settle- 
ment of  Alderman  Robert  Johnson's  accounts  for  the  magazine,  and  the  illegality 
of  Captain  John  Martin's  patent  for  a  plantation,  were  also  questions  which  were 
of  vital  importance  to  the  financial  aflairs  of  the  company  and  took  the  atten- 
tion of  numerous  courts;  but  neither  the  accounts  of  Sir  Thomas  Smythe  nor  of 
the  magazine  were  ever  adjusted. 

The  claims  against  the  company  presented  by  William  Tracey,  by  William 
Welden,  the  deputy  of  the  college  land  who  was  superseded  by  George  Thorpe, 
and  by  the  heirs  of  Sir  George  Somers  for  a  compensation  for  the  Somers 
Islands  are  but  illustrations  of  the  many  demands  made  upon  the  company. 
The  court  sat  as  a  judiciary  body  to  settle  numerous  personal  quarrels,  including 
the  Brewster-Argall,  the  Argall-Smythe,  the  Bargrave-Smythe,  and  the  Johnson- 
Southampton  cases.  Disputes  which  arose  within  the  courts  and  resulted  in 
slander  and  counter  accusations  took  much  of  the  time  and  attention  of  the 
company,  the  trouble  between  the  council  and  Samuel  Wroth  over  the  question 
of  salaries  thus  consuming  the  entire  time  of  the  courts  for  three  months,  from 
December  to  February,  1622  3.  In  the  various  collections  in  London  are  about 
a  dozen  papers  which  give  additional  information  on  the  Argall-Rich  troubles, 
the  censure  of  Alderman  Johnson,  the  Martin  patent,  the  accounts  of  Sir  Thomas 
Smythe,  and  the  suits  against  William  Wye." 

The  documents  which  bear  directly  on  the  factional  differences  in  the  company 
are  among  the  Manchester  and  the  Ferrar  papers.  From  them  comes  the  insight 
into  the  very  motives  and  thoughts  of  the  opposing  parties,  and  the  proof  that 

"For  the  history  of  these  cases  as  given  in  the  court  book,  see  the  citations  in  the  Index, 
Post,  Vol.  II,  under  the  names  suggested.  References  to  the  documents  in  the  List  of  Records, 
may  also  be  found  in  the  Index. 


UNDER  THE  SANDYS-SOUTHAMPTON  ADMINISTRATION  101 

the  accusations  of  the  Warwick  party  are  well  founded,  in  so  far  as  the}'  relate 
to  concealment  of  the  suflFerings  and  dissatisfactions  in  the  colony,  comes  as  a 
surprise."  For  a  history  of  the  factions  the  student  must  first  review  the 
reports  of  the  personal  conflicts  referred  to  above  and  then  turn  to  the  numerous 
documents  which  include  the  accusations  against  the  company,  the  defense  of  the 
colony  and  of  the  company,  and  the  memoranda  and  letters  upon  the  charges. 

When  the  quarrels  had  finally  been  carried  to  the  Privy  Council,  the  matter 
was  taken  up  officially  by  the  company,  and  the  second  volume  of  the  court  book 
after  the  spring  of  1623  is  composed  entirely  of  documents  spread  upon  the  minutes 
which  concern  the  action  of  the  company.  In  fact,  all  of  the  papers  after  that  time 
are  of  the  same  character  except  the  records  of  the  governor  and  council  in  Virginia. 
Since  they  number  upward  of  two  hundred,  it  will  be  impossible  to  discuss  them 
separately,  but  it  nmst  be  remembered  that  in  them  is  to  be  found  an  outline  of  the 
history  of  the  company  reaching  back  into  the  time  of  Sir  Thomas  Smythe,  presented 
first  by  one  faction  and  then  by  the  other.  The  most  important  of  these  reviews 
are  the  charges  of  Captain  Butler,  of  Alderman  Johnson,  and  of  Captain  Bargrave, 
with  replies  to  each;  the  complaints  of  the  adventurers  and  of  the  planters  against  the 
Sand3's  administration,  and  a  declaration  by  the  "ancient  planters"  comparing  the 
two  administrations  in  the  colony.  Finally,  the  " Discourse  of  the  Old  Company" 
is  the  last  review  of  the  whole  situation.  Another  most  important  group  of  papers 
is  a  series  of  projects  for  readjusting  the  government  of  the  colony  and  the  adminis- 
tration of  the  company.  The  projects  of  Martin,  Bargrave,  Ditchfield,  and  Rich 
thus  afford  an  opportunity  to  study  the  beginnings  of  royal  control. 

The  relations  between  the  Crown  and  the  company  assume  three  different 
phases  during  the  Sandys-Southampton  administration — the  first  before  the  dis- 
cussion over  the  tobacco  contract  in  1622,  the  second  concerning  that  contract,  and 
the  third  relating  to  the  abuses  in  the  company  and  the  dissolution  of  the  coi-pora- 
tion.  The  court  book  shows  a  readiness  and  a  desire  on  the  part  of  the  company 
before  1622  to  refer  to  the  Privy  Council  such  matters  as  the  magazine  accounts 
which  seemed  beyond  their  control,  but  it  also  contains  declarations  to  the  effect 
that  an  interference  with  the  patent  rights  is  not  to  be  tolerated.  The  questions 
arising  in  those  years  concern  the  transportation  of  dissolute  persons  to  the  col- 
ony, the  right  of  the  King  to  nominate  men  from  whom  the  treasurer  should  be 
chosen,  the  restriction  on  trade  to  other  countries,  the  refusal  of  a  new  charter  to 
the  company,  and  the  dissolution  of  the  lotteries.  Supplementtiry  to  these  records 
in   the    court   book    are   the  orders  of    the    Privy   Council   affecting  all  of    these 

"  Citation  of  these  documents  in  the  List  of  Records  may  be  found  by  reference  to  the  Index 
under  the  Sandys-Ferrar  letters,  the  Rich  and  Johnson  memoranda,  and  ttie  letters  iu  the  Man- 
chester papers. 


102  INTRODUCTION 

problems.  One  of  the  most  important  documents,  however,  has  not  been  found, 
since  the  eflforts  for  a  new  patent  can  not  be  traced  beyond  the  statements  in 
the  court  book.  It  was  first  proposed  November  15,  1620,  and  was  ordered  to  be 
continued  and  to  be  confirmed  by  Parliament  on  January  31,  162021.  On  the 
22d  of  the  following  month  the  Lords  were  appointed  to  secure  the  seal,  and 
on  April  12  the  objections  of  the  attorney-general,  to  whom  the  King  had  referred 
the  patent,  were  discussed.  That  it  never  went  into  effect  is  certain,  since  no 
record  is  to  be  found  among  the  sign  manual  warrants  in  the  record  oflBce  or  in 
the  signet  docquet  book.  Furthermore,  it  is  not  enrolled  in  the  chancery  files, 
and  it  is  not  entered  on  the  patent  rolls,  while  in  the  suit  of  the  qiw  warranto 
the  only  letters  patent  cited  are  those  already  known  of  1606,  1609,  and  1612." 

Unless  the  documents  have  been  lost  or  the  date  of  the  entry  has  been  mis- 
taken the  conclusion  must  be  reached  that  after  the  surrender  of  the  draft  of  the 
new  charter  to  the  solicitor-general  it  disappeared  from  sight.  During  the  year  1622 
the  communications  between  the  King  and  the  company  concerned  the  tobacco  con- 
tract and  its  final  acceptance  at  the  command  of  the  King,  and  revealed  the  maturity 
of  the  policy  of  interference  which  had  been  developing  during  the  previous  years. 
The  number  of  accusations  against  the  company  increased  during  the  year,  and  the 
records  of  the  early  part  of  1623  abound  in  letters  of  complaint  and  charges  of 
mismanagement  from  the  colony.  The  memoranda  of  the  Warwick  party,  found 
among  the  Manchester  papers,  are  also  essential  to  the  understanding  of  the 
movements  toward  the  overthrow  of  the  company.  Many  of  the  forty  communi- 
cations between  the  King  and  the  company  are  spread  on  the  court  book,  while 
all  of  them  are  found  in  the  Privy  Council  I'egister.  These  include  the  commis- 
sions to  the  board  chosen  to   investigate   the  affairs  of   the  company,*  and  the 

a  The  Editor  searched  the  following  documents  in  the  Public  Record  Office  for  a  record  or 
citation  of  this  charter: 

Sign  Manual  Warrants,  Nos.  11,  13-17. 

Exchecjuer,  19  James  I.     (1621.) 

Docquet  of  the  Signet  Office. 

Chancery  Privy  Seal,  19  James  I,  January- August.     (1621.) 

The  suggestion  that  a  charter  was  reissued  at  a  later  date  led  to  a  similar  fruitless  search  in 
the  Chancery  of  the  Privy  Seal  as  follows: 

22  James  I.     July,  Augu-nt.     (1624.) 

7  Charles  I.     February,  March,  October-December.     (1631.) 

9  Charles  I.     August,     (1633.) 

14  Charles  I.     August,  September.     (1638.) 

16  Charles  I.     April.     (1640.) 

i>  A  record  of  the  grand  committee  appointed  to  defend  the  company  before  the  commissioners 
and  a  record  of  a  meeting  of  the  commissioners  are  among  the  Ferrar  papers.  List  of  Recorda, 
No8.  394,  543. 


UNDER  THE  8ANDYS-S0VTHAMPT0N  ADMINISTRATION  103 

directions  to  the  commisHioners  sent  to  Virginia.  The  correspondence  between 
the  King  and  the  colony  during  those  months  of  struggle  concerned  the  latter 
commission  and  established  the  royal  authority,  but  the  letters  from  the  colony 
were  addressed  to  the  company  as  late  as  the  close  of  the  year,  six  months  after 
the  judgment  was  rendered  in  the  (jito  warranto  suit. 

The  record  of  this  suit  is  found  in  the  coram,  rege  roll  of  the  Kings  Bench.  In 
the  entry  the  usual  writ  served  upon  the  company  is  followed  by  the  information 
read  by  Edward  Offley,  the  attorney  for  the  companj',  citing  the  letters  patent  of 
1606  and  especially  of  1609.  It  enumerates  the  rights  granted  to  the  corporation, 
and  claims  that  other  privileges  were  never  used.  The  third  document  is  the  reply 
of  Attorney-General  Coventry  in  which  he  prays  for  the  conviction  of  the  accused 
on  account  of  the  usurpation  of  privileges,  and  cites  those  mentioned  in  the  infor- 
mation, claiming  that  there  had  not  been  sufficient  answer  in  any  point.  The  answer 
of  Nicholas  Ferrar  and  others  states  that  the  company  is  ready  to  verify  its  rights 
as  quoted.  The  judgment  was  rendered  on  the  morrow  of  Holy  Trinity,  and 
declares  that  Nicholas  Ferrar  and  the  others  are  convicted  of  the  usurpation  of 
privileges  and  that  the  "said  privileges  are  taken  and  seized  into  the  hand  of  the 
King  and  the  said  Nicholas  Ferrar  and  others  shall  not  intermeddle  but  shall  be 
excluded  from  the  usurpation  of  liberties,  privileges,  and  franchises  of  the  same  so 
taken  from  the  King,  and  that  they  are  to  satisfy  to  the  King  his  fine  for  the  usui-pa- 
tion  of  said  privileges."  The  writ  of  quo  wa-rimnto  was  issued  out  of  the  Kings 
Bench  on  the  Tuesday  next  after  the  morrow  of  All  Souls  (November  -4,  1623). 
The  suit  was  opened  on  the  Friday  after  the  quindecim  of  8t.  Martin's  (November 
28),  and  was  then  postponed  until  the  eighth  of  Hillary  (January  20).  It  was 
postponed  a  second  time  to  the  quindecim  of  Piaster  (April  11),  and  judgment  was 
finally  rendered  on  the  morrow  of  Trinity  (May  24,  1624). 

VALUE  OF  THE  VIRGINIA  RECORDS 

It  has  been  the  purpose  of  this  paper  to  give  to  the  reader  a  knowledge  of 
what  records  the  Virginia  Compan}'  kept  and  to  afford  a  guide  to  the  exhiut 
records,  as  well  as  to  indicate  the  character  and  importance  of  the  various  col- 
lections of  records  and  of  the  various  classes  of  documents.  The  value  of  this 
series  of  papers  is  threefold  — it  discloses  the  organization  and  activity  of  the 
company;  it  aids  in  an  understanding  of  the  various  problems,  policies,  and  con- 
ditions of  the  State  under  the  eai'ly  Stuarts;  and  it  is  of  great  importance  in  a 
study  of  the  entire  movement  of  the  earlier  and  of  the  later  century  for 
exploration,  for  trade,  and  especially  for  colonization. 


104  INTRODUCTION 

The  object  of  the  previous  discussion  has  been  to  show  that  an  intimate  knowledge 
of  the  mechanism  of  the  company,  of  the  methods  of  other  corporations  and  business 
houses,  of  the  policies  of  the  companj'  toward  the  plantation,  of  the  growth  of  the 
colony,  and  of  the  change  in  the  attitude  of  the  Crown  may  be  gained  from  the 
various  documents.  Thus  the  value  of  the  records  in  revealing  the  methods  emplo3-ed 
by  the  company  in  conducting  its  courts,  in  keeping  its  books,  in  securing  capital,  and 
in  finding  investment  which  would  result  in  immediate  returns  and  enable  the  com- 
pany to  transport  men  to  the  colony,  has  been  pointed  out.  The  evidence  of  the 
change  of  the  plantation  from  a  colony  for  exploitation  to  a  colony  for  settlement, 
and  the  consequent  effort  of  the  company  to  stimulate  exploration,  settlement,  and 
the  development  of  resources,  as  well  as  the  proof  of  the  liberality  of  the  proprietors 
in  advancing  self-government,  has  been  outlined. 

The  indication  in  the  records  of  the  colony  that  the  control  changed  from  absolute 
authority  centralized  in  the  governor  to  local  management  and  government  through 
a  representative  legislative  assembly,  and  that  the  social  conditions  developed  from 
life  in  a  few  compact  settlements  to  plantation  life  has  been  suggested.  Moreover, 
the  documents  which  show  the  efforts  of  the  joint-stock  companies  to  gain  protection 
and  become  privileged  monopolies,  on  the  one  hand,  and  the  tendency  of  the  Crown, 
on  the  other,  to  utilize  the  company  to  relieve  the  country  of  its  undesirable  popu- 
lation, to  secure  a  share  in  the  revenue,  and  finally  to  assume  the  full  proprietorship 
of  the  colony  has  been  cited. 

The  court  book  and  other  records  of  the  company  have  another  value  in  that 
they  incidentally  aid  in  an  understanding  of  many  problems  of  the  government.  Thus 
the  attitude  of  the  King  toward  the  company  was  much  influenced  by  his  desire  for 
marriage  relations  with  Spanish  royalty.  Various  questions  of  policv  were  often 
discussed  in  the  meetings  of  the  company,  such  as  the  freedom  of  trade  and  of 
fishing,  monopolies,  customs,  and  shipping,  while  the  financial  aid  given  to  colo- 
nization by  Spain  is  cited  in  contrast  to  the  action  of  England,  and  the  favor 
to  the  Spanish  colonies  by  the  State  in  allowing  the  sole  importation  of  certain 
products  was  dwelt  upon.  The  desire  to  cement  the  colony  to  the  State  and  the 
necessity  of  avoiding  separation  was  much  emphasized,  but  the  wisdom  of  allowing 
self-government  to  the  colony  was  never  once  forgotten.  In  fact,  the  argument  that 
democracy  was  unavoidable,  since  the  planter  had  the  privilege  of  the  adventurer, 
was  urged  in  opposition  to  the  accusations  of  the  King  that  the  company  favored 
democratic  forms.  This  spirit  in  the  company  is  also  seen  in  the  tendency  to 
address  Parliament  whenever  possible,  as  illustrated  in  the  movement  for  a  new 
patent  and  in  the  settlement  of  the  tobacco  question. 

The  economic  and  industrial  situation  in  England  is  perhaps  better  revealed  than 
any  other  phase  of  affairs.     Thus  the  commodities  which  were  in  demand  and  not 


UNDER  THE  SANDYS-SOVTBAMPTON  ADMINISTRATION  105 

produced  in  England,  the  rates  of  such  commodities,  the  prices  of  necessities,  and 
the  system  of  vending  goods  were  all  matters  of  great  importance  to  the  company, 
and  appear  again  and  again  in  the  various  documents.  The  poverty  of  skilled  labor 
is  shown  in  the  necessity  the  company  was  under  to  go  to  the  Continent  for  men  to 
superintend  and  carry  on  every  industry  which  it  attempted  to  establish  in  the  col- 
ony. Dutchmen,  Swedes,  Poles,  and  Frenchmen  were  thus  imported  for  conducting 
sawmills,  cultiv^ating  silkworms,  and  making  potash,  clapboards,  salt,  wines,  and 
glass.  When  engineers  for  constructing  fortitications  were  desired,  General  Cecil 
declared  that  he  had  not  men  for  the  purpose,  but  hoped  he  might  be  able  to  recom- 
mend some  Frenchmen  of  ability.  The  papers  which  concern  the  transportation  of 
vagabonds  and  of  boys  and  girls  furnish  a  comment  on  a  special  phase  of  social 
life,  while  the  spirit  of  the  entire  records  reveals  the  demand  for  an  outlet  for 
activity  and  an  opportimity  for  investment. 

Throughout,  the  minutes  of  the  courts  and  the  correspondence  and  references 
to  the  other  trading  companies  emphasize  the  strong  similarity  between  their 
organization  and  that  of  the  Virginia  corporation.  Illustrations  of  this  fact  are  seen 
in  the  citation  of  the  precedent  from  other  joint-stock  companies  of  emploj'ing  a 
deputy  and  a  director,  of  the  salaries  paid  in  the  East  India  Company,  and  of  the 
liberty  of  trade  enjoyed  by  the  Muscovj'  Company;  while  among  the  Ferrar  papers 
are  drafts  of  petitions  from  the  Commons  to  the  King  in  the  writing  of  Nicholas 
Ferrar  on  behalf  of  the  Turkey  merchants  and  of  the  "Ginny  and  Binny"  company, 
showing  the  intimate  relations  between  the  different  movements. 

Perhaps  the  most  important  result  of  a  study  of  the  Virginia  Company  comes 
from  the  knowledge  which  may  be  gained  of  the  whole  movement  which  had  as  its 
object  exploration,  trade,  and  settlement  before  and  since  the  time  of  the  company 
in  all  of  the  colonies.  In  its  records  are  to  be  found  one  of  the  earliest  sources  of 
information  concerning  colonial  experience  from  the  English  standpoint,  and  hence 
through  them  may  be  gained  an  understanding  of  the  way  in  which  proprietarv 
colonies  were  established;  of  the  development  of  the  plantation  into  a  colony  of 
settlement;  and  of  the  consequent  relation  between  the  settlers  and  the  proprietor. 
These  steps  as  well  as  those  by  which  the  Crown  was  led  to  resume  the  authority 
and  to  establish  a  royal  proprietorship  in  place  of  that  of  a  company  or  of  an  indivi- 
dual, and  the  consequent  development  of  the  freedom  of  the  settler  were  repeated 
in  the  history  of  all  of  the  proprietary  colonies  of  America. 


It  was  in  Jul}',  1622,  that  the  controversy  between  the  factions  in  the  company 
was  first  brought  before  the  Privy  Council,  and,  strangely  enough,  the  plaintiff  was 
John  Bargrave,  who  later  championed  those  whom  he  now  accused.  The  complain- 
ant declared  that  he  had  lost  6,600  pounds  through  the  "unjust  practices  and 
miscarriage  of  government"  on  the  part  of  Sir  Thomas  Smythe  and  Alderman 
Robert  Johnson.  The  matter  was  referred  to  a  committee  composed  of  Lord 
Viscount  Grandison,  Lord  Brook,  the  master  of  the  rolls.  Lord  Keeper  Coventry, 
and  Secretary  Conway,  but  the  affair  dragged  on  in  the  council  until  it  was  finally 
settled  on  January  22,  1622/3,  by  its  ordering  Bargrave  to  forbear  troubling  Sir 
Thomas  Smythe.*  From  that  time  the  battle  between  the  factions  in  the  company  had 
begun.  The  tobacco  contract  between  the  lord  treasurer  as  representative  of  the 
King  on  the  one  hand  and  the  company  on  the  other,  which  had  occupied  so  much  of 
the  time  of  the  courts,  was  allowed  by  the  Privy  Council  on  the  2d  of  February.'' 
But  the  spirit  of  conflict  was  seen  in  the  entire  correspondence,  and  during  the  few 
succeeding  months  bitter  complaints  concerning  the  mismanagement  of  affairs  in  the 
colon  J'  were  made  by  Nathaniel  Butler  in  his  Unmasking  of  the  Colony  of  Virginia 
and  by  Alderman  Johnson  in  his  Declaration.'^  That  both  of  these  originated  in  the 
Warwick  faction  has  been  revealed  by  the  Manchester  papers. 

On  April  17  a  committee  headed  by  Lord  Cavendish  was  summoned  before 
the  Privjf  Council  to  defend  the  Virginia  Company  against  the  "grievances  of 
Planters  and  Adventurers."     As  a  result,  the  first  blow  was  struck  at  the  liberty 

"That  the  Virginia  Company  had  a  large  number  of  reconis  which  are  not  now  extant  has  been 
revealed  by  a  study  of  the  existing  documents.  In  addition  to  the  original  court  books  and  the  five 
other  records  provided  for  by  the  "Orders  and  Constitutions"  there  were  the  books  created  at  a  later 
date,  the  duplicates  of  patents  and  granis,  the  petitions,  and  all  of  the  account  books  of  the  various 
magazines  and  joint  stock  companies.  If  the  papers  of  the  private  plantations  and  hundreds  which 
are  represented  by  the  Smyth  of  Nibley  papers,  were  added  to  these,  the  volume  of  missing  records 
would  become  very  great.  A  discussion  therefore  of  what  resources  have  been  searched,  though  in 
vain,  seems  desirable,  in  order  to  aid  further  investigation. 

''List  of  Records,  Nos.  351,401. 

■•/5id.,  No.  401. 

rf/fcid,  Nos.  388,395. 

107 


108  INTRODVCTIOy 

of  the  company  when  the  Privy  Council  announced  that  it  was  the  King's  intention 
that  a  commission  should  be  appointed  to  inquire  into  the  state  of  the  Virginia 
and  Somers  Islands  plantations."  From  that  time  the  affairs  of  the  companj'  were 
under  surveillance,  and  the  correspondence,  the  trade,  and  even  the  personal  liberty 
of  its  officers  were  subject  to  restraint.  The  company  was  immediately  forbidden 
to  receive  any  private  letters  except  on  its  own  business,  while  on  the  28th  of  the 
same  month  its  letters  were  disallowed  by  the  Privy  Council  because  they  failed 
to  "certify  the  King's  grace  to  the  Colonies."  Already  the  court  books  and  other 
writings  had  been  required  of  the  secretary  of  the  company,  as  is  shown  by  a 
receipt  for  the  same,  dated  April  21,  among  the  Ferrar  papers.  This  receipt  was 
given  to  Edward  CoUingwood  by  the  clerk  of  the  council.  As  a  concomitant  the 
council  dissolved  the  tobacco  contract  and  reduced  the  former  customs  on  tobacco 
from  twelve  to  nine  pence  per  pound.  It  allowed  the  companies  the  sole  importation 
of  tobacco,  but  it  required  that  the  whole  crop  should  be  brought  into  England.* 

There  were  other  acts  which  partook  of  the  same  spirit  as  the  interference  with 
the  correspondence  and  business  of  the  company.  On  Maj'  13  the  Privy  Council 
ordered  that  Lord  Cavendish,  Sir  Edwin  Sandys,  and  Nicholas  and  John  Ferrar 
should  be  confined  to  their  houses,  a  punishment  inflicted  for  a  contempt  of  an 
order  of  the  council  table  against  the  use  of  bitter  invectives,  and  brought 
about  by  the  complaint  of  the  Earl  of  Warwick.  Lord  Cavendish  was  in  restraint 
five  days  and  the  others  eight  days.  The  release  came  as  a  result  of  their 
"acknowledgment  of  offence  and  expression  of  sorrow.""  The  threat  of  the  King 
was  carried  out,  and  the  declaration  of  war  was  made  on  May  9  by  the  appointment 
of  a  commission  to  investigate  the  disputes  in  the  Virginia  Company  and  to  report 
upon  their  method  of  procedure. 

The  danger  of  confiscation  of  the  company's  records  was  fully  realized  for  the 
the  first  time  on  May  22,  1623,  when  the  Privy  Council  enforced  a  previous  order  to 
surrender  "all  Charters  Books,  (and  by  name  the  bluri'ed  Book  or  Books),  Letters, 
Petitions,  Lists  of  Names  and  Provisions,  Invoyces  of  Goods,  and  all  other  writing 
whatsoever,  and  Transcripts  of  them,  belonging  to  them."  The  new  order  declared 
that  the  "  Blurred  Book  or  Books"  had  been  kept  back.  The  documents  were  to  be 
surrendered  to  the  clerk  of  the  council,  but  the  custody  of  the  records  was  given  to 
the  commissioners.  Each  paily  was  to  have  free  use  of  them  "  in  such  sort  as  to  ye 
Commissioners  shall  seem  good."  Furthermore  "all  Boxes  &  Packages  of  Letters 
which  hereafter  shall  be  brought  over  from  Virginia  or  ye  Summer  Islands  during 
this  Conmiission"  were  to  be  "  immediatel3'  delivered  to  ye  Commissioners  by  them 

o  List  of  Records,  No.  487.     Printed  in  full  in  Le  Froy,  1,  289-290. 

*  List  of  Records,  Nos.  476  and  478. 

«See  Orders  in  CJoiincil,  cited  in  Ibid.,  Nos.  606  and  610. 


FATE  OF  THE  ORIOINAL  RECORDS  109 

to  be  broken  open,  perused  or  otherwise  disposed  [of]  as  they  shall  find  cause."" 
The  records  were  in  the  possession  of  the  clerk  of  the  council  from  the  date  of  this  order, 
or  earlier,  until  November  7,  1623,  as  is  shown  bj'  a  warrant  bearing  the  latter  date, 
in  which  the  commissioners  of  May  9  required  of  the  council  a  "trunk  of  writings" 
locked  up  under  the  custody  of  the  Privy  Council  to  be  delivered  to  the  "bearer."* 

A  careful  search  for  the  missing  papers  must  commence  at  this  point.  Although 
the  records,  or  at  least  the  court  books,  were  later  returned  to  the  company,  some  of 
them  may  have  been  retained  by  the  commissioners  or  by  individuals  thereof. 
Therefore,  hidden  away  in  the  collections  of  the  heirs  of  these  men,  it  might  be 
supposed,  would  be  found  the  much  sought-for  documents.  The  members  of  this 
commission,  created  April  17,  were  Sir  William  Jones,  Sir  Nicholas  Fortescue,  Sir 
Francis  Gofton,  Sir  Richard  Sutton,  Sir  William  Pitt,  Sir  Henry  Bouchier,  and 
Sir  Henry  Spiller.""  But,  as  far  as  can  be  determined  from  personal  investigation, 
from  the  report  of  the  Royal  Commission  on  Historical  Manuscripts,  from  conversa- 
tion with  Sir  Henry  Maxwell  Lyte,  of  that  body,  or  from  other  men  conversant  with 
the  private  and  public  depositories  in  England,  none  of  the  papers  did  remain  in  the 
possession  of  those  commissioners. 

A  committee  of  the  Privy  Council  may  have  had  access  to  these  papers,  for  on 
July  22  Lords  Grandison,  Carew,  and  Chichester  were  appointed  to  take  into  con- 
sideration the  reports  on  the  colony  and  to  present  to  the  council  orders  most  fit  for 
the  regulation  of  the  government  of  Virginia.''  Another  group  of  men  intrusted 
with  the  investigation  of  afl'airs  at  that  time,  and  into  whose  hands  and  private 
possession  might  have  come  papers  belonging  to  the  company,  were  John  Harvej', 
John  Pory,  Abraham  Percy,  Samuell  Matthews,  and  John  Jefferson.  This  commis- 
sion was  sent  to  Virginia  for  the  purpose  of  investigating  conditions,  and  many  of 
the  documents  bearing  on  their  relations  with  the  colony  are  among  the  colonial 
State  papers. 

The  documents  remained  in  the  custody  of  the  commission  until  November  21, 
and  were  then  returned  to  the  secretary  of  the  company.  An  order  in  council 
declared  that  all  the  "Books  and  writings,  whether  remayneing  in  the  hands  of  the 
Com''''  or  elswhcr,  shalbe  fwthw'"  deliuered  by  Inventorie  vnto  the  said  Company." 
The  complaint  had  been  made  by  the  treasurer  that  they  could  not  make  answer  to 
the  quo  warranto  which  had  been  issued  out  of  the  King's  Bench  against  the  company 
without  the  use  of  their  records.^    Therefore,  from  November,  1623,  until  June, 

"  List  of  Records,  No.  513. 

l>  Ibid.,  No  580. 

«For  the  order  in  council  creating  this  commission,  see  Ibid.,  No.  499. 

aibid.,  No.  647. 

«Ibid.,  No.  593. 


110  I^RODVCTION 

1624,  the  company  was  in  possession  of  its  documents,  and  it  was  during  that  period 
that  Nicholas  Ferrar  was  busily  engaged  in  having  them  transcribed. 

The  last  order  which  concerned  these  records  from  December  30,  1623,  until 
the  company  was  finally  overthrown,  in  June  of  the  following  year — when  the  organi- 
zation, according  to  Nethersole,  became  a  companj'  for  trade  and  not  for  government — 
was  a  letter  of  the  council  to  "Nicholas  Ferrar,  Deputie,"  to  bring  to  them  unopened 
all  letters  which  had  come  in  a  ship  lately  arrived  from  Virginia."  That  the  King 
in  the  meantime  was  concerned  in  the  preservation  of  all  papers  relating  to  Virginia 
is  seen  in  a  letter  from  Secretary  Conway  to  Sir  Thomas  Merr}-,  in  which  he  was 
requested  to  preserve  all  papers  in  the  po.ssession  of  "his  late  cousin,"  John  Puntis, 
vice-admiral  of  Virginia,  and  any  others  which  concerned  the  business.* 

Following  up  the  recall  of  the  charter,  the  Privy  Council  declared  that  it  was  the 
King's  intention  to  renew  the  charter  of  the  company  without  the  imperfections  of 
the  former  grant.  A  committee  was  therefore  appointed  on  June  24  to  resolve  on  the 
well  settling  of  the  colony,  to  give  the  orders  therefor,  and  to  report  to  the  King  for 
further  directions.  This  body  consisted  of  Lord  President  Mandeville,  Lord  Paget, 
Lord  Chichester,  the  lord  treasurer,  the  comptroller,  the  principal  secretaries  of 
state,  the  chancellor  of  the  exchequer,  the  chancellor  of  the  duchy,  the  attorney- 
general,  the  solicitor-general,  Sir  Robert  Killigrew,  Sir  Thomas  Smythe,  Francis 
Gofton,  John  Wolstenholme,  and  Alderman  Johnson.*^ 

Two  days  later  an  order  in  council  was  issued  instructing  Mr.  Ferrar,  deputy  of 
the  company,  to  bring  to  the  council  chamber  all  patents,  books  of  accounts,  and 
invoices  of  the  late  corporation  and  all  lists  of  people  in  the  colony,  to  be  retained  by 
the  keeper  of  the  council  chest  till  further  order.''  Thus  was  ended  the  control  of  the 
government  by  the  old  organization,  if  not  of  the  affairs  of  the  company  and 
its  colony,  and  thus  the  records  passed  into  the  charge  of  the  clerk  of  the  Privy 
Council. 

A  commission  to  establish  a  government  in  Virginia  is  to  be  found  in  the  chan- 
cery privy  seals  under  July  of  the  twenty-second  year  of  James  I,  countersigned  to 
pass  by  immediate  warrant.  The  patent  roll  of  the  period  records  this  commission, 
dated  July  1.^,  1624,  by  which  the  Virginia  Company  was  to  be  supplanted  and  the 
first  royal  prov'ince  in  America  was  to  be  established.'  The  records  of  the  old  com- 
pany, however,  are  not  lost  to  sight  till  three  days  later.  On  July  15  the  commis- 
sioners met  at  Sir  Thomas  Smythe's  house  and  determined  that  the  charters,  seals, 
and  writings  of  the  company  were  to  be  brought  to  Sir  Thomas  Smythe's  house  and 

o  For  the  order  in  council  creating  tliis  commission,  see  List  of  Records,  No.  608. 
6  List  of  Records,  No.  683.  "Tbid.,  No.  689. 

c Ibid.,  ^o.  687.  f/tid.,  No.  701. 


FATE  OF  THE  ORIOInXl  RECORDS  111 

kept  in  charge  of  the  clerk  of  the  commissioners,  H.  Fotherby,  to  be  used  by  the 
commissioners  at  pleasure." 

In  the  Privy  Council  register,  under  date  of  June  26,  1624,  there  is  an  order  for 
Mr.  Ferrar  to  deposit  in  the  council  chamber  the  papers  of  the  late  corporation,  and 
in  the  margin  is  a  note  which  gives  the  last  glimpse  of  those  records.  It  reads 
as  follows;  "  Nd:  All  theis  Patents  bookes  of  accounts  &c  were  delivered  to 
Henry  Fotherby  clarke  to  the  Comissioners,  by  order  from  the  Lords  the  19  of 
July  1624."* 

That  these  members  of  the  Privy  Council  and  others  of  the  commissioners  for 
Virginia  had  all  of  the  original  records  of  the  company  in  their  possession  at  that 
date  is  thus  proved.  What  became  of  them  later  can  be  a  matter  only  of  specu- 
lation. That  they  had  been  so  carefully  preserved  and  were  deposited  "  for  use  bj- 
the  members  of  the  commissioners,"  seems  to  indicate  that  the  thcor}'  of  their 
destruction  l)y  the  Crown  is  not  tenable.  There  are  two  theories  which  seem  much 
more  likely.  It  may  be  that  they  passed  linally  into  the  possession  of  the  Privy 
Council,  which  evidently  soon  assumed  the  burden  of  the  control  of  the  affairs  of  the 
province;  for,  on  May  13,  1625,  a  royal  proclamation  arranged  for  a  council  which 
was  to  be  subordinate  to  the  Privy  Council.'^  The  papers  may  thus  have  remained 
with  the  King's  Council  until  the  creation  of  the  commission  for  Virginia  in  1631, 
which  in  turn  was  supplanted  by  the  Board  of  Commissioners  for  Foreign  Plantations 
in  1G34.''  The  commission  created  in  July  of  1624  was  composed  of  the  lords  of  the 
council  and  "certain  others,"  and  the  council  register  seems  to  indicate  that  it  was 
usually  the  council  sitting  as  a  conmiission.  After  1624  the  papers,  letters,  and 
instructions  were  all  issued  by  the  council,  the  commissions  to  the  councillors  and  to 

o  List  of  Records,  No.  702. 

bibid.,  No.  689. 

c  A  letter  to  the  Earl  of  Warwick  dated  November  16,  1624,  bears  the  signaturea  of  the  council 
for  Virginia  as  follows:  Sir  Thomas  Smith,  Ferdinando  Gorges,  John  ^Volstenholme,  Samuel  Argall, 
Thomas  Gibbs,  Samuel  Wrot,  and  John  Pory.  There  had  been  some  question  concerning  the  addition 
of  names  to  the  commission,  but  whether  this  ia  a  portion  only  of  the  council  of  July  15  or  a  new 
organization  is  uncertain.     Ibid.,  No.  738. 

''The  members  of  the  commission  for  Virginia  appointed  June  17,  1631,  were:  Edward  Earl  of 
Dorset,  Henry  Earl  of  Danby,  Dudley  Viscount  Dorchester,  Secretary  Sir  John  Coke,  Sir  John 
Danvers,  Sir  Robert  Killigrew,  Sir  Thomas  Rowe,  Sir  Robert  Heath,  Mr.  Recorder  [Heneage  Finch], 
Sir  Dudley  Diggs,  Sir  John  Wolatenholme,  Sir  Francis  Wiatt,  Sir  John  Brooke,  Sir  Kenelm  Digby, 
Sir  John  Zouch,  John  Bankes,  Thos.  Gibb,  Nath.  Rott  [Wrote?],  Mr.  Sands,  John  Wolstenholme, 
Nicholas  Ferrar,  Mr.  Barber,  and  John  Ferrar.     See  Culonial  Pirpers,  Vol.  VI,  No.  14. 

The  commissioners  for  plantations  appointed  April  28,  1634,  were:  William  Laud,  Archbishop  of 
Canterbury;  Thomas  Lord  Coventry,  lord  keeper;   Richard  Neile,   Archbishop  of   York;   Richanl 
Earl  of  Tortland,  lord  high  treasurer;  Henry  Earl  of  Manchester;  and  seven  other  officers  of  state. 
16455— VOL  1—06 8 


112  INTRODUCTION 

governors  of  the  colony  passed  the  privy  seal  and  were  engrossed  on  the  patent  roll, 
and  the  letters  or  papers  from  the  colony  were  addressed  to  the  council. 

Another  theory  as  to  the  fate  of  the  records  is  that  they  were  at  first  in  charge  of 
Henry  Fotherby,  clerk  of  the  commissioners,  but  that  they  were  gradually  scattered 
among  the  members  of  the  commission  most  interested  in  the  career  of  the  company 
as  the  authority  of  the  commission  became  purely  that  of  government.  The 
members  of  the  commission,  created  July  15,  1624,  in  whose  families  such  papers 
might  be  found,  are  as  follows:  Henry  Viscount  Mandeville,  Lord  President  of  the 
Council,  Wm.  Lord  Paget,  Anthony  Lord  Chichester,  Sir  Thomas  Edmonds,  Sir 
John  Suckling,  Sir  Geo.  Calvert,  Sir  Edward  Conway,  Sir  Richard  Western,  Sir 
Julius  Caesar,  Sir  Humphrey  May,  Sir  Saville  Hicks,  Sir  Thomas  Smith,  Sir  Heniy 
Mildmay,  Sir  Thomas  Coventry,  Sir  Robert  Heath,  Sir  Ferdinando  Gorges,  Sir 
Robert  Killigrew,  Sir  Charles  Montague,  Sir  Philip  Carew,  Sir  Francis  Goston 
[Gofton],  Sir  Thomas  Wroth,  Sir  John  Wolstenholme,  Sir  Nathaniel  Rich,  Sir 
Samuel  Argall,  Sir  Humphrey  Handford,  Mathew  Sutcliff,  Dean  of  Exeter,  Francis 
White,  Dean  of  Carlisle,  Thomas  Tamshaw,  Alderman  Robert  Johnson,  James 
Cambell,  Ralph  Freeman,  Morris  Abbott,  Nathaniel  Butler,  George  Wilmore, 
William  Hackwell,  John  Mildmay,  Philip  Germayne,  Edward  Johnson,  Thomas 
Gibbes,  Samuel  Wrote,  John  Porey  (?),  Michael  Hawes,  Edward  Palavacine,  Robert 
Bateman,  Martin  Bond,  Thomas  Styles,  Nicholas  Leate,  Robert  Butt,  Abraliam 
Cartwright,  Richard  Edwards,  John  Dyke,  Anthony  Aldy,  William  Palmer,  Edward 
Ditchfield,  George  Mole,  and  Richard  Morer." 

Had  not  the  receipt  from  the  Privy  Council  to  the  secretary  of  the  company 
revealed  the  existence  of  the  early  records  in  1623,  and  had  not  the  memoranda  of 
Sir  Nathaniel  Rich  confirmed  the  fact,*  the  theory  might  be  put  forth  that  the  papers 
of  the  early  period  were  burned  in  the  destruction  of  Sir  Thomas  Smythe's  house  at 
Deptford  on  February  6,  1618/19.  The  fire  at  Whitehall  on  the  16th  of  January, 
1618  19,  at  which  the  privy  seal,  signet,  and  council  records  are  supposed  to  have 
been  destroyed,  is  sometimes  suggested  as  the  cause  of  the  disappearance  of  the 
Virginia  records.  But  the  facts  given  above,  in  addition  to  the  statement  of  Sir 
Thomas  Wilson  to  the  King  that  there  had  been  but  little  loss  of  papers  since  they 
had  been  transferred  to  the  new  ofiice  refutes  that  theory.'' 

It  remains  for  the  future  enquirer  to  examine  the  collections  which  are  known  to 
contain  papers  belonging  to  the  families  indicated  by  the  names  of  the  various  com- 
missioners and  of  the  Privy  Councillors  for  that  period.  Such  investigations  are  made 
diflicult  by  the  transfer  of  papers  from  one  branch  of  a  family  to  another,  necessitating 

«  Virginia  Magazine  of  History,  VII,  40. 

bAnte,  pp.  25, 63. 

'DocumenU  relating  to  the  History  of  the  Public  Record  Office,  in  the  Record  Office. 


FATE  OP  THE  ORIGINAL  RECORDS  113 

a  knowledge  of  the  genealogy  of  the  various  families  represented.  Having  found  the 
heirs  of  the  families  in  question,  the  search  may  then  be  conducted  through  the  reports 
of  the  Royal  Commission  on  Historical  Manuscripts.  But  this  is  not  sufficient.  Since 
trace  of  the  family  is  often  lost,  or  no  evidence  can  be  found  of  collections  of  docu- 
ments, it  becomes  necessary  to  search  through  every  section  of  those  reports  of  the 
commission  for  stray  sets  of  papers.  The  greatest  confusion  also  results  from  the  sale 
of  libraries,  and  while  the  catalogues  of  Quaritch  or  Sotheby  may  afford  a  clue  to  the 
offer  of  such  material  for  sale,  often  in  small  lots,  the  name  of  the  purchaser  is  not 
usually  to  be  discovered.  The  result  is  that  the  student  must  wait  in  patience  until 
the  papers  have  drifted  into  some  great  depository — such  as  the  British  Museum  and 
the  Bodleian  Library — or  until  they  have  been  made  known  to  the  public  through 
the  Manuscripts  Commission  or  by  private  enterprise." 

Another  difficulty,  which  can  not  be  overcome  by  the  individual  student,  is  the 
insufficiency  of  the  catalogues  of  early  date.  This  is  gradually  being  met  by  the 
re-issue  of  catalogues  and  calendars  in  the  British  Museum,  and  the  Bodleian,  although 
the  new  catalogue  of  the  latter  is  only  "  summary."  The  Ashmolean  and  Rawlinson 
papers  in  the  Bodleian  may  afford  many  surprises.  Furthermore,  the  early  reports 
of  the  Manuscripts  Commission  were  often  incomplete  and  too  general  in  character. 
However,  the  more  recent  volumes  are  full  calendars,  and  the  older  volumes  may 
be  republished  in  time. 

In  the  great  collections  of  the  British  Museum  are  brought  together  the  papers 
or  portions  of  the  papers  of  a  few  of  the  men  with  whom  we  are  concerned.  In 
the  Lansdowne  collection  are  about  one-third  of  the  papers  of  Sir  Julius  Caesar, 
master  of  the  i-olls,  which  were  sold  at  auction  in  1757.  Among  these  have  been 
found  the  valuable  letters  of  John  Martin  and  the  draft  of  the  commission  of  1624. 
In  the  Harleian  collection,  brought  together  by  Robert  Harley,  Earl  of  Oxford,  at 
the  close  of  the  seventeenth  century,  and  among  the  papers  of  Sir  John  Cotton,  who 
was  a  noted  antiquarian  of  the  time  of  James  I,  are  a  few  impoilant  documents. 

The  valuable  collection  of  the  Marquis  of  Bath,  containing  the  Cecil  papers,  has 
been  recatalogued  and  found  to  contain  nothing  which  concerns  the  company  after 
1616,  and  nothing  of  the  earlier  period  not  known  to  Alexander  Brown. 

Two  other  collections,  imperfectly  calendared  by  the  Manuscripts  Commission, 
are  those  of  Lord  Sackville,  of  Knole,  Seven  Oaks,  Kent,  and  of  the  Earl  of 
Coventry,  Croome  Court,  Severn  Stoke,  Worcestershire.  Since  the  statement  was 
made  by  John  Ferrar,  in  the  later  years  of  his  life,  that  Sir  Robert  Killigrew  had 
left  the  Virginia  papers  to  Sir  Edward  Sackville,  the  Earl  of  Dorset,  our  interest  in 

"The  search  for  the  records  has  not  only  been  conducted  along  these  lines,  hut  the  collections 
belonging  to  the  families  of  the  officers  of  State  under  James  I,  and  Charles  I,  have  been  investigated. 


114  INTRODUCTION 

this  collection  is  intensified.  Both  Sir  Robert  Killigrew  and  Richard  SackviUe,  Earl 
of  Dorset,  are  seen  to  have  been  vitally  connected  with  the  conipanj-  and  the  settle- 
ment of  its  affairs.  Two  other  connections  of  this  family  may  have  brought  together 
collections  which  might  contain  Virginia  papers.  Richard  SackviUe,  Earl  of  Dorset, 
married  Frances,  the  daughter  of  Lionel  Cranfield,  the  first  Earl  of  Middlesex,  and 
he  himself  became  heir  to  the  Cranfield  house  and  title  as  third  earl.  The  first  Earl 
of  Middlesex  was  the  lord  treasurer  during  the  regime  of  the  compan}'  and  figures 
prominently  as  the  individual  who  conducted  the  quo  warranto  suit  against  the 
Virginia  Company.  Furthermore,  Lionel  SackviUe  West  is  the  direct  descendant 
of  Lord  De  La  Warr,  of  Virginia  fame.  The  combination  of  the  four  houses  of 
Killigrew,  SackviUe,  Middlesex,  and  De  La  Warr,  which  were  of  so  great  importance 
in  Virginia  affairs,  leads  to  the  hope  of  a  valuable  collection  of  manuscripts.  Four 
documents  are  mentioned  in  the  report  of  the  commission,  and  these  refer  to  the 
tobacco  trade,  but  an  inquiry  of  Lord  SackviUe  as  to  other  material  in  his  posses- 
sion elicited  the  ve])\y  from  Lionel  SackviUe  West  that  Lord  SackviUe  knew  of  "no 
other  papers  at  Knole  relating  to  the  colony  of  Virginia  than  those  mentioned  in  the 
report  of  the  commissioners."  It  may  be,  however,  that  a  more  careful  calendar 
of  this  collection  will  disclose  papers  of  great  importance. 

From  March  14,  1616,  to  January  11,  1620,  Thomas  Coventry  was  solicitor- 
general;  later,  during  tlie  Sandys-Southampton  administration  of  the  Virginia 
Company,  he  held  the  position  of  attorney-general.  On  November  1,  1025,  he 
became  lord  keeper,  and  remained  in  that  office  during  the  period  coinciding 
with  the  organization  of  the  colonial  administration.  Hence  it  was  that,  when  it 
was  found  from  the  report  of  the  Manuscripts  Commission  that  manj^  of  Lord 
Keeper  Coventr3''s  papers  had  not  been  investigated,  the  Editor  addressed  a  letter 
to  the  Earl  of  Coventry,  Croome  Court.  This  resulted  in  a  confirmation  of  the 
statement,  and  a  promise  to  search  the  papers  which  are  now  in  the  "strong 
room  here."  In  a  letter  to  Ambassador  Choate,  July  27,  1904,  the  Earl  of  Cov- 
entry made  the  following  statement:  "In  company  with  a  son  I  went  through 
the  boxes  containing  papers  of  the  Loid  Keeper  Coventrj^  in  which  I  thought  it 
likely  I  might  find  the  documents  referring  to  the  Virginia  Company  of  London, 
some  time  ago,  but  I  could  discover  nothing  relating  to  the  company."  The 
letter  goes  on  to  sa}'  that  the  "papers  are  in  bad  condition  and  very  difficult 
to  decipher."  Hence  the  conclusion  may  be  reached  that  this  most  likely  hiding 
place  for  Virginia  records  is  not  to  reveal  new  material. 

The  collections  at  Thirlestaine  House,  Cheltenham,  and  at  Hatfield  House,  are 
extremely  valuable,  but  T.  Fitzroy  Fenwick,  esq.,  the  present  owner  of  the  former, 
states  that  there  is  no  material  in  that  collection  relating  to  the  early  history  of 
Virginia,  and  a  manuscript  catalogue,  kindly  loaned  to  the  writer  by  Lord  Salisbury, 


FATE  OF  THE  ORIGINAL  RECORDS  115 

indicates  that  the  paper.s  at  Hatfield  House,  now  being  calendared,  iiave  no  Ijcarinfj 
on  the  subject  in  hand. 

By  tracing  the  family  connections  of  the  descendants  of  Sir  Thomas  Smytho  and 
the  Earl  of  Southampton  intermarriages  are  found  which  might  result  in  the  location 
of  valuable  papers  in  many  of  the  large  depositories.  All  of  these  have  been 
investigated  by  the  Manuscripts  Commission.  Thus,  from  Sir  Thomas  Smj'the  the 
documents  might  have  been  inherited  by  the  first  or  the  second  Earl  of  Leicester; 
by  Sir  Sydney  Stafford  Smythe,  baron  of  the  exchequer  in  1772  and  last  of  the 
descendants  of  the  male  line;  by  the  eighth  Viscount  Strangford,  vice-president  of 
the  Royal  Geographical  Society,  with  whose  death  in  1869  the  senior  branch  of 
the  family  was  terminated;  and  by  the  present  Duke  of  Marlborough  through  the 
second  marriage  of  Lady  Dorothy  Sj^dney  Smythe,  daughter  of  Robert,  second 
Earl  of  Leicester.  The  Wriothcsley  family  is  to-day  represented  in  the  houses  of 
the  Duke  of  Bedford  and  of  the  Duke  of  Portland,  the  former  having  inherited  the 
London  property  of  Robert,  third  Earl  of  Southampton,  and  the  latter  the  Tichtield 
estate. 

The  large  number  of  documents  among  the  Smyth  of  Nibley  papers"  suggests 
that  in  private  collections  may  be  many  records  which  concern  the  private  enterprises 
or  companies  formed  within  the  corporation  for  setting  out  plantations  and  carrying 
on  trade.  Other  groups  of  manuscripts  and  early  books  have  seemed  to  offer 
opportunities  for  the  discover}'  of  the  missing  records.  But  the  Lambeth  Palace 
Library,  the  college  libraries  both  of  Oxford  and  of  Cambridge  have  proved  value- 
less, with  the  exception  of  that  most  important  group  in  Magdelene  College, 
(Cambridge.  Every  one  of  the  college  libraries,  has  been  searched  or  investigated, 
but  to  no  avail.  All  Souls  College,  Oxford,  contains  a  collection  of  manuscripts  wliich 
may  afford  a  few  papers  on  the  subject  when  it  has  been  more  carefully  catalogued. 

The  fact  that  the  original  records  of  the  company  before  1619,  and  a  compara- 
tively small  portion  after  that  date  have  not  been  discovered  has  led  generally  to 
the  conclusion  that  the  party  of  the  Crown  destroyed  the  evidences  of  the  misman- 
agement during  the  first  decade  and  of  the  compai-atively  prosperous  condition  in 
the  second.  That  they  failed  to  take  into  account  the  records  in  the  colony  and  the 
Ferrar  transcripts  of  the  court  book  is  the  good  fortune  of  posteritj'.  But  the 
destruction  of  the  records  can  not  properly  be  considered  as  proved  until  the  public 
collections  have  been  more  carefully  calendared  and  the  private  collections  have 
been  more  thoroughly  investigated.  The  absolute  lack  of  evidence  that  the  Crown 
and  its  supporters  held  such  an  attitude  and  the  knowledge  that  the  commissioners 
took  the  records  into  their  charge  "for  use''  encourages  the  hope  that  a  faithful 
endeavor  to  discover  their  location  may  yet  be  rewarded  by  success. 

"AiUe,  p.  55. 


LIST   OF   RECORDS 


117 


Hist  0f  S^rnr&s 

THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY  OF  LONDON 
EXPLANATORY  NOTE 

This  list  includes  all  documents,  letters,  publications,  or  other  records  of  the  Virginia  Company, 
or  relating  to  the  company  between  1616  and  1625,  which  the  Editor  has  been  able  to  discover,  and 
also  those  previous  to  1616  which  are  not  published  or  cited  by  Alexander  Brown  in  the  GenesU  of  the 
United  States.  The  object  in  compiling  the  list  has  been  to  give  to  the  student  of  liistory  the  necessary 
information  concerning  each  document  in  as  convenient  form  as  pos^sible  in  order  to  aid  him  in  finding 
or  in  identifying  the  papers.  The  documents  have  been  arranged  in  chronological  order,  but  with 
the  provision  that  whenever  the  day  of  the  month  is  uncertain  the  document  has  been  placed  at  the 
beginning  of  the  month,  and  when  the  month  is  not  known  it  has  been  placed  at  the  beginning  of  the 
year.  Thus,  at  the  first  of  each  year  and  of  each  month  will  bo  found  the  undated  papers,  or  those  to 
which  it  has  been  impossible  to  assign  dates.  The  subject-matter,  as  well  as  the  title  and  the  name  of 
the  author  has  been  given  rather  for  identification  than  to  serve  as  a  calendar,  since  it  is  the  aim 
of  this  series  to  publish  all  material  except  that  which  is  purely  supplementary.  The  documents 
which  it  is  intended  to  publish  in  this  series,  if  the  privilege  can  be  secured,  have  been  indicated  by 
.'in  asterisk.  The  title  has  been  quoted  wherever  possible,  and  the  orthography  of  proper  names  has 
been  made  to  conform  to  that  of  the  document.  The  location,  indicated  by  abbreviated  forms,  and  the 
reference,  following  the  abbreviation,  Re/.,  of  every  edition,  contemporary  copy,  or  later  transcript 
has  been  given,  but  the  description  of  the  document  is  either  in  the  introduction  or  will  be  found  in 
connection  with  its  publication  in  the  succeeding  volumes.  AVherever  the  paper  has  been  published 
or  calendared  the  reference  has  been  cited  after  the  abbreviation,  Pub.  The  material  has  been  classi- 
fied with  regard  to  source  or  authorship  and  the  classes  have  been  indicated  by  Roman  numerals, 
placed  to  the  left  of  the  "reference."  The  bibliographies  have  been  included  in  the  index  in  the 
second  volume  of  the  series.  It  has  been  found  necessary  either  to  abbreviate  or  to  use  symbols 
for  the  names  of  the  libraries  or  collections  in  which  documents  are  found,  and  tliose  abbreviations 
have  been  ijlaced  at  the  extreme  right  hand  of  the  page. 

CLASSES  OF  DOCUMENTS 

I.  Fundamental  documents,  emanating  from  the  Crown. 
II.  The  court  book  of  the  company.  ^ 

III.  Documents  issued  by  the  company:  instructions,  commissions,  grants,  receipt^,  official  corre- 

spondence. 

IV.  Records  of  the  colony:  court  book,  orders,  reports,  letters. 
V.  Publications  of  the  company. 

VI.  Private  papers  of  individual  adventurers. 
VII.  Supplementary  correspondence  and  records  of  uonmembers  of  the  company. 

11!) 


^gmbflls  3lttlitratmg  Slnratuin  of  iorumrntH 


ANT. 

Society  of  Antiquaries,  London. 

NEWB. 

Library  of  Ed.  E.  Ayer  in  the  New- 

BEL. 

Collection  of  the   Earl  of    Rutland, 

berry  Library,  Chicago. 

Belvoir  Castle. 

NY. 

New  York  Public  Library. 

BM. 

British  Museum,  England. 

[NY] 

Transcript  in  New  York  Public  Li- 

BOD. 

Bodleian  Library,  Oxford. 

brary. 

CAMB. 

Cambridge  University  Library,  Eng- 

P. 

Imperial  Library,  Paris. 

land. 

PC. 

Privy  Council,  London. 

CHILD. 

Collection  of  J.  Eliot  Hodgkin,  Child- 

PEQ. 

Pequot  Library,  Connecticut. 

well,  Richmond,  Surrey. 

PET. 

Collection  of  Lord  Leconfield,  Petworth 

DOV. 

Borough  of  Dover,  England. 

House,  County  Sussex. 

DROP. 

Collection  of  Hon.  G.  M.  Fortescue, 

PRIV. 

Private  library  in  New  York  City. 

Dropmore,  Maidenhead,  England. 

PRO. 

Public  Record  Office,  London. 

HARV. 

Harvard  Library,  Cambridge,  Massa- 

Q. 

Queens  College,  Oxford. 

chusetts. 

R. 

Archives  of  Jesus,  Rome. 

HL. 

Repository  of  the   House  of  Lords, 

READ. 

Borough  of  Reading,  England 

London. 

SHER. 

Sherbourne  Castle,  County  Dorset. 

IPS. 

Ipswich,  England. 

SUE. 

Collection  of  W.  W.  Molyneux,  Suf- 

JOB. 

John  Carter  Brown  Library,  Provi- 

folk County,  England. 

dence,  R.  I. 

SYON. 

Collection  of  Duke  of  Northumber- 

KP. 

Collection  of  Lord   Sackville,  Knole 

land,  Syon  House,  England. 

Park,  County  Kent. 

VHS. 

Virginia    Historical     Society,    Rich- 

LAMB. 

Lambeth  Palace  Library,  London. 

mond,  Virginia. 

LEI. 

Leicester,  England. 

WELB. 

Collection  of  Duke  of  Portland,  Wel- 

LC. 

Library  of  Congress,  Washington,  D.  C. 

beck  Abbey. 

[LC] 

Transcript  in   Library  of    Congress, 

WOD. 

Collection  of  Edmund  R.  Wodehouse, 

Washington,  D.  C. 

esq.,  England. 

MC. 

Magdalene  College,  Cambridge,  Eng- 

WYC. 

Borough  of  Wycombe,  England. 

land. 

YAR. 

Yarmouth,  England. 

MONT. 

Montague  House,  London. 

GENERAL  ABBREVIATIONS 

A.  L.  S. 

Autograph  letter  signed. 

Mag. 

Magazine. 

Bull. 

Bulletin. 

MS. 

Manuscript. 

Col. 

Collections. 

Misc. 

Miscellaneous. 

Com. 

Commission. 

Pub. 

Public. 

Co. 

Company. 

Rec. 

Records. 

D.  S. 

Document  signed. 

Kept. 

Feport. 

Hist. 

Historical,  History. 

Soc. 

Society. 

Lib. 

L.  S. 


Library. 
Letter  signed. 

120 


*Document  will  be  published  in  this  series. 


1600-1608]  LIST  OF  TUE  RECORDS  121 

1600 

BEFOBE   1609 

1.*  Beasons  against  publishing  the  King's  title  to  Virginia.     A  justification  for  planting  Virginia. 
VI.        Ref:  Tanner  MSS.,  XCIII,  fo.  200  (old  fo.  352).  BOD.     [LC] 

1606  (?) 

2.*  "A  plaine  declaracon,  how  greatlie  the  ffarmours  of  the  Tobacco  impost  have  bene  endam- 
aged by  that  ffarme,  and  what  proffitt  and  benefitt  their  labour  &  travell  have  brought 
to  his  Ma"»."  BM.     [LC] 

VI.        HeJ:  Lansdowne,  Caesar  Papers,  156,  fo.  58. 

Thu  date  is  in  the  index  in  the  writing  of  the  century.    The  names  mentioned  in  the  doeu- 
ment  prove  that  it  was  as  early  as  1612,  the  date  when  tobacco  was  first  planted  in  Virginia. 

1606/7 

1608/7,  FEBHUARY  le-ieOT/B,  FEBRUAKY  4 

3.  Payments  for  apparel  and  tobacco  for  Mr.  George  Percy  sent  to  him  in  Virginia.  SYON. 

VI.        liej:  Rolls  of  the  Duke  of  Northumberland. 

Puh:  Calendar;  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Sixth  RepoH,  229a. 

1607/8 

1607/8.  PEBBUAST  8-1608/9,  FEBHUARY  3 

4.  Payments  for  Mr.  Geo.  Percy  for  necessities  for  building  a  house  in  Virginia  and  for  trinkets. 

VI.  Sef:  Rolls  of  the  Duke  of  Northumberland.  SYON. 
Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Sixth  Report,  229a. 

1607 

6.*  King  and  Privy  Council.     Oaths  of  supremacy  and  allegiance  administered  to  colonists. 

I.  Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Vol.  Ill,  pt.  i,  pp.  20,  20».  LC. 

6.*  .     Oath  of  the  Secretary  of  the  Colony  administered  by  Governor  and  Council  in  Virginia. 

I.  Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Vol.  Ill,  pt.  i,  p.  21.  LC. 

1608 

7.*  Popham  con  Havercombe.  The  President  and  Council  of  the  Virginia  Company  v.  the 
master  of  the  "Guift  of  God,"  for  not  sufhciently  providing  the  passengers.  Complaint, 
answer,  and  judgment.  PRO.     [LC] 

HI.       Ref:  Admiralty,  Instance  and  Prize,  Libels  73,  Nos.  274,  279. 
This  suit  concerns  the  northern  colony  for  Virginia. 

HAT  28 

8.  Ralph,  IiOrdEure.  A  letter  to  Sir  Robert  Harley,  stating  that  Captain  Newjiort  has  brought 
over  Captain  Wingfield,  accused  of  some  treachery,  but  not  vet  tried.  WELB. 

VII.  Ref:  MSS.  of  the  Duke  of  Portland. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Fourteenth  Report,  pt.  2,  p.  5. 


•Reproduced  in  the  present  publication. 
[LC]  Transcript  in  the  Library  of  Conprcss. 
I.  H.  m,  etc.,  represent  the  class  of  document. 


122  INTRODUCTION  [1609-1611 

1609 

9.*  Virginia  Council  (P).     General  instructions  to  the  lieutenant  governor  of  Virginia.     Copy  of 
the  sixth  article.  BM. 

III.  Ref:  MSS.  of  the  Marquis  of  Lansdowne,  Vol.  58. 
Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Fifth  Report,  226. 

MAY 

10.*  Virginia  Council.     "  Instruccons,  orders,  and  constitucons  .  .  .  to  S' Thomas  Gates  knight 
Governo' of  Virginia  .  .  .  by  va  his  MaiestiesCouncell  for  [Virginia.]"        BOD.     [LC] 
ni.       Ref:  Ashmolean  MSS.,  1147,  fos.  175-190a. 
A  contemporary  copy. 

1609  (?)/lO 

11.*  Virginia  Council.  "Instructions,  orders,  and  constitucons  ...  to  S' Thomas  West  knight 
Lo:  La  Warr,  .  .  .  by  vs  his  Mat''^^'  Councell  for  the  Conipanie  of  adventurers  .  .  . 
[for  Virginia]."  BOD.     [LC] 

in.       Ref:  Ashmolean  MSS.,  1147,  fos.  191-20oa. 
A  contemporary  copy. 

1609-12  (?) 

12.*  G[eorge]  P[ercy].  "A  trew  relation  of  the  proceedings  and  occurents  of  momente  which 
have  ha])pened  in  Virginia  from  S'  Thomas  Gates — 1609  to  my  departure,  A.  D.  1002 
[1612]."  '  '  PET. 

IV.  Ref:  MSS.  of  Lord  Leconfield,  No.  SI,  4th  to  17th  century,  vellum,  p.  1. 
Pub:  Catalogue:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Sivth  Report,  307. 

1609  10 

1609/10,  FEBETJAKY  7-ieiOill.  FEBKT7ARY  6 

13.     Payments  for  tobacco  for  the  Earl  and  Lord  Percy  and  for  George  Percy  in  Virginia. 

VI.        Rrf:  ]\ISS.  of  the  Duke  of  Northumberland.  SYON. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Sixth  Report,  229b. 

1610 

NOVEMBER  18 

14.*  George  Yeardley.  A  letter  to  S'  Henry  Peyton,  stating  tliat  the  country  needs  only  "round 
and  free  support  of  men  and  money."  BOD.     [LC] 

VI.  Ref:  Eug.  Hibt.  MSS.,  c.  4,  new  No.,  MS.  29724,  fo.  3. 

161011 

MARCH  4 

15.  Town  of  Ipswicli.     Order  for  "adventuring  out  of  the  towne  treasure  one  hundred  pounds 

.     .     .     in  the  voyage  to  Virginia."  IPS. 

VII.  Ref:  Ext.  from  General  Court  Books,  4  March,  8  James  I. 
J'ub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Ninth  Report,  pt.  1,  p.  256. 

1611  (?) 

16.  Virginia   Council.     A  letter  "  to  S' Raphe  Winwood,  Ambassador,"  requesting  adventurers 

in  the  Ni'thcrlands,  and  telling  of  the  prosperous  condition  of  the  Colony.  MONT. 

III.       Ref:  Duke  of  Buccleuch  and  Queensberry  MSS.,  Winwood  Papers. 

Piib:  Full  calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Report  on  above,  Vol.  I  (1899),  p.  103. 


1611-1613]  /./.S'7'  OF  THE  RFA'ORDR  123 


1611 

APRIL 


17.  Sir  Thomas  Smjrthe.     A  Iftter  to  H'  Kaplie  Winwood,  Ai)iba.s.sador,  acknowledging  £72  from 

aliDve  request,  and  sending  the  l)ills  of  adventure.  MONT. 

III.        Eef:  Duke  of  Buccleuch  and  Queen.'iberry  MSS.,  Winwood  Papers. 

Pub:  Full  calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  liipuH  on  above,  V'ol.  I  (1899),  i>.  99. 

1611  12 

MAKOH  10 

18.     Bruz.     A  letter  to  the  Earl  of  Kutlaml  eoneerniufr  Dale's  departure  with  three  hundrci] 

men  at  expense  of  £8,000.  BKL. 

\n.      A',/.-  Karl  of  Rutland  Papers. 

Pah:  Calendar;  liisl.  MSS.  Com.,  TirelJ'th  lieporl,  pt.  4,  p.  429. 

1612 

AFBTL  28 

19.  Sir  John  Dig'by.     A  letter  to  W.  Trumbull  concerning  the  Spanish   attitude  toward   the 

\'iruinia  plantation,  and  other  letter.?  of  similar  character.  SHEK. 

VII.      A',/.-  George  Wingfleld  Digby  MSS.,  Register  of  Letters. 

I'uh:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Tenth  Report,  pt.  1,  pp.  576,  583,  600,008,  009. 

NOVrEMBEB  25 

20.*  Virginia  Company.  Virginia  Company  con  Sir  Thomas  Mildmaye,  James  Bryarley,  and 
Mattliew  de  Quester.  The  bill  of  complaint  addressed  to  Thos.  Lord  Ellesmere,  Lord 
C^haneellor,  with  regard  to  the  payment  of  certain  suras  adventured.  PRO.     [LC] 

III.       7iV/'.-  Chancery  Proceedings,  James  I,  liundlo  U,  No.  2/27. 

DECEMBER  11 

21.*  Sir  Thomas  Mildmaye.  The  answer  of  Sir  Thomas  Mildmaye  to  the  liill  of  complaint  of  the 
Virginia  Company.  PRO.     [LC] 

III.       Ju'f:  Chancery  Proceedings,  James  I,  Bundle  U,  No.  2/27. 

161213 

JANTTARY  11 

22.*  James  Bryarley  and  Mathewe  de  Cluester.  The  answer  of  James  Bryarley  and  Mathewe 
de  (tucster  to  the  bill  of  complaint  of  the  Virginia  Company.  PRO.     [LC] 

III.        Re/:  Chancery  Proceedings,  James  I,  Bundle  V,  No.  2/27. 

JANTJABY  26 

23.  John  Wheeler.  John  Wheeler  to  Sir  Raphe  Winwood  requesting  adventures  in  the  lottery 
for  Iiimself  and  others.  MONT. 

III.       Ref:  Duke  of  Buccleuch  and  Queensberr)-  ISISS.,  Winwood  Papers. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Report  on  above.  Vol.  I  (1899),  pp.  122-123. 

1613 

AFRTL  28 

24.*  Virginia  Company.     Virginia  Company  con  Sir  H.  Neville,  Sir  Geo.  Iluntlcye,  Wm.  Hall, 
ct  al.,  regarding  the  jiaynient  of  sums  adventureii.    The  bill  of  cunipUiint.     I'la  >.     [LC] 
III.       Ref:  Chancery  Proceedings,  Jimies  I,  Bundle  U,  No.  4/17. 


124  INTRODUCTION  [1613-1615 


25.*  Sir  Geo/ge  Huntley.     The  answer  of  Sir  Geo.  Huntley  to  the  bill  of  complaint  of  the  Virginia 
Company.  PRO.     [LC] 

III.       Bef:  Chancery  Proceedings,  James  I,  Bundle  IT,  No.  4/17. 

OCTOBER  8 

26.*  Virginia  Company.     Virginia  Company  con  Sir  Edmond  Boyd,  Sir  John  Sammes,  et  al., 
regarding  the  payment  of  sums  adventured.     The  bill  of  complaint.  PRO.     [LC] 

III.       Ref:  Chancery  Proceedings,  James  I,  Bundle  U,  No.  2/69. 

NOVEMBKB  1 

27.*  Sir  John  Sammes.     The  answer  of  Sir  John  Sammes  to  the  bill  of  complaint  of  the  Virginia 
Company.  PRO.     [LC] 

III.       Ref:  Chancery  Proceedings,  James  I,  Bundle  U,  No.  2/69. 

NO^TEMBER  15 

28.*  Virginia  Company.     Virginia  Company  con  William  Leveson,  regarding  the  pajinent  of 
certain  sums  collected  in  the  lottery  and  not  surrendered.     The  bill  of  complaint. 
III.       Ref:  Chancery  Proceedings,  James  I,  Bundle  U,  Nos.  2/55.  PRO.     [LC] 

NOVEMBER  30 

29.*  William  Leveson.     The  answer  of  William  Leveson  to  the  bill  of  complaint  of  the  Virginia 
Company.  PRO.     [LC] 

III.       Ref:  Chancery  Proceedings,  James  I,  Bundle  U,  Nos.  2/55. 

1613  14 

[1613,  DECEMBER  29]-1614   [JAUTJARY  8] 

30.     J.  Ijuntius.     Letters  to  .Sir  Raphe  Winwood,  ambassador,  concerning  the  rumor  of  a  Spanish 
attack  on  the  Virginia  Colony.  MONT. 

VII.      Ref:  Duke  of  Buccleuch  and  Queensberry  MSS.     Winwood  Papers. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Report  on  above,  Vol.  I  (1899),  pp.  122-123. 

FEBRXTARY  18 

31.*  William  Hall,  Esq.     The  answer  of  William  Hall  to  the  bill  of  complaint  of  the  Virginia 
Company.  PRO.     [LC] 

III.       Ref:  Chancery  Proceedings,  James  I,  Bundle  U,  No.  4/17. 

1614  15 

FEBRUARY  22 

32.  Privy  Council.     Order  of  Privy  Council  to  Lord  Howard  Eifingliam,  Sir  Geo.  More,  Sir  Ed. 

Howard,  and  others,   requesting  cooperation  in  the   lottery  and  sending  books  for 
adventurers'  sums.  WOD. 

I.  Ref:  (1)  M.SS.  of  E.  R.  Wodehouse.     (2)  MSS.  of  W.  W.  Molyneux,  Esq. 

Pub:  (1)  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Thirteenth  Report,  pt.  4,  p.  437. 

MARCH  3 

33.  Consideration  of  the  "  Letters  from  Lordes  of  the  Counsell  concerninge  the  Lottery  for  the 

helpe  of  the  Englishe  in  Virginia."  READ. 

VII.      Ref:  Corporation  of  Reading  Records,  MP.  XLVIII,  a. 

Puh:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eleventh  Report,  jit.  7,  p.  211. 


1615-1617]  LIST  OF  THE  RECORDS  125 

1615 


34.  Action  of  the  assembly.     Every  alderman  to  urge  inhabitanta  to  adventure  in  the  Virginia 

lottery.  YAR. 

VII.     Ref:  Corporation  of  Great  Yarmouth.     Records,  40  Elizabeth  to  12  James  1,  Assem- 
bly Book.     D(j). 
Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Ninth  Repurl,  pt.  1,  p.  319. 

161516 

KEBKUAKT  lO 

35.  Certificate  for  104  lbs.  of  midding  tobacco  from  Virginia.  KP. 

III.       Ref:  MSS.  of  the  Earl  Be  La  Warr. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Fourth  Report,  314. 

1616/16.  MASCH  6-1623.  JTJNE  0 

86.*  Shareholders  in  the  Virginia  Company  from  1615-1623.  PRO.     [NY] 

VI.        Rtf:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  II,  No.  33. 

Pub:  Virghda  Magazine  of  History  and  Biography,  IV,  299-310. 
Transcript  in  the  N.  Y.  Public  Library,  Bancroft,  I,  203-205. 

1616 

DEaEMBER  19 

37.     Virginia  Company.     A  letter  to  the  mayor  of  Salisbury  concerning  a  college  for  Virginia. 
III.       Pub:  New  England  Historical  and  Genealogical  Register. 

1616  17 

38.*  Virginia  Council.     A  proclamation  by  His  Majesty's  Council  tor  Virginia  giving  license  to 
any  in  Virginia  to  return,  by  obtaining  permission  from  the  governor.  NY. 

III.  Ref:  Smyth  of  Nibley  Papers. 

Pub:  Brown,  Genesis  of  the  United  States,  II,  797-798. 

1617 

39.*  Governor  Argall.     A  letter  and  proclamations  or  edicts  as  to  sale  of  goods  and  banishment  of 
John  Hudson.  (1)  LC.     (2)  VHS. 

IV.  Ref:  (1)  Misc.   Papers,    1606-1683,   quarto.     (Abstract    only.)     (2)  MS.   Coll.  Va. 

Hist.  Soc,  John  Randolph  MSS.,  Ill,  91. 
Pub:  Va.  Mag.  of  Hist.,  IV,  28-29. 

Cited  from  "No.  41A  Register  booli  during  the  Qoum'.  of  Sami  Argall  Esq'  admiral,  &  for  y 
time  p'sent,  principal  Gou'.  of  Virg«.,"  a  record  not  now  known  to  be  in  existence. 

JUJMIS  8 

40.*  John  Bolfe.     Letter  to  Sir  Edwin  Sandys,  giving  the  story  of  the  journey  from  Plymouth 
and  the  good  condition  of  the  colony,  though  in  need  of  clothing.  MC. 

IV.        Ref:  Ferrar  Papers. 

Pub:  Va.  Mag.  of  Hist,  X,  134-138. 

A.  L.  S.    Endorsed  by  Sir  Edwin  Sandys, 


126  Il^'TRODVCTION  [1617 


JITLY  13-AUQU3T  31 

41.*  Privy  Council.     Orders  for  transportation  of  prisoners,  mentioned  by  name,  to  Virginia. 

I.  a/.-  Privy  Council  Register,  James  I,  Vol.  HI,  91,  121.  PC.     [NY] 

Puli:  ^^allS.  I{ist.  Sue.  Coll.,  ser.  4,  Vol.  IX,  pp.  1—1. 

Transcript  iu  N.  Y.  Pub.  Lib.,  Barlow  Tapers,  Virginia,  Vol.  I. 

OCTOBER  20 

42.*  Governor  Argall.     Pardon  to  George  White  for  running  away  to  the  Indians  with  arms  and 
ammunition;  also  to  Arthur  Edwards  and  to  Henry  Potter.  (1)  LC.     (2)  VIIS. 

IV.        AV/".-  (1)  Misc.  Papers,  160t>-1683,  quarto.    (Abstract  only.)    (2)  MS.,  Coll.  Va.  Hist. 
"Soc,  John  Randolph  MSS.,  HI,  91. 
See  No.  40,  Remarks. 

43.*  .     Commission  to  trade  to  north  parts  of  Virginia  and  for  commanders  of  the  several 

hundreds.  (1)  LC.     (2)  VHS. 

IV.        Ref:  See  under  No.  40. 
See  No.  40,  Remarks. 

44.*  .     Appointment  of  William  Powell,  captain  of  guards  belonging  to  the  governor  and 

lieutenant-governor  and  commander  of  James  Town.  (1)  LC.     (2)  VHS. 

IV.        Ref:  See  under  No.  40. 
See  No.  40,  Remarks. 

45.*  .     Commission  to  trade  in  south  parts  and  in  the  bay.  (1)  LC.     (2)  VHS. 

IV.        lief:  See  under  No.  40. 

See  No.  40,  Remarks. 

46.*  .     Commission  to  Captain  Nathaniel  Pool  to  be  Serjeant  major  general. 

IV.        iJf/.-  See  under  No.  40.  (1)  LC.     (2)  VHS. 

See  No.  40,  Remarks. 

47.*  .     Commission  to  Francis  West,  master  of  ordinance,  during  life.         (1)  LC.     (2)  VHS. 

IV.        Ref:  See  under  No.  40. 
See  No.  40,  Remarks. 

48.*  .     Commission  to  Nathaniel  West,  to  be  captain  of  the  Lord  ( ieneral's  comimny. 

IV.        RrJ:  See  under  No.  40.  (1)  LC.     (2)  VHS. 

See  No.  40,  Remarks. 

NOVEMBER  13 

49.     Sir  Edwin  Sandys.     A  letter  to  the  Puritans. 

HI.        rah:  Neill,  Virginia  ('omjidni/  (if  Landoii,  124-125. 

NOVEMBER  16 

50.*  Governor  ArgalL     Confirmations  as  to  cattle.  (1)  LC.      (2)  VHS. 

IV.        Ref:  See  under  No.  40. 
See  No.  40,  Remarks. 

NOVEMBER  27 

51.*  Citizens  of  Bermuda  Hundred.     A  letter  signed  by  the  recorder  and  nine  other  citizens 
claiming  West  and  Shirley  hundreds  ivs  belonging  to  them.  (1)  LC.     (2)  VHS. 

IV.        Ref:  See  under  No.  40. 
See  No.  40,  Remarks. 


1617-1618]  LI8T  OF  THE  RECORDS  127 


NOVEMBER  30 


62.*  Governor  Argall.     Letter  to  citizens  of  Bermuda  Hundred  that  he  will  not  infringe  their 
rights  but  begs  that  colony  servants  may  remain  there  this  year.         (1)  LC.     (2)  VH.S. 
IV.        Ref:  See  under  No.  40. 

See  No.  40,  Remarks. 


BECEMBER  4 


63.*  Privy  Council.     Order  that  the  Virginia  Company  should  be  custom  free  for  goods  retume<l 
from  the  Colony  until  expiration  of  the  grant.  PC.     [NY] 

I.  ReJ:  Privy  Council  Register,  James  I,  Vol.  Ill,  p.  201. 

Transcript,  Now  York  Public  Library,  Barlow  Papers,  Virginia,  Vol.  I. 

DECEMBER  27 

64.*  Lord  De  La  Warr.     Lord  De  La  Warr's  covenant  to  Lord  Zouch  for  his  adventure  to  Virginia. 
VII.      ReJ:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  I,  No.  36.  PC.     [NY] 

Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  18. 

Transcript,   New  York  Public  Library,   Bancroft  Collection,  Virginia  Papers,   Vol.   I,  pp. 
199-201. 

1617/18 

65.*  Governor  ArgaU.     "Certain  Reasons  touching  y'  most  convenient  times  &  sea,«ons  of  y"  year 
for  y«  magazine  ship  to  set  forth  for  EngF  towards  Virg.'"  (1)  LC.     (2)  VHS. 

IV.        Ref:  See  under  No.  40. 
See  No.  40,  Remarks. 

66.*  .     Letter  to  the  Council  for  Virginia,  wishing  to  be  relieved  as  governor,  complaining 

because  they  have  joined  the  cape  merchant  with  him  in  equal  trust. 
IV.        Ref:  See  under  No.  40.  (1)  LC.     (2)  VHS. 

See  No.  40,  Remarks. 

67.*  .     Four  warrants  as  to  trade  and  relations  with  the  Indians.  (1)  LC.     (2)  VHS. 

IV.        Ref:  See  under  No.  40. 
See  No.  40,  Remarks. 

[1618  ?] 

58.*  A  complete  list  in  alphabetical  order  of  the  "Adventurers  to  Virginia,"  with  the  several 
amounts  of  their  holding.  PRO. 

III.       Ref:  Manchester  Papers,  No.  241. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  JISS.  Com.,  Eiffhih  Report,  pt.  2,  p.  3.3. 

The  date  may  be  1619.    See  an  order  of  the  Virginia  Company  Court  Book,  Dec.  15,  1619,  and 
June  23, 1620. 

69.*  Defalcation  made  to  the  farmers  of  the  customs  for  the  subsidy  of  goods  from  and  to  Virginia, 
1613-18.  KP. 

III.       Ref:  MSS.  collection  of  Lord  Sackville. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  251. 

60.*  Abraham  Jacob.     Receipt  of  tobacco  from  Lady-day  to  Michaelmas;  Michaelmas  to  January 
23.     Total  of  £5,646  18s.  6d.  KP. 

III.       Ref:  MSS.  collection  of  Lord  Sackville. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Fourth  Report,  314. 

16466— VOL  1—06 9 


128  INTRODUCTION  [1617/18 

1617/18 


JANTJABY  18 


61.     John.  Chamberlain.     A  letter  to  Sir  Dudley  Carleton  concerning  the  death  of  Pocahontas. 

VII.      Ref:  State  Papers,  Domestic,  James  I,  Vol.  40,  No.  25.  PRO. 

Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  18. 


JAXVAB.T  87 


62.     John  Robinson  and  William  Bruster  (Puritans).     Letter  to  Sir  John  Wolstenholme. 
VI.        Puh:  Neill,  E.,   Virginia  Co.  of  Lond.,  125-126. 


JAtrUABY  31 

63.     John  Chamberlain.     A  letter  to  Sir  Dudley  Carleton   concerning  the  departure  of  Lord 
La  Warr  for  Virginia.  PRO. 

VII.      Ref:  State  Papers,  Domestic,  James  I,  Vol.  45,  No.  27. 

Puh:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  19. 

FEBBUAHY  3 

64.*  Governor  Argall.     Order  addressed  to  the  commander  of  Kiquotan  not  to  permit  landing 
of  sailors  on  arrival  of  vessels.  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  Misc.  Papers,  1606-1683,  quarto.     (Abstract  only.) 
See  No.  40,  Remarks. 

FBBBT7ABY  20 

65.*  Governor  Argall.     Commission  to  William  Cradock  to  be  provost  marshal  of  Bermuda  City 
and  Hundred.  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  Misc.  Papers,  1606-1683,  quarto,  pp.  92-93.     (Abstract  only.) 

See  No.  40,  Remarks. 

BCABCH  6 

66.*  Privy  Council.     I>etter  to  Lord  De  La  Ware  stating  that  Henry  Sheriey,  an  escaped  debtor  is 
not  to  be  harbored  in  Virginia.  PC. 

I.  Ref:  (1)  Privy  Council  Register,  James  I,  Vol.  Ill,  p.  295.     (2)  State  Papers,  Domes- 

tic, James  I,  Vol.  46,  p.  527. 

MABCH  10 

67.*  Governor  Arg'all.     Letter  to  tlie  Virginia  Company  describing  the  ruinous  condition  in  which 
he  found  the  colony  and  the  improvements  he  had  made.  LC. 

IV.        jRc/.-  Misc.  Papers,  1606-1683,  quarto.     (Abstract  only.) 
See  No.  40,  Remarks. 

MAEOH  18 

68.     John  Chamberlain.     A  letter  to  Sir  Dudley  Carleton,  concerning  the  departure  of  Lord  La 
Warr  for  Virginia.  PRO. 

VII.      Ref:  State  Papers,  Domestic,  James  I,  Vol.  45,  No.  63. 

Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  Slate  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  19. 

KABOH  so 

69.*  Privy  Council.     Orders  for  transportation  of  prisoners,  mentioned  by  name,  to  Virginia. 

1.  Ref:  Privy  Council  Register,  James  1,  Vol.  Ill,  p.  31U.  PC. 


1618]  LI8T  OF  THE  RECORDS  129 

1618 

MABCH  29 

70.     Virginia  Company.     A  letter  to  the  mayor  of  Salisbury  concerning  a  college  for  Virginia, 
in.        Pub:  New  England  Hist,  and  Geneal.  Register. 

MAY  a. 

71.*  Governors  of  the  Virginia  Company.  Letter  to  the  mayor  and  aldermen  of  Leicester, 
soliciting  countenance  of  the  lottery  for  the  furtherance  of  the  endeavor  of  the  said 
company.  LEI. 

III.  Ref:  Corporation  of  Leicester,  6th  vol.  of  Hall  Papers.     VIII. 
Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  1,  p.  43.5. 

MAY  3 

72.*  Lord  Admiral  Nottingham's  pass  for  the  "Edwin"  of  London,  returned  from  Virginia. 

VI.        Ref:  State  Papers,  Domestic,  James  I,  Vol.  XCVII,  No.  .56.  PRO. 

Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  538. 

MAY  4 

73.*  John  Bargrave  and  James  Brett.     John  Bargrave,  owner,  and  James  Brett,  master  of 
"  Edwin;"  bond  for  £100  to  indemnify  Lord  Zouch  for  delivering  the  ship  to  them. 
VI.        Ref:  State  Papers,  Domestic,  James  I,  Vol.  XCVII,  No.  56.  PRO. 

Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  538. 

MAY  10 

74.*  Governor  Argall.     Proclamations  or  edicts  relating  to  attendance  at  church.  LC. 

IV.  Ref:  Misc.  Papers,  1606-1683,  quarto.      (Abstract  only. ) 

See  No.  40,  Remarks. 

MAY  18 

76.*  Governor  Argall.     Proclamations  or  edicts  regulating  acts  of  colonists  as  to  trade.  LC. 

IV.        iff/.-  Misc.  Papers,  1606-1683,  quarto.     (Abstract  only.) 
See  No.  40,  Remarks. 

76.*  Sir  E.  Sandys,  H.  Timbertake,  J.  Ferrar.  Meeting  of  a  committee  forSmythes  Hundred  to 
provide  for  transportation  and  furnishing  of  35  men  to  be  sent  to  the  Colony,  giving 
method  of  Hundreds.  MC.     [LC] 

IV.        Ref:  Ferrar  Papers. 

Photograph   and  transcript  in   Library  of  Cougress.    Corrections  by  Nicholas  Ferrar  and 
address  and  notes  by  J.  Ferrar. 

JUNE  11 

77.*  Lord  Zouch.  Letter  to  Captain  Ward  <'oncerninK  the  venture  of  a  pinnace  to  Virginia  witli 
John  Bargrave.  PRO. 

VI.        Ref:  State  Papers,  Domestic,  James  I,  Vol.  CHI,  No.  44. 
Piib:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  19. 

JUNE  la 

78.*  Governors  of  the  Virginia  Company.  Letter  to  the  mayor  and  aldermen  of  Leicester 
Account  of  drawings  of  lottery,  June  12,  1618.  LEI. 

111.       Ref:  See  under  No.  75. 
Pub:  See  under  No.  75. 


130  nUTRODVCTlO^  [1818 

JTJNB  14 

79.*  Privy  Council.     Order  for  the  transportation  of  prisoners  to  Virginia.  PC. 

I.  Ref:  Se«  under  No.  41. 

Pub:  See  under  No.  41. 

ATjatrST  S3 

80.  Virginia  Company.     Letter  to  Capt.  Samuel  ArgoU  sent  by  the  "William  and  Thomas" 

concerning  his  abuse  of  the  company's  property.  LC. 

III.       Ref:  MS.  Court  Book,  Virginia  Co.,  II,  2,S. 

Pub:  (1)  Kingsbury,  iif corrfsT'irpifiia  Co.,  II.     (2)  Brook,  FiryiniaCompani/,  II,  31-33. 

AUQITST  23 

81.  Virginia  Company.     An  extract  from  a  copy  of  a  letter  sent  to  Lord  De  La  Warr,  by 

"  Wililam  and  Thomas,"  touching  Capt.  Samuel  Argoll.  LC. 

III.       Ref:  MS.  Court  Book,  Virginia  Co.,  II,  29. 

Pub:  (1)  Kingsbury,  iJecorrfs  Virginia  Co. ,1\.     (2)  Brock,  Firj/miaOsmpant/,  II,  33-35. 

OCTOBEB  (?) 

82.*  Captain  Andrews.     A  letter  to  Lord  Zouch,  concerning  his  intended  voyage  to  Virginia 
with  Jacob  Braems.  PRO.     [NY] 

VII.      Rtf:  State  Papers,  Domestic,  James  I,  Vol.  CIII,  No.  33. 
Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  19. 

Transcript  in  N.  Y.  Public  Library,  Bancroft  Collection,  Virginia  Papers,  I,  p.  227-233. 

OCTOBEB  14 

83.  John  Chamberlain.     A  letter  announcing  the  death  of  Lord  La  Warr  and  the  shipping  of 

100  boys  and  girls  to  Virginia  by  "City."  PRO. 

VI.  Ref:  State  Papers,  Domestic,  James  I,  Vol.  CIII,  No.  33. 

Pub:  Calendar,  State  Papers,  Domestic,  James  1,  1611-1618,  p.  548. 

OCTOBEB  ig 

84.  Sir  Ed.  Hext.     A  letter  from  the  justice  of  peace  of  Somersetshire,  to  the  Privy  Council, 

concerning  the  impressment  of  maidens  to  be  sent  to  Virginia.  PRO. 

VII.  Rff:  State  Papers,  Domestic,  James  I,  Vol.  CIII,  No.  42. 

Pub:  (1)    Va.  Mag.  of  Hist.,  VI,  228-230.     (2)  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers, 
Colonial,  19. 

OCTOBEB  as 

86.*  John  Pory.      A  letter  to  Su'  Dudley  Carleton,   concerning   the  appointment  of  Sir  Geo. 
Yeardley  as  governor  of  Virginia.  PRO. 

VII.      Ref:  State  Papers,  Domestic,  James  I,  Vol.  CIII,  No.  46. 

Pxib:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  pp.  19-20. 

NOVEMBBB  18 

86.     Virginia  Company.     The  form  of  a  patent  of  land. 
III.        Pub:  Brown,  First  Republic,  605-606,  note. 

87.*  Virginia  Council.     Proprietary  instructions  to  George  Yeardley,  governor  of  Virginia. 

(1)  LC.     (2)  VHS. 
III.       Ref:  (1)  Misc.  Records  1606-1692,  pp.  72-83.     (2)  Randolph  MSS.,  Ill,  44-160. 
Pib:  Virginia  Magazine  of  History  and  Biographij,  II,  154-165. 


1618-1618/19]  U8T  OF  THE  RECORDS  131 

NOVSICBER  28 

88.*  John  Pory.     A  letter  to  Sir  Dudley  Carleton,  concerning  Pory'a  appointment  as  secretary  of 
Virginia.  PKO. 

VII.      Ref:  State  Papers,  Domestic,  James  I,  Vol.  CIII,  No.  111. 

Put.-  Calendar,  State  Papers,  Domestic,  James  I,  1611-1618,  p.  598. 

89.*  John  Chamberlain.     A  letter  stating  that  Yeardley,   "a  mean  fellow,"  goes  to  Virginia  as 
governor,  knighted  by  King,  and  flaunts  the  same.  PRO. 

VII.      Ref:  State  Papers,  Domestic,  James  I,  Vol.  CIII,  No.  110. 
Pah:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  20. 

NOVEMBER  30 

90.*  Privy  Council.     A  warrant  to  send  James  Stringer,  a  reprieved  prisoner,  from  Newgate  to 
Virginia.  PC. 

I.  Ref:  Privy  Council  Register,  James  I,  Vol.  IV,  53. 

1619 

91.*  Ferdinando  Yate.     "The  voyage  .  .  .  to  verginia,"  a  story  of  the  journey.  NY. 

VI.  Ref:  Smyth  of  Nibley  Papers,  13. 
Pub:  N.   Y.  Pah.  Lih.  Bull,  I  70-72. 

Autograph  document.  The  voyage  was  probably  in  September,  aud  the  account  written  in 
January. 

92.*  Virginia  Company.     "Anote  of  the  shipping,  men,  and  Provisions,  sent  to  Virginia  by  the 
Treasurer  and  Company,  in  the  yeere  1619."     Printed;  1619.  (1)   NY.     (2)   KP. 

III.  Ref:   (1)  Broadside.     (2)  MSS.  in  the  Collection  of  Earl  De  La  Warr. 
Pub:  (1)  Force,  Tracts,  III,  No.  V.     (2)  Va.  Mag.  of  Hist.,  VI,  231-2. 

ThiB  broadside  is  usually  included  in  the  Declaration  oJ  the  State  of  Virginia,  1C20.  See 
post,  No.  183. 

[1619] 

93.*  [John]  Delbridge  [Yeardley].     A  letter  to  Sir  Edwin  Sandys,  concerning  Captain  Argull 
and  the  specitic  affairs  of  the  colony  upon  his  arrival.  MC.     [LC] 

IV.  Ref:  Ferrar  Papers. 

An  indorsement  in  a  later  hand  gives  letter  as  from  Delbridge.  .\utograph  is  S'  Geo.  Yeard- 
ley's.  Written  soon  after  April  29, 1G19.  [Photographic  reproduction  of  part,  and  transcript 
in  the  Library  of  Congress.] 

94.*  Sir  Geo.  Yeardley.     A  letter  to  [Sir  Edwin  .'^andys]   concerning  the  seating  of  old  settlers, 
C'aptain  .\rgoll,  tobacco  sent  to  Flushing,  and  relations  with  Opochancono.     MC.     [LC] 
IV.        Ref:  Ferrar  Papers. 
A.  L. 

96.*  Sale  of  ship  "New  Year's  Gift,"  to  Robert,  Earl  of  Warwick,  by  Roger  Dunster  and  John 
Thompson.  PRO. 

VII.  Ref:  Manchester  Papers,  No.  248. 

Puh:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  2,  p.  33. 

1618  19 

FEBKUART  3 

96.     Lord  Russell.     A  letter  to  Sir  Clement  Edwardes,  concerning  a  prisoner  to  be  sent  to  Virginia. 
VII.      Ref:  State  Papers,  Domestic,  James  I,  Vol.  CV,  No.  75.  PRO. 

Pub:  Calendar,  State  Papers,  Domestic. 


132  I^'TRODVCTIOy  [1618/19-1619 

97.*  Indenture  between  Sir  Wm.  Throckmorton  and  the  Virginia  Company  et  al.,  for  a  plantation 
in  Virginia.  NY. 

III.       Ref:  Smyth  of  Nibley  Papers,  Smyth  3  (4),  pp.  53-58. 
Pub:  K  y.  Ptth.  Lib.  Bull,  1899,  III,  161-164. 
A  contemporary  copy. 

FEBEUABT  4 

98.     Wm.  Ward.     A  letter  to  Lord  Zouch,  warden  of  Cinque  Ports,  concerning  Mr.  Upton  aa 
captain  of  a  pinnace  to  Virginia.  CHILD. 

VI.        Eef:  MS.  collection  of  J.  Eliot  Hodgkin,  esq.,  F.  S.  A. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Fifteenth  Repwt,  pt.  2,  p.  279. 

FEBBUABY  16 

99.*  Lord  Zouch.     A  warrant  for  John  Fenner,  captain  of  "Silver  Falcon,"  and  Henry  Bacon, 
master,  to  pass  to  Virginia,  and  trade  with  colony  and  savages.  PRO.     [NY] 

VI.        Ref:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  I,  No.  44. 

Put.-  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  Slate  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  21. 

Transcript,  New  York  Public  Library,  Bancroft  Papers,  I.  pp.  236-237. 

FEBBUABT  18 

100.*  Sir  Wm.  Throckmorton  and  others.     A  letter  to  Sir  Geo.  Yeardley,  concerning  a  patent  for 
tlieir  Virginia  plantation.  NY. 

VI.        Ref:  Smyth  of  Nibley  Papers,  4. 

Pub:  Calendar:  N.  Y.  Pub.  Lib.  Bull,  1899,  Vol.  Ill,  p.  165;  I,  p.  187. 
A  contemporary  copy. 

FEBBUABT  SB 

101.*  Privy  Council.     An  order  concerning  the  ship  "Treasurer,"  and  its  offence  against  Spaniards. 
I.  Ref:  Privy  Council  Register,  James  I,  Vol.  IV,  433.  PC. 

Pub:  Brown:  Firsl  Republic,  358. 


102.*    Grant  to  Abraham  and  John  Jacobb,  collector  of  customs  or  imposts  on  tobacco  imported 
into  England  and  Wales.     Yearly  fee  £150.  PRO. 

I.  Ref:  Docquet  Book,  Signet  OflBce. 

1619 

APKH.  10 

103.*  Sir  Wm.  Throckmorton.     A  letter  to  John  Smyth,  concerning  the  plantation  in  Virginia. 

VI.        flc/.-  Smyth  of  Nibley  Papers,  Smyth,  6.  NY. 

Ptib:  Calendar:  N.  Y.  Pub.  Ub.  Bull,  I,  187. 
A.  L.  S.  with  seal. 

APKH.   13 

104.*  Richard  Berkeley.     A  letter  to  John  Smyth,  of  Nibley,  concerning  the  plantation  in  Vir- 
ginia. NY. 


VI.        Ref:  Smyth  of  Nibley  Papers,  Smyth,  5. 

Pu6;  Calendar:  N.  Y.  Pub.  Ub.  Bull,  I,  187. 
A.  L.  S.  with  seal. 


1619]  LIST  OF  THE  RECORDS  133 


AFBH.  37 

106.*  Sandys,   Harwood,   Wolsenlian,   Rich,   Johnson.      Draft  of  a  report  of    a    committee 

describing  the  "  particular  duties"  of  tlie  several  officers  of  the  Virginia  Company. 

III.  Ref:  Manchester  Papers,  No.  245.  PRO. 
Piib:  (1)  Brown,   First  Republic,  301-305.     (2)  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eighth 

Report,  pt.  2,  p.  33. 

1619.  APRTL  28—1624.  JXrNE  7 

106.*  Virginia  Company.  The  Court  Book  of  the  Virginia  Company  of  London;  the  minutes  of 
the  extraordinary,  preparative,  and  general  quarter  courts  from  1619,  April  28,  to  1624, 
June  7,  except  May  20,  and  the  first  part  of  May  22,  l(j20,  which  are  missing.  LC. 

II.         Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Vols.  1,  II. 

Pnb:  (1)  Kingsbury,  Records  Virginia  Co.,  Vols.  I,  11.     (2)  Brock,  riVymia  Companij, 
Vols.  I,  II.     (Extracts.) 

A  contemporary  copy,  attested  by  the  secretary  of  the  company,  Edward  Collingwood. 

APRIL  28-JTrLT  21 

107.*  Notes  made  from  the  Court  Books  [of  the  Virginia  Company]  "concerning  the  manner  of 
levying  public  charges,"  etc.,  1619,  k\,r\\  28-July  21.  PRO. 

II.  Ref:  Manchester  Papers,  No.  246. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  2,  p.  33. 

MAT  8 

108.  John  Chamberlain.     A  letter  to  Sir  Dudley  Carleton,  concerning  election  of  Sir   Edwin 

Sandys,  treasurer  of  the  Virginia  Company.  PRO. 

VII.      Ref:  State  Papers,  Domestic,  James  I,  Vol.  CIX,  No.  18. 
Pub:  Calendar,  State  Papers,  Domestic,  p.  44. 

MAY  28 

109.  Governor  Arg-oll.     An  enactment  fixing  the  limits  of  Jamestown,  Virginia.  LC. 

IV.  Ref:  MS.  Court  Book,  Virginia  Co.,  II. 

Pub:  (1)  Kingsbury,  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,   II,  Index.     (2)  Brock,    ]'irginia  Company, 
II,  37. 

JTJira!  17.  21 

110.*  Treasurer  and  Council  for  Virginia.  (1)  A  commission  to  Wye.  (2)  A  letter  to 
Sir  Geo.  Yeardley,  expressing  pleasure  at  reforms  enacted  and  outlining  policy  toward 
the  Indians. 

III.  Ref:  Admiralty  Court,  Instance  and  Prize,  Libels  80,  No.  123.  PRO. 

In  the  records  of  the  suit  of  the  Virginia  Company  with  Wye.  1620.    See  post.  No.  1-W. 
JXTLY  2 

111.*  Geo.  Thorpe.  A  letter  to  John  Sniithe,  of  Nibley,  concerning  the  expenses  of  a  voyage  to 
Virginia.  NY. 

VI.        Ref:  Smyth  of  Nibley  Papers,  Smyth,  7. 

Pub:  Calendar:  N.  Y.  Pub.  Lib.  Bull.,  I,  187. 

A.  L.  S.  with  seal. 

JTTLY  8 

112.*  "  The  Counsell  of  Virginia."  Copy  of  minutes  relating  to  the  censure  passed  on  Alderman 
Johnson  by  a  committee  of  the  Council  of  Virginia.  PRO. 

III.        Ref:  Manchester  Papers,  No.  250. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  2,  p.  33. 


134  INTRODUCTION  [1619 

113.*  A  short  draft  of  censure  against  Alderman  Johnson  abandoned  in  favor  of  "the  preceding." 
III.       Jief:  Manchester  Papers,  No.  251.  PRO. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  EiglUh  Report,  pt.  2,  p.  34. 


114.*  Geo.  Thorpe.     A  letter  to  John  Smyth,  concerning  Partridge's  misbehavior.  NY. 

VI.        Rtf:  Smyth  of  Nibley  Papers,  Smyth,  8. 

Pub:  Calendar:  N.  V.  Pub.  Lib.  Bull.,  I,  187. 
A.  L.  S.  with  seal. 

115.*  Sir  Geo.  Yeardley.     A  letter  concerning  Argoll's  letters  from  Lord  Ritch. 

IV.        Ref:  Ferrar  Papers.  MC.     [LC] 

A.  L.  S. 

JVLTT  30,  31;  AUGUST  2,  3.  4 

1 16.*  Mr.  Pory.     "A  Reporte  of  the  manner  of  Proceeding  in  the  General  Assembly  convented  at 

James  City."     In  the  autograph  of  John  Pory  indorsed  by  Sir  Dudley  Carleton. 

IV.        Ref:  State  Papers,  Domestic,  James  I,  Vol.  I,  No.  45.  PRO.     [NY] 

Pub:  (1)  Wynne  and  iii\ma.n,  Colonial  Records  of  Virginia.     (State  Senate  Document, 

extra)  Richmond,  1874,  pp.  1-32.     (2)  New  York  Hist.  Soc,  2d  ser..  Ill,  336. 

(3)   Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  Slale  Papers,  p.  22. 

Transcript  in  N.  Y.  Public  Library,  Barlow  Papers;  Bancroft  Papers,  I,  261-343. 

JtTLY.  AUGUST.  AND  SEPTEMBEK 

117.*  The  cost  of  furnishing  the  "Margaret."     Payment  for  tilings  bought  in  London  by  Mr.  Thorpe 
in  July,  .A^ugust,  and  September,  1619.  NY. 

VI.        Ref:  Smyth  of  Nibley  Papers,  Smyth,  3  (13)-(16),  pp.  79-93. 
Pub:  N.  Y.  Pub.  Lib.  Bull.,  Ill,  213-223. 

AUGUST  3 

118.*  Sir  Ed.  Sandys.     A  letter  to  Sir  George  Yeardley,  commending  to  him  the  care  of  Berkeley 
Hundred.  NY. 

VI.        Ref:  Smyth  of  Nibley  Papers,  Smyth  3  (12),  p.  78. 
Pub:  Catalogue:  N.  Y.  Pib.  Lib.  Bull,  I,  186. 

AUGUST  11 

119.*  Gabriel  Barbor.     A  letter  to  Sir  Ed.  Sandys,  recommending  Mr.  Newland.  MO. 

VI.        Ref:  Ferrar  Papers. 

A.  L.  S.  written  from  Exeter. 

AUGUST   16 

120.*  Sir  Ed.  Sandys.     A  letter  to  John  Ferrar,  concerning  the  factions  in  the  company  and 
concerning  Smith's  Hundred.  MC.     [LC] 

VI.        Ref:  Ferrar  Papers. 
A.  L.  S. 

AUGUST  18 

121.*  Charter  party  with  Mr.  Williams,  of  Bristol,  for  the  hire  of  his  ship  "Margaret."  NY. 

VI.        Ref:  Smyth  of  Nibley  Papers,  Smyth,  3  (17),  pp.  94-96. 

Pub:  (1)    N.   Y.  Pub.   Lib.  Bull.,  Ill,   165-167.     (2)  Calendar:  Hist.   MSS.  Com., 
Fifth  Report,  pt.  1,  p.  341. 


1619]  LIST  OF  TBE  RECORD f}  135 


8EPTEMBEB 


122.*  Remembrances  for  Captain  Woodleefe  against  the  return  of  the  ship.  NY. 

VI.        Ref:  Smyth  of  Nibley  Papers,  Smyth,  3  (8),  pp.  71-72. 
Pub:  Catalogue:  A^.   K  Pub.  Lib.  Hull.,  I,  186. 

123.*  "A  lyst  of  the  mon  nowe  sent  for  plantaoon  vnder  Captayne  Woodleefe  governor."  NY. 

VI.        Ref:  Smyth  of  Nibley  Papers,  Smyth,  3  (9),  pp.  73-75. 
Pub:  N.  Y.  Pub.  Lib.  Bull,  III,  210-212. 


SEPTEMBER  4 

124.*  Sir  Wm.  Throckmorton  et  al.  A  commission  to  Capt.  John  Woodleefe  aa  governor  of  the 
town  of  Barkley  in  Virginia,  and  to  act  aa  chief  merchant  for  them.  NY. 

VI.        Ref:  Smyth  of  Nibley  Papers,  Smyth,  3  (5),  pp.  59-60. 
Pub:  Catalogue:  N.  Y.  Pub.  Lib.  Ball,,  I,  186. 

126.*  An  agreement  between  Sir  Wm.  Throckmorton,  Richard  Berkeley,  Geo.  Thorpe,  John  Smyth, 
and  Capt.  Jolm  Woodleaf,  giving  the  terms.  NY. 

VI.        Ref:  Smyth  of  Nibley  Papers,  Smyth,  9,  also  3  (7),  pp.  64-70. 
Pub:  N.  Y.  Pub.  Lib.  Ball.,  Ill,  167-171. 

126.*  Wm.  Throckmorton,  Rich.  Bearkley,  et  al.  "  Ordinances  direcciona  and  Inatructiong  to 
Captaine  John  Woodlefe  for  the  goverment  of  o'  men  &  servants  in  the  Towne  and 
hundered  of  Bearkley  in  Virginia."  NY. 

VI.        Ref:  Smyth  of  Nibley  Papers,  Smyth,  10,  also  3  (6),  pp.  61-63. 
Pub:  N.  Y.  Pub.  Lib.  Ball.,  Ill,  208-210. 

SEPTEMBER  7 

127.*  Indenture  between  the  four  adventurers  of  Berkeley  Hundred  and  Robert  Coopy  of  North 
Nibley.  NY. 

VI.        Ref:  Smyth  of  Nibley  Papers,  Smyth,  11. 

Pub:  Calendar:  N.  Y.  Pub.  Lib.  Bull.,  I,  187. 
Origiual  document  with  seals  affixed. 

SEPTEMBER  e 

128.*  Sir  William  Throckmorton  and  his  three  associates.  Letter  dated  at  Briatol  to  Sir  George 
Yeardley,  asking  him  to  join  in  the  project.  NY. 

VI.        Kef:  Smyth  of  Nibley  Papera,  Smyth,  3  (11),  p.  77. 
Pub:  Catalogue:  N.  Y.  Pub.  Lib.  Bull,  I,  186. 

SEPTEMBER  IS 

129.*  The  Certificate  of  John  Lwye,  the  mayor  of  Briatol,  relating  to  the  men  shipped  under  Capt. 
John  Woodleefe.  NY. 

VI.        Ref:  Smyth  of  Nibley  Papers,  3  (10),  p.  76. 

1619-20 

leig,  SEPTEMBER  16-1680,  SEPTEMBER  16 

130.*  Account  of  A.  B.  of  the  expenses  of  the  last  voyage,  from  September  16,  1619,  to  September 
16,  1620.  NY. 

VI.        Ref:  Smyth  of  Nibley  Papers,  Smyth,  3  (32),  pp.  140-141. 
Pub:  Catalogue:  N.  Y.  Pub.  Lib.  Bull,  I,  186. 


136  INTRODUCTION  [1619 

1619 

BEFTEMBER  SO 

131.*  Sir  Edwin  Sandys.     A  letter  to  John  Ferrar,  urging  a  steadfast  policy  and  the  securing  of 
warrants.  MC.     [LC] 

VI.        Ref:  Ferrar  Papers. 
A.  L.  s. 

8EPTSMBEB  29 

132.*  Sir  Edwin  Sandys  (P).     A  letter  to  the  [Earl  of  Southampton],  concerning  plans  for  planters 
and  Yeardley's  resignation.  MC.     [LC] 

VI.        Ref:  Ferrar  Papers. 

A  rough  draft  in  Sandye'  autograph. 

SEPTEMBER  30 

133.*  John  Pory.     A  letter  to  "the  Right  Hon'''  and  my  singular  good  lorde"  from  James  city  in 

Virginia,  concerning  the  expedition  of  Captain  Argall  to  the  West  Indies;  the  need  of 

the  English  plough,  vines,  and  cattle  in  the  colony;  the  success  of  some  of  the  colonists 

in  acquiring  wealth.  NY. 

IV.        Ref:  Barlow  Collection,  2270. 

A.  L.  S. 

OCTOBER  a 

134.*  Gabriel  Barbor.     A  letter  to  Sir  Edwin  Sandys,  concerning  the  ease  with  which  money  was 
collected  for  the  lottery.  MC.     [LC] 

VI.        Ref:  Ferrar  Papers. 
A.  L.  s. 

OCTOBER  4 

135.*  Sir  Edwin  Sandys.     A  letter  to  John  Ferrar,  concerning  entries  in  the  Court  Book. 

VI.        Ref:  Ferrar  Papers.  MC.     [LC] 

OOTOBEH  18 

130.*  Sir  Edw^in  Sandys.     A  letter  to  John  Ferrar,  concerning  factions  in  the  company  and  his  own 
tinances.  MC.     [LC] 

VI.        Ref:  Ferrar  Papers. 

Pub:   Virginia  Mag.  Hist,  and  Biog.,  X,  41&-417. 
A.  L.  S. 

NOVEMBER  6 

137.*  Privy  Council.     A  letter  to  Abraham  Jacobs  to  release  the  tobacco  to  the  Virginia  Company. 
1.  Ref:  Privy  Council  Register,  James  I,  Vol.  IV,  p  358.  PC. 

NOVEMBER  11 

138.*  Council  in  Virg'inia.     "The  putting  out  of  the  Tenants  that  came  over  in  the  B.  N.  w"  other 
orders  of  the  Councell."  MC.     [LC] 

III.       Ref:  Ferrar  Papers. 

Indorsement  and  marginal  notes  in  John  Ferrar's  handwriting.     Photographic  reproduction 
and  transcript  in  the  Library  of  Congress. 

NOVEMBER  13 

130.*  Governor  and  Council  in  Virginia.     An  order  appointing  tasters  of  tobacco.        MC.     [LC] 
III.        Ref:  Ferrar  Papers. 

Photographic  reproduction  and  transcript  in  the  Library  of  Congress. 


1619-1620]  LIST  OF  THE  RECORDS  137 


DBOEKBEB  4 

140.*  Sir  Oeorge  Yeardley.  Certificate  with  regard  to  the  arrival  of  the  "Margaret"  in  Virginia, 
with  the  names  of  passengers.  NY. 

IV.        Ref:  Smyth  of  Nibley  Papers,  Smyth,  3  (18),  p.  97. 
Pub:  Catalogue:  N.  Y.  Fuh.  Lib.  Bull.,  I,  186. 

DEOEMBEB  30 

141.*  James  I.     Printed  proclamation  to  restrain  the  planting  of  tobacco  in  England  and  Wales. 

(l)PRO.    (2)KP.     (3)  ANT.     (4)  Q. 
I.  iie/.-  (1)  Proclamations,  James  I,  No.  74.     (2)  Earl  DeLaWarr  Collection.     (3j  Anti- 

quaries.    (4)  Collections  of  proclamations. 
Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Fourth  Report,  pt.  1,  p.  299. 

[1620]  (?) 

142.*  Adventurers  and  Planters.  Copy  of  a  petition  to  the  "Lds  &  rest  of  the  body  politic  for 
the  state  of  his  Maj's  Colony  in  Virginia,"  from  "many  of  1"  person,  adventurers  & 
planters  willing  and  ready  to  prepare  thither."  PRO. 

III.         Ref:  Manchester  Papers,  No.  247. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  2,  p.  33. 
143.*  Sir  Nathaniel  Rich  (P).     Statement,  possibly  intended  for  a  speech  before  Virginia  Company 
in  defense  of  the  Earl  of  Warwick.  PRO. 

III.       Ref:  Manchester  Papers,  No.  279. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  2,  pp.  35-36. 

144.*  Rough  notes  for  his  defense  before  the  council  of  the  Virginia  Company  on  the  charge 

of  having  altered  an  order  of  the  council,  which  he  had  been  requested  to  draw  up. 
III.        Ref:  Manchester  Papers,  No.  280.  PRO. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  2,  p.  36. 
145.*  Rough  draft  of  proposition  affecting  the  Virginia  Company,   viz,  that  matters   in  dispute 
between  them  and  Captain  Argall  be  referred  to  arbitration,  etc.  PRO. 

III.       Ref:  Manchester  Papers,  No.  281. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  2,  p.  36. 
146.*  List  of  names  of  His  Majesty's  council  for  Virginia,  given  in  the  three  patents  and  since.     PRO. 

III.  Ref:  Manchester  Papers,  No.  288. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  2,  p.  37. 

[BARLY] 

147.*  Governor  Nath.  Butler.  A  letter  to  [Sir  Nath.  Rich]  (?)  from  the  Summer  Island  colony, 
referring  to  the  "Treasurer."  PRO. 

IV.  Ref:  Manchester  Papers,  Nos.  269-270. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  2,  p.  35. 

1620-22 

148.     Oapt.  Nath.  Butler.     History  of  the  Bermudas.  BM. 

VII.      Ref:  Sloane  MSS.,  750. 

Pub:  LeFroy,  The  Historye  of  the  Bermudoes. 

1620 

TRINITY  TKRM 

149.*  Virginia  Company  con  Wye.     Complaint  and  accompanying  documents.  PRO. 

III.       Ref:  Admiralty  court.  Instance  &  Prize,  Libels  80,  Nos.  121-124. 
See  ante  No.  110. 


138  INTRODUCTION  [1620-1619/20 

1620 

150.     Banoeil.     "Observations  to  be  followed,  for  the  making  of  fit  roomes,  to  keepe  Silk-wormes 
in:  as  also,  for  the  best  manner  of  planting  Mulbery  trees  to  feed  them."     Printed. 
V.  (1)  JCB.     (2)  NY. 

Quarto.    21  pages.    Imprinted   Felix   Kingston.     Pages  25-27  mis.iing,  evidently  misniim- 
bered.    This  work  contains  pos(  No.  161,  pp.  25-28.    Reprinted,  1622.    See  pos(  No.  347. 

161.  *Virgima  Company.   "A  Valuation  of  the  Commodities  growing  and  to  be  had  in  Virginia  (?) 
rated  as  they  are  worth."     Printed.  (1)  PRO.     (2)  BOD.     (3)  JCB.     (4)  NY. 

V.  Ref:  (1)  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  I,  No.  24  (MSS.) .     (2)  MSS.  No.  bO",  14. 

Included  in  the  printed  book,  cited  above,  No.  150. 

152.*  Virginia  Company.     "A  note  of  Shipping,  Men,  and  Provisions,  sent  and  Prouided   for 
Virginia."     Printed.  (1)  BM.     (2)  ANT.     (3)  PRO. 

V.  Ref:  (2)  Printed  broadsides,  James  I,  No.  180.     (3)  Manchester  Papers,  No.  291. 

1619  20 

jAirnABY 

153.*  John  Peirse.     John  Peiree  to  Sir  Edwin  Sandys  by  the  "George."  MC.     [LC] 

I V.        Ref:  Ferrar  Papers. 
A.  L.  S. 

JANUABY 

164.*  John  Bolfe.     A  letter  to  Sir  Ed.  Sandys,  concerning  the  first  meeting  of  the  Assembly  and 
other  details  of  the  Colony.  MC.     [LC] 

IV.        Ref:  Ferrar  Papers. 

jAjraABT  10 

156.*  Sir  Geo.  Yeardley.     "S'.  Geo:  Yardles   I'r   10.  Jan:  1619:  of  the  Place  assigned   for  our 
Berkely."  NY. 

VI.  Ref:  Smyth  of  Nibley  Papers,  Smyth,  14. 
Pub:  N.  Y.  Pub.  Lib.  Bull,  I,  72. 

A.  S. 

JAirUABY  13 

158.*  John  Pory.     A  letter  to  [Sir  Ed.  Sandys]  by  the  "George,"  concerning  Samuel  Argall. 

IV.        iJf/.  Ferrar  Papers.  MC.     [LC] 

[Photographic  reproduction  of  part  and  transcript  in  the  Library  of  Congress.]     A.  L.  S. 

JAinjAST  14 

167.     John  Pory.     A  letter  to  Sir  Edwin  Sandys,  concerning  the  arrival  and  location  of  men.     MC. 
IV.        Ref:  Ferrar  Papers. 

Pub:  Va.  Mag.  of  Hist.,  X,  289-290. 

[Photograph  of  beginning  and  of  end,  Vol.  X,  pp.  416-417,]     A.  L.  S. 

JAITUAKY  la 

168.*  John  Pory.     A  letter  to  Sir  Edwin  Sandys,  concerning  Gov.  Yeardley  and  also  various  com- 
modities. MC.  [LC] 
IV.        Ref:  Ferrar  Papers. 
L.  s. 

JANTTABY  21 

169.     Council  in  Virginia.     Letter  from  colony  to  company  concerning  tobacco.  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Court  Book,  Virginia  Co.,  II,  220. 

Pub:  (1)  Kingahmy,  Records  Virginia  Co.,  jioat,  11;  (2)  Biock,  Virginia  Company,  II,  U6. 


1619/20-1620]  LIHT  OF  THE  RECORDS  139 


JANTJABY  38 


160.     Sir  Edwin  Sandys.     A  letter  to  Sir  Robt.  Naunton,  concerning  the  poor  children  to  be  sent 
to  Virginia.  PRO. 

III.       Ref:  State  Papers,  Domestic,  .James  I,  Vol.  112,  No.  49. 

Pub:  Va.  Mag.  of  Hist.,  VI,  p.  232;  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  Hlait  Papert,  Colonial,  p.  23. 


JANUABT  31 

161.*  Privy  Council.     Order  giving  authority  for  100  children  to  be  sent  to  Virginia.  PC. 

I.  R,f;  Privy  Council  Register,  .lames  I,  Vol.  IV,  p.  400. 

FBBRUABY 

162.*  Charges  incurred  in  obtaining  for  the  plantation  new  supplies  sent  with  Governor  Thorpe. 

VI.  Ref:  Smyth  of  Nibley  Papers,  Smyth,  3  (19).  PP-  98-99.  NY. 
Puh:  Catalogue:  N.  Y.  Pub.  Lib.  Bull.,  I,  p.  186. 

FBBBXJABY  3 

163.     Sir  John  Danvers.     A  letter  to  the  Marquis  of  Buckingham,  concerning  a  proposition  for  his 
Majesty's  profit.  DROP. 

VII.  Ref:  MSS.  of  Hon.  G.  M.  Fortescue. 

Piih:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Second  Report,  p.  57. 

FBBBUARY  26 

164.*  Jas.  Berblocke.     Order  to  Mr.  Ferrar  to  pay  £32  to  Thomas  Stevens  for  Smith's  Hundred. 
VI.        Ref:  Ferrar  Papers.  MC.     [LC] 

[Photographic  reproduction  of  the  end  in  the  Library  of  CongreBS.] 
FEBBTJAEY  20 

166.*  Privy  Council.     An  order  concerning  the  offence  of  the  "Treasurer"  against  the  Spaniards. 
I.  Ref:  Privy  Council  Register,  James  I,  Vol.  IV,  p.  433.  PC. 

Pub:  Brown,  First  Republic,  358. 

KAROH  e 

166.*  Wm.  Weldon.     A  letter  to  Sir  Ed.  Sandys,  complaining  at  provisions  sent  and  reporting  on 
College  Land.  MC.     [LC] 

IV.        Ref:  Ferrar  Papers. 

[Photographic  reproduction  of  part  in  the  Library  of  Congresg.] 

1620 

APRTL  6.  10 

167.*  Sir  Thomas  Bowe,  Mr.  Leate,  Mr.  Caning,  et  al.     (1)  Petition  to  the  Privy  Council  for  a 

patent  for  the  sole  import  of  tobacco  for  7  years.     (2)  A  project  for  the  same. 

(1)  PC.     (2)   BM.  [LC]. 
I.  Ref:  (1)   Privy  Council  Register,  .Tames  I,  Vol.  IV,  p.  475.     (2)  Lansdowne  MSS., 

162,  fo.  159. 

AFBH.  10 

168.*  Privy  Council.     An  order  allowing  the  sole  importation  of  tobacco  as  above.  PC. 

I.  Ref:  Privy  Council  Register,  James  I,  Vol.  IV,  p.  475. 

AfBTL  IS 

169.*  William  Tracy.     A  letter  to  John  Smyth,  concerning  endeavors  for  men  for  the  plantation. 
VI.        Ref:  Smyth  of  Nibley  Papers,  Smyth,  16.  SY. 

Pub:  N.  Y.  Pub.  Lib.  Bull.,  Ill,  248. 
A.  L.  S. 


140  INTRODUCTION  [1620 

MAY  (?) 

170.*  Copy  of  opinion  of  counsel  upon  the  patents  of  the  [Virginia]  Company  with  special  reference 
to  the  power  of  removing  Sir  Thomas  Smith  from  office  of  treasurer.  PRO.     [LC] 

III.        Ref:  Manchester  Papers,  No.  271. 

MAY   1 

171.*  Sir  Edwin  Sandys.     A  letter  to  John  Ferrar,  concerning  the  examination  of  the  acta  of  the 
Assembly  in  Virginia  and  also  their  accounts.  MC.     [LC] 

VI.        Ref:  Ferrar  Papers. 

A.  L.  S.     [Transcript  and  photographic  reproduction  of  part  in  the  Library  of  Congress.] 
MAY  7 

172.*  Indenture  assigning  Sir  Wm.  Throckmorton's  share  of  Berkeley  Hundred  to  Wm.  Tracy. 

VI.        Ref:  Smyth  of  Nibley  Papers,  Smyth,  ,3  (20),  pp.  100-102.  NY. 

Pub:  N.  Y.  Puh.  Lib.  Bull.,  Ill,  248-250. 

MAY  16 

173.*  Alderman  Johnson.     A  letter  to  Sir  Edwin  Sandys,  concerning  the  sale  of  tobacco. 

III.  Ref:  Ferrar  Papers.  MC.     [LC] 

A.  L.  S.     [Transcript  and  photographic  reproduction  in  the  Library  of  Congress.] 
MAY  17 

174.*    Treasurer,  Council,  and  Company  for  Virginia.     A  Broadside  concerning  the  condition 
of  the  colony  and  especially  the  commodities  there  produced.     Printed.  NY. 

V. 

Indorsement  in  autograph  of  John  Smith  of  Nibley  (?). 

[JTJITE] 

176.*  Wm.  Tracy.     Two  letters  to  John  Smyth  "  at  ye  blew  lion  in  Chauserilane  this,"  asking  aid 
for  raising  a  company.  NY. 

VI.       Ref:  Smyth  of  Nibley  Papers,  Smyth,  19. 
Pub:  N.'  Y.  Pub.  Lib.  Bull.,  Ill,  253. 

A.  L.  S. 

176.*  Wm.  Tracy.     A  letter  to  John  Smyth,  concerning  accounts.  NY. 

VI.        Ref:  Smyth  of  Nibley  Papers,  Smyth,  18. 
Pub:  N.  Y.  Pub.  Lib.  Bull,  III,  252. 
A.  L.  S. 

JTTKB  1 

177.*  John  Smyth.     "Copy  of  my  lettre  to  M'  Berkeley.  1.  Junii.  1620  about  our  accompts  for  the 
Virginia  ship  then  returned".  NY. 

VI.       Ref:  Smyth  of  Nibley  Papers,  Smyth,  15. 
Pub:  N.  Y.  Pub.  Lib.  Bull.,  Ill,  2.50-251. 
Indorsed  by  .lohn  Smyth. 

JTTNE  7 

178.*  Sir  Edwin  Sandys.     A  letter  to  Marquis  of  Buckingham,  justifying  his  exposures  of  Sir  Thos. 
Smyth.  PRO.     [NY] 

VI.       Ref:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  I,  No.  51. 

A.  L.  S.    Transcript,  New  York  Public  Library,  Bancroft  Papers,  I,  345-363. 

170.*  Sir  Geo.  Yeardley.     A  letter  to  [Sir  Ed.  Sandys],  complaining  at  the  lack  of  provisions  sent. 

IV.  Ref:  Ferrar  Papers.  MC.     [LC] 

A.  L.  S.    Indorsed  by  Sir  Ed.  Sandys. 


1620]  Llf^T  OF  THE  RECORDS  141 

JUNE   la 

180.*  John  Pory.     A  letter  to  Sir  Edwin  Sandys,  giving  an  elaborate  description  concerning  the 
condition  of  the  colony.  MC.     [LC] 

IV.  Ref:  Ferrar  Papers. 

L.  S.  Marginal  note  in  John  Ferrar'8  autograph.  Photographic  reproduction  and  transcript 
in  the  Library  of  Congreiw. 

181.*  Sir  Edwin  Sandys.     A  letter  to  John  Ferrar,  concerning  letters  from  Virginia.      MC.     [LC] 
VI.        RrJ:  Ferrar  Papers. 
A.  L.  8. 

JUNE  — 

182.*  William  Tracy.     A  letter  to  John  Smyth,  "about  his  dispatch  into  Virgynia,  June  1620." 

VI.        Ref:  Smyth  of  Nibley  Papers,  Smyth,  17.  NY. 

Pub:  N.   }'.  Pub.  Lib.  Bull,  III,  151-152. 

A,  L.  S. 

■rtTNB  22 

183.*  "Counseil  for  Virginia".     "A  Declaration  of  the  State  of  the  Colony  and  Affaires  in  Vir- 
ginia".    Printed.     Including  also  the  following: 
"  A  Note  of  the  Shipping,  1619"; 

"  The  Names  of  the  Adventurers  "  with  the  sums  adventured; 
A  Declaration  of  the  Supplies  to  be  sent,  July  18,  1620; 
"The  Orders  and  Constitutions  .  .  .  for  the  better  gouerning  of  the  Actions  and 

affaires  of  the  [V^irginia]  Companie"; 
Also  in  different  editions  are  found  A  Declaration  of  the  division  of  land,  1616; 
And  A  Declaration  of  November  15,  1620.  (1)  BM.     (2)  C.VMB. 

(3)  HARV.     (4)  JCB.     (5)  LC.     (6)  NEWB.     (7)  NY. 

V.  Pub:  Force,  Tracts,  III,  Nos.  V,  VI. 

For  a  di.scussion  of  the  difference  between  the  editions  and  the  diflerent  supplementary 
"Declarations"  added  after  the  "Orders  and  Constitutions,"  see  antf,  pp.  89-90.  See  also 
List  of  Kecords,  Nos.  91,  220. 

JTJNE  29 

184.*  James  I.     Printed  proclamation  for  the  restraint  of  the  disordered  trading  for  tobacco. 

I.  Ref:  Proclamations,  James  I,  No.  82.  PRO. 

JxriiY 

185.*  [Privy  Council.]     Coniini.ision  to  the  Lord  Treasurer  to  contract  with  Sir  Thomas  Rowe, 

Abraham  Jaiob,  and  Hurdman,  Budd,  et  al.  for  the  importation  of  tobacco.  PRO. 

1 .  Ref:  Docquet  Book,  Signet  Office. 

186.*  Mr.  Russell.     "  Mr.  Russell's  proiect  touching  artificiall  wyne  in  Virginia."  HY. 

IV.        Ref:  Smyth  of  Nibley  Papers,  Smyth,  30. 

Pnb:  N.   Y.  Pub.  Lib.  Bull.,  Ill,  255-256. 

A.  S. 

JTJLY  8 

187.*  William  Tracy.     A  letter  to  John  Smyth,  concerning  "my  cousin  barkli".  NY. 

VI.  Ref:  Smyth  of  Nibley  Papers,  Smyth,  20. 
Pub:  N.  Y.  Pub.  Lib.  Bull.,  Ill,  253. 

A.  L.  S. 

JULY  8 

188.     John  Chamberlain.     A  letter  to  Sir  Dudley  Carleton,  from  London,  concerning  the  election 
of  the  Earl  of  Southampton  as  treasurer  of  the  Virginia  Company.  PRO. 

VII.  Ref:  State  Papers,  Domestic,  James  I,  Vol.  CXVI,  No.  13. 
Pub:  Calendar:  State  Papers,  DomeMic,  Vol.  CXVI,  p.  162. 


142  INTBODVCTION  [1820 

JULY  13 

189.     Virginia  Company.     "A  Commission  graunted  vnto  WLllm  Tracy  Esq  for  a  voyag  intended 

to  Virginia".  NY. 

III.       Eef:  Smyth  of  Nibley  Papers,  Smyth,  3  (22),  p.  123. 

Pub:  N.'  Y.  Pub.  Lib.  Bull,  III,  254-255. 

A  copy. 

JTTLT  14 

190.*  Wm.  Tracy.     Two  letters  to  John  Smyth.  NY. 

VI.        Ref:  Smyth  of  Nibley  Papers,  Smyth,  21,  22. 

Pub:  N.'r.  Pub.  Ub.  Bull.,  Ill,  253-254. 

A.  L.  S. 

JtTLY  19 

191.*  Sir  Edwin  Sandys.     A  letter  to  John  Ferrar,  concerning  personal  and  financial  affairs.     MC. 
in.       Re/:  Ferrar  Papers.  [LC] 

A.  L.  S. 

JTJX.T  33 

192.*  Privy  Council.     Order  to  the  Sollicitor  General   to  prepare  a  patent  for  North  Colony  of 
Virginia.  PC. 

I.  Ref:  Privy  Council  Register,  James  I,  Vol.  IV,  574. 

AUGUST 

193.*  Virginia  Council.     Extract  from  a  letter  affecting  Capt.  Argall.  PRO.     [LC] 

III.       ReJ:  Manchester  Papers,  No.  272. 

AUGUST  3 

194.*  Wm.  Tracy.     A  letter  to  John  Smyth,  concerning  Berkeley  Hundred.  NY. 

VI.        Ref:  Smyth  of  Nibley  Papers,  Smyth,  23. 
Pub:  N.  Y.  Pub.  Lib.  Bull.,  Ill,  2.56. 

A.  L.  S. 

AUGUST  8 

196.*  Wm.  Tracy.     A  letter  to  John  Smyth,  concerning  Berkeley  Hundred.  NY. 

VI.        Ref:  Smyth  of  Nibley  Papers,  Smyth,  24. 
Pub:  N.  Y.  Pub.  Lib.  Bull.,  Ill,  267. 
A.  L.  S. 

AUGUST  18  OR  AUGUST  38 

196.*  Throkmorton,  Berkeley,  Thorpe  &  Smyth.     Revocation  of  Capt.  John  Woodle^f'a  com- 
mission. NY. 
VI.        Ref:  Smyth  of  Nibley  Papers,  Smyth,  3  (23),  p.  124,  also  31. 
Pub:  N.  Y.  Pub.  Ub.  Bull,  111,  257-258. 

3  (23),  copy. 

31,  "Vera  copia  ei'  p.  Rob:  Maundey." 

AUGUST  36 

197.*  Sir  Edwin  Sandys.     A  letter  to  John  Ferrar,  concerning  demands  from  Huddleston. 

III.       Ref:  Ferrar  Papers.  MC.     [LC] 

A.  L.  S. 

AUGUST  38 

198.*  "Covenants  and  agreements  between  Richard  Berkeley  of  Stoke  .  .  .  Greo'ge  Thorpe  .  .  . 
Willm  Tracy  of  Gayles"  .  .  .  and  .  .  .  "John  Smyth  of  Northimbly"  .  .  .  NY. 

VI.        Ref:  Smyth  of  Nibley  Papers,  Smyth,  3,  also  3  (25),  pp.  127-129. 
Pub:  N.   Y.  Pub.  Lib.  Bull,  III,  276-278. 
Copy. 


1620]  LIST  OF  THE  RECORDS  143 

199.*  Commission  to  George  Thorpe  ik  Wm.  Trary  as  governors  of  the  plantation  in  Virginia.    NY. 
VI.        Ref:  Smyth  of  Nibley  Papers,  Smyth,  3  (24),  pp.  125-126. 
Pub:  Catalogue:  N.  Y.  Pub.  Lib.  Bull.,  I,  186. 

Copy. 

AUGUST  31 

200.*  Charter  party  with  Wm.  Kwins  for  the  ship  "Supply"  in  which  Wm. Tracy  went  to  Virginia. 
III.        Ref;  Smyth  of  Nibley  Papers,  Smyth,  3  (29),  pp.  134-136.  NY. 

Puh:  Catalogue:  .V.  i'.  Pub.  Lib.  Bull.,  I,  186. 

Copy. 

BEFTEMBEB 

201.*  An  account  with  Ed.  Williams  for  hire  of  the  first  ship,  and  the  wages  of  Toby  Felgate,  pilot 
in  the  first  voyage.  NY. 

VI.        Re/:  Smyth  of  Nibley  Papers,  Smyth,  3  (33),  p.  142. 
Puh:  Catalogue:  A'    i'.  Pvh.  Lib.  Bull,  I,  187. 
802.*  The  cost  of  furnishing  the  "Supply"  sent  from  Bri.stol.  NT. 

VI.        Ref:  Smyth  of  Nibley  Papers,  Smyth,  3,  pp.  143-150. 
Pub:  N.   Y.  Pub.  Lib.  Bull,  III,  283-290. 

SEPTEMBER  1 

203.*  Berkeley,  Thorpe,  Tracy,  and  Smyth.  Agreement  to  supply  Richard  Smyth  and  wife, 
Anthony  and  Wm.,  their  sons,  Robt.  Bisaker  and  wife,  and  Richard  Hopkins  with  land 
for  cultivation  in  Virginia.  NY. 

VI.        Ref:  Smyth  of  Nibley  Papers,  Smyth,  3  (27),  pp.  132-133. 
Puh:  Catalogue:  N.  Y.  Puh.  Lib.  Bull,  I,  186. 
204.*  Wm.  Tracy.     A  letter  to  .lohn  Smyth  concerning  Berkeley  Hundred.  NY. 

VI.        Ref:  Smyth  of  Nibley  Papers,  Smyth,  25. 
Pub:  N.'  Y.  Pub.  Lib.  Bull.,  Ill,  278. 

A.  L.  S. 

SEPTEMBER  3 

205.*  List  of  Settlers.     "A  list  of  men  no  we  nent  for  plantacon  in  Virginia."  NY. 

VI.        Ref:  Smyth  of  Nibley  Papers,  Smyth,  3  (31),  pp.  138-139. 
Pub:  N.  Y.  Pub.  Lib.  Bull.,  Ill,  290-292. 
The  day  of  month  Dot  given  in  MSS. 

SEPTEMBER  10 

206.*  Richard  Berkeley  and  John  Smyth.     Instructions  and  advice  to  Geo.  Thorpe.  NY. 

VI.        Ref:  Smyth  of  Nibley  Papers,  Smyth,  3  (26),  pp.  129-131. 
Pub:  iV."  Y.  Pub.  Lib.  Bull,  III,  278-280. 

SEPTEMBER  15 

207.*  Wm.  Tracy.     A  letter  to  John  Smyth.     Personal  affairs  of  the  plantation,  otherwise  unim- 
portant. NY. 
VI.        Ref:  Smyth  of  Nibley  Papers,  Smyth,  26. 

Pub:  Calendar:  N.  Y.  Pub.  Lib.  Bull,  I,  188. 

A.  L.  S. 

208.*  Agreement  between  Richard  Berkeley,  George  Thorpe  et  al.,  and  Robert  Pawlett  to  go  to 
Virginia  as  preacher,  surgeon,  and  physician.  NY. 

VI.        Ref:  Smyth  of  Nibley  Papers,  Smyth,  3  (28),  p.  133. 
Pub:  Catalogue:  N.  Y.  Pub.  Lib.  Bull,  I,  186. 

16455— VOL  1—06 10 


144  INTRODUCTION  [1620 

1620-22 

leZO.  SEPTEMBER  18-1622.  MICHABLMAB 

209.*  Account  of  money  expended  since  Win.  Trade's  departure,  September  18, 1620,  until  Michael- 
mas, 1622.  NY. 
VI.        Ref:  Smyth  of  Nibley  Papers,  Smyth,  3  (35),  pp.  151-152. 
Pub:  Catalogue:  N.  Y.  Pub.  Lib.  Bull.,  I,  187. 

1620 

SEPTEMBER    18 

210.*  Thomas  Parker.     Certificate  of  the  mayor  of  Bristol  to  sailing  of  "  Supply,"  with  names  of 
passengers.  NY. 

VI.        Ref:  Smyth  of  Nibley  Papers,  Smyth,  3  (30),  p.  137. 
Pub:  Catalogue:  K.   Y.  Pub.  Lib.  Bull,  I,  186. 
211.*  Sir  Edwin  Sandys.     A  letter  to  John  Ferrar,  urging  Mr.  Carter  to  make  three  catalogues  of 
indebted  adventurers.  MC.     [LC] 

VI.        Ref:  Ferrar  Papers. 
A.  L.  S. 

SEPTEMBER  30 

212.*  John  Smyth.     Account  of  expenses  for  Virginia  plantation.  NY. 

VI.         Ref:  Smyth  of  Nibley  Papers,  Smyth,  32. 

Pub:  Calendar:  .V.  1'.  Pub.  Lib.  Bull.,  I,  189. 
Autograph  of  John  Smyth. 

SEPTEMBER  32 

213.*  Timothy  Gate.     A  letter  to  his  "  cosyn  ]\P  Willia  Tracy  att  Bristol".  NY. 

VI.        Ref:  Smyth  of  Nibley  Papers,  Smyth,  45. 
Pub:  X.   Y.  Pub.  Lib.  Bull,  III,  281. 

SEPTEMBER  23 

214.*  John  Bridges.     A  letter  to  John  Smyth  concerning  the  incarceration  of  Tracy.  NY. 

VI.        Ref:  Smyth  of  Nibley  Papers,  Smyth,  29. 
Pi/6.-  iV.  Y.  Pub.  Lib.  Bull.,  Ill,  281-282. 
A.  L.  S.  with  seal. 

SEPTEMBER   34 

215.*  Wm.  Tracy.     A  letter  to  John  Smyth  concerning  the  journey.  NY. 

VI.        Ref:  Smyth  of  Nibley  Papers,  Smyth,  27. 
Pub:  N.Y.  Pub.  Lib.  Bull.,  Ill,  282. 

A.  L.  S. 

SEPTEMBER   2S 

216.*  William  Tracy.     A  letter  to  John  Smyth  concerning  his  imprisonment.  NY. 

VI.        Ref:  Smyth  of  Nibley  Papers,  Smyth,  28. 
Pub:  N.  Y.  Pub.  Lib.  Bull,  III,  282-283. 
A.  L.  S. 

SEPTEMBER  30 

217.*  Indenture  between  (Tporge  Thorpe  on  one  part  and  Roliert  Oldesworth  and  John  Smyth  on 
the  other.  NY. 

VI.         Ref:  Smyth  of  Nibley  Papers,  Smyth,  12. 

Pub:  Calendar:  N.  Y.  Pub.  Lib.  Bull,  I,  187. 


1620-1620/31]  LIST  OF  THE  RECORDS  145 

OCTOBER   23 

218.*  Oapt.  Butler.     Captain  Butler  to  Nathaniel  Rich,  stating  difference  between  the  2  earls  [South- 
ampton and  Warwick].  PRO. 
VI.         Ref:  Manrhester  Papers,  No.  284. 
210.*  Sir  Sdwiu  Sandys.     A  letter  to  John  Ferrar,  with  a  reference  to  Lord  Chamberlain. 

VI.       Ref:  Ferrar  Papers.  MC.     [LC]. 

A.  L.  S. 

NOVEMBER    15 

220.*  Councell  for  Virginia.     Declaration  in  addition  to  that  of  .Tuly  18  of  phipa  and  supplies  to  be 
sent  to  Virginia,  and  soliciting;  planters  and  money.     Printed.  NY. 

V.  Ref:  In  "  Declaration  of  the  State  of  the  Colony  and  Affaires  in  Virginia." 

See  antt.  No.  183;  also  anle,  p.  89-90. 

DECEUBER    19 

221.*  Geo.  Thorpe.     A  letter  to  John  Smyth  from  "Southampton  Hundred."  NY. 

VI.  Ref:  Smyth  of  Nibley  Papers,  Smyth,  33. 
Pub:  N.  Y.  Pub.  Lib.  Bull,  III,  292-293. 

A.  L.  .S. 

222.     "Greevovs  Grones  for  the  Poore,"  dedicated  to  the  "Company  of  the  Virginian  and  Sommer 
Hand  Plantations."     Printed.  NEWB. 

VII.  Ref:  Collection  of  Ed.  E.  Ayer. 

Printed  for  Michael  Sparke. 

1621 

223.*  Virginia  Company.     "A   note   of  the  shipping,    men,    and   prouisions  .  .  .  prouided   for 
Virginia  by  .  .   .  Southampton,  and  the  Company  ..."     Printed. 

V.  Ref:  (2)  Collection  of  Broadsides,  James  I,  No.  194.  (1)  NY.     (2)  ANT. 

224.     Henry  Fleet.     Henry  Fleet's  Journal  of  Voyage  in  the  "Warwick"  to  Virginia.  LAMB. 

IV.         Pub:  Neill,  The  Engliih  Colonization  of  America. 
225.*  Virginia  Company.     "A  Comission  granted  by  the  Treasurer  Counsell  and  Company  for 
Virginia  to  S'  Thomas  Smith  for  the  free  fishinge  on  the  coast  of  .America."     BJI.     [LC] 

III.        Ref:  Additional  MSS.,  14285,  fols.  73-74. 
226.*  Earl  ofWarwick  with  Edward  Bruster  concerning  the  ships  "Treasurer"  and  "Neptune." 

III.       Ref:  Admiralty  Court,  Instance  and  Prize,  Libel  81,  No.  6.  PRO.      [LC] 

1621(?) 

227.*  "Wallons    and    French."     Promise   of    certain    "Wallons  and    French"   to  emigrate  to 
Virginia.  PRO. 

III.  Ref:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  I,  No.  4.5. 

Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  498. 

1620  21 

JAirUARY  39 

228.*  Sir  Geo.  Teardley.     Certificate  to  Council  and  Company  of  Virginia  of  the  arrival  at  Berkeley 
of  60  persons,  with  list  of  names.  NY. 

IV.  Ref:  Smyth  of  Nibley  Papers.     Smyth,  34. 
Pub:  Calendar:  N.  Y.  Pub.  Lib.  Bull.  I,  189. 

A.  S.  of  George  Yeardley  andjo:  Pory,  Seer.    Seal  and  fitamp:   double  rose. 


146  INTRODUCTION  [1620/21-1621 

JANTJAET  21 

229.*  Sir  Geo.  Yeardley  &  the  Council  in  Virginia.  Copy  of  a  letter  to  Earl  of  Southampton 
and  Council  and  Company  for  Virginia,  forwarding  a  petition  of  colonists  vs.  the 
King's  proclamation  forbidding  importation  of  tobacco.  PRO. 

IV.        A'</;  Manchester  Papers,  No.  290. 

Fub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  2,  p.  37. 
Certified  by  Jolin  Pory. 

FEBRX7AHY  28 

830.*  House  of  Lords.  .\ct  for  repressing  odious  .  .  .  sin  of  drunkenness  and  restraint  ...  of 
excess  price  of  beer  and  ale.     J  of  penalties  to  go  to  the  Virginia  Company.  HL. 

I.  Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Third  Report,  p.  18. 

MAKOH  4 

231.*  Privy  Council.  Order  upon  the  complaint  of  Parliament  of  great  abuse  of  lotteries  for  raising 
monies  towards  the  advancement  of  the  plantation  in  Virginia,  &  relief  of  distresses  there, 
suspending  the  same.  PC.     [NY] 

I.  Ref:  (1)  Privy  Council  Register,  James  I,  Vol.  V,  p.  11.     (2)  Colonial  Entry  Book, 

Vol.  79,  p.  201. 
Fub:  Sainabury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  25. 
Transcript,  N.  Y.  Pub.  Lib.,  Bancroft  Papers,  I,  fo.  367. 
MARCH  6 

232.*  Sir  Georgia  Yeardley.  Grant  by  Sir  Geo.  Yeardley,  Governor  of  A'irginia.  to  Geo.  Harrison 
...  of  200  acres  of  land  .  .  .  PRO.     [NY] 

IV.        Ref:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  I,  No.  53. 

Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  .S'to/f  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  25. 

Original  document  witti  autograph  signatures,  indorsed  by  Jolm  Pory.    Transcript.    N.  Y 
Pub.  Lib.    Bancroft,  I,  361-5. 

UABCE  8 

233.*  James  I.  Proclamation  by  the  King  commanding  Virginia  Company  to  forbear  license  for 
keeping  and  continuing  any  lottery.  (1)Q.     (2)   ANT.     (3)  PRO.     (4)  JCB. 

I.  Ref:  (3)  Proclamation.     James  I,  No.  89. 

Pub:  Sainsbnry,  Calendar  of  Slate  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  25. 

TVTATtnTT  24 

234.*  Geo.  Thorpe.     "A  note  ffor  M'  Ffelgate  to  receaue  his  ffraight"  NY. 

VI.        Ref:  Smyth  of  Nibley  Papers,  Smyth,  35. 

Pub:  Calendar:  N.  Y.  Pub.  Lib.  Bull,  I,  189. 

D.  S. 

MARCH  30 

235.     A  true  relation  of  a  sea  fight  between  two  great  well-appointed  Spanish  men  of  war  and  the 
"Margaret  and  John." 
VI.        Pub:  (1)   Purehaf,    His  Pilgrimes,   IV,   bk.   ix,  ch.   H.      (2)  Brown,    First  Rep'iblie, 
415-416. 

1621 

APRIL  12 

236.*  Wm.  Powell.     A  letter  to  Sir  Edwin  Sandys  concerning  a  difference  with  Yeardley. 

IV.        Ref:  Ferrar  Papers.  MC.     [LC] 

A.  L.  S. 

[Transcript  and  photographic  reproduction  in  the  Library  of  Congress.] 


1621]  LIST  OF  THE  RECORDS  147 


237.*  House  of  Lords.  Draft  of  "An  Act  for  tlie  freer  liberty  of  fishing  and  fishing  voyages  to  be 
made  and  performed  in  ...  the  sea  coa.sta  .  .  .  Virginia,  New  England  .  .  .  and 
parts  of  America."  HL. 

I.  Ref:  Commons  Journal,  I,  578. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Third  Report,  p.  21. 

MAT 

238.*  Whittaker.     A  letter  to  Sir  Edwin  Samlya,  by  "Bona  Nova",  concerning  reception  of  new- 
men.  "  MC.     [LC] 
IV.        Ref:  Ferrar  Papers. 

A.  L.  S.    Outlined  in  Nicholas  Ferrar's  Autograph. 

[Tran.script  and  photographic  reproduction  of  part  in  the  Library  of  Congreas.] 

MAY  3 

239.*  Richard  Bucke.     A  letter  to  Sir  Edwin  Sandys,  requesting  payment  of  the  sums  due. 

[V.        Yilf/.   Ferrar  Papers.  MC.     [LC] 

.\.  L.  S.,  with  .Meal. 

240.*  Council  of  Virginia.  Warrant  by  Council  for  Lieutenant  Saunders  to  have  custody  of 
cattle  left  in  Virginia  by  Captain  Martin.  PRO. 

IV.        Ref:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  Ill,  No.  36,  III. 
Pub:    Vtrginia  Mag.  of  Hist.,  VII,  146. 

MAY  9 

241.*  Geo.  Thorpe  and  Mr.  John  Pory.  A  letter  to  Sir  E.  Sandys.  Complaints  against  Powell 
and  INIadisun.  MC.     [LC] 

IV.        Ref:  Ferrar  Papers. 

MAY  13 

242.*  Governor  and  Council  of  Virginia.     Warrant  concerning  Capt.  John  Martin. 
IV.        Pub:  Brown,  First  Republic,  414, 

MAY   16  ANT)  16 

243.*  Geo.  Thorpe  and  John  Pory.     A  letter  to  Sir  Edwin  Sandys  concerning  Indians,  com- 
modities, and  perplexities  of  government.  MC.     [LC] 
IV.        Ref:  Ferrar  Papers. 

MAY  16 

244.*  George  Thorpe  and  John  Pory.  A  letter  to  Sir  Edwin  Sandys,  concerning  the  commodities 
and  need  of  clothes,  etc.  MC.     [LC] 

IV.        Ref:  Ferrar  Papers. 

Autograph  letter,  with  an  indorsed  summary  by  John  Ferrar. 

[Transcript  and  photographic  rejiroduction  of  part  in  the  Library  of  Congress.] 

MAY    16 

245.*  Sir  Geo.  Y[eardley  (P)].  Copy  of  a  letter  to  the  New  Magazine  Company  by  the  Bona 
Nova,  concerning  personals.  MC.     [LC] 

IV.        Ref:  Ferrar  Papers. 

248.*  .     Copy  by  John  Pory  of  a  letter  to  Sir  Edwin  Sandys  in  answer  to  that  of  Nicholas 

Hyde.  '  MC.     [LC] 

IV.        Ref:  Ferrar  Papers. 


148  IXTRODUCTION  [1621 

247.*  Sir  Geo.  Y[eardley.     A  letter  to  Sir  Edwin  Sandys,  concerning  his  acts  in  the  colony  and 
his  desire  to  return  home.  MC.     [LC] 

IV.        ReJ'.-  Ferrar  Papers. 

Pub:  Virginia  Mag.  of  Hist.,  X,  286-289  (photograph  of  signature). 
A.  L.  S.    Indorsement  by  John  Ferrar. 

MAY  24 

248.*  Abraham  Piersey.     Two  letters  to  S'  Edwin  Sandys,  concerning  a  fishing  voyage  to  New 
Foundland  from  James  City,  and  concerning  tobacco  trade.  MC.     [LC] 

IV.        Ref:  Ferrar  Papers. 

Pub:  Virginia  Mag.  of  Hint.,  X,  418. 

A.  L.  S.    With  seal. 

[Transcript  and  photographic  reproduction  in  the  Library  of  Congress.] 

MAY  27 

249.*  Capt.  Nuce.     A  letter  to  Sir  Edwin  Sandys,  concerning  the  commodities  and  lack  of  provisions. 
IV.        Ref:  Ferrar  Papers.  MC.     [LC] 

In  handwriting  of  a  clerk. 
[Transcript  and  photographic  reproduction  of  part  in  the  Library  of  Congress.] 

JUNE  8 

250.*  Francis  Smith.     A  letter  to  Sir  Edwin  Sandys.     Unimportant.  MC.     [LC] 

VI.        Ref:  Ferrar  Papers. 

A.  L.  S. 

[Transcript  and  photographic  reproduction  of  part  in  the  Library  of  Congress.] 

JXTKE  18 

251.*  Privy  Council.     Order  concerning  North  and  South  Colonies  and  their  fishing  relations. 

I.  Ref:  Privy  Council  Register,  James  I,  Vol.  V,  p.  58.  PC.     [LC] 

JTTNE  22 

252.*  Richard  Bucks.     A  letter  to  Sir  Edwin  Sandys,  complaining  that  agreements  are  not  kept  by 
the  company.  MC.     [LC] 

IV.        Ref:  Ferrar  Papere. 

A.  L,  S. 

[Transcript  and  photographic  reproduction  of  part  in  the  Library  of  Congress.] 

JtTNE  27 

253.*  George  Thorpe.     A  letter  to  Sir  Edwin  Sandys,  concerning  matters  of  small  importance. 

IV.        Ref:  Ferrar  Papers.  MC.     [LC] 

A.  L.  S. 

254.*  Sir  George  Yeardley.     A  letter  to  Sir  Edwin  Sandys,  concerning  the  election  of  a  successor 
and  new  arrivals  in  the  colony.  MC. 

IV.        Rrf:  Ferrar  Papers. 

Pub:  Virginia  Mag.  of  Hist.,  X,  288-289,  (photograph  of  signature). 
A.  L.  s. 

JTJIiY 

255.*  John  Howe.     A  letter  to  Sir  Edwin  Sandys.  MC.     [LC] 

IV.       Ref:  Ferrar  Papers. 
A.  L.  s. 
[Transcript  and  photographic  reproduction  of  a  part  In  the  Library  of  Congress.] 


1621]  LIHT  OF  THE  RECORDS  149 

256.*  William  Ewens.  Covenant  on  part  of  Wm.  Ewens  for  480"  to  see  that  the  Ship  George 
150  tun  is  staunch  and  stron};  ami  fitted  out  with  furniture  and  with  nuarriners  and  sea- 
men, to  take  on  passenges  and  goods  and  to  bring  back  tobacco  from  the  plantation, 
with  forfeit  of  1000".  BM.     [LC] 

III.       lief:  Additional  MSS.,  14285,  fos.  78a-79a. 
257.*  Wm.  Ewens.     Covenant  by  Wm.  Ewena  to  fit  out  the  Ship  Charles,  80  tun  and  take  same 
witli  fraight  and  passengers  to  Virginia  for  certain  [blank]  sum.     Forfeit  of  1000"  for  not 
returning  ship  with  freight.  (  BM.     [LC] 

III.        Ref:  Additional  MSS.,  14285,  fos.  80-81. 

JULY  8 

258.*  Nicholas  Ferrar  and  others.  Warrant  to  pay  Geo.  S[andys]  £20,  addressed  to  the  Earl  of 
Southampton,  signed  by  Nicholas  Ferrar,  Benett,  Blaney,  Wyseman.  MC.     [LC] 

III.        Ref:  Ferrar  Papers. 

.Autograph  signtitiires:  indorsement  by  John  Ferrar. 
[Photographic  reproduction  in  the  Library  of  Congre.ss.] 

JTTLY  24 

259.*  J.  Barnard  and  others.  Warrant  to  Deputy  .l[olin]  F[errar]  forX6  to  Joseph  Fitch;  signed — 
J.  Barnard,  N.  Rich,  Bull,  Richard  Caswell,  John  Blande.  MC.     [LC] 

III.       Ref:  Ferrar  Papers. 

[Photographic  reproduction  in  the  Library  of  Congress.] 
260.*  Virginia  Company.     "  Instruction.^  to  the  Governor  for  the  time  being,  and  Counsel!  of  State 
in  Virginia."  LC. 

III.       Ref:  (1)  MS.  Records,  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  pp.  11-14.     (2)  Instructions,  com- 
micons,  and  letters,  1606-1683,  1-19. 
Pub:  Outline:     Hening,  Virginia  Statutes  at  Large,  I,  p.  114.     Outline:  Stith,  T'lrc^mia, 
pp.  194-196. 
261.*  Treasurer  and  Company.     An  Ordinance  and  Constitution  of  the  Treasurer  and  Company  in 
England  for  Council  and  Assembly  in  Virginia.  LC. 

III.        fief:     (1)  MS.  Rec,  Virginia  Co.,  III.     (2)  Instructions,  commicons,  etc.,  1606-1683, 
21-23. 
Pub:  (1)  Ka.zaTd,  Hist.  Coll.  of  Stale  Papers,  1,131-133.     (2)   Hening,  Virginia  Statutes 
at  Large,  I,  110.      (3)  Stith,  Virginia,  app.  4.     Outline,  p.  196. 

JULY  35 

262.*  Treasurer  and  Company.  Letter  to  Governor  and  Council  in  Virginia  concerning  Wyatt  as 
governor.  LC. 

III.        Ref:  (1)  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  ii,   15,16.     (2)   Instructions,  commicons,  etc., 
1606-1683,  pp.  68-75. 
Pah:  Neill,  Virginia  Company  of  London,  223-233. 

JT7X.Y  30 

263.*  Privy  Council.     Copy  of  a  Council  order  that  Lord  Treasurer  may  make  warrants  of  assist- 
ance for  suppressing  the  importation  and  sale  of  tobacco.  KP. 
I.        Ref:  MSS.  of  Earl  De  La  'Warr. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist,  MSS.  Com.,  Fourth  fieport,  313. 

AUGUST  II 

264.*  Virginia  Company.  Answer  to  the  request  of  the  Walloons  and  French  to  plant  in  Virginia, 
signed  by  John  Ferrar,  deputy.  PRO.     [XY] 

III.       Ref:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  I,  No.  55. 

Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  26. 
Transcript;  N.  Y.  Pub.  Lib.,  Bancroft  Papers,  I,  fos.  369-871. 


150  INTRODVCTION  [1621 

AtrOTJBT  13 

265.*  Virginia  Company.  Letter  concerning  the  sending  of  maids;  Capt.  Norton  and  the  Italians, 
making  beads;  Mr.  Gookin;  the  French  men  and  families  to  sail.  LC. 

III.       Htf:  (1)  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  pp.  17-18u.     (2)  Instructions,  Commicons, 
etc.,  1606-1683,  pp.  76-83. 

Pub:  Neill,  Virginiu  Comjxmy  of  London,  pp.  233-239. 

AUGUST  24 

266.*  Virginia  Company.  "A  Comission  graunted  by  vs  the  Trer  Counsel!  and  Company  for  Vir- 
ginia vnto  our  louinge  freinds  Capt  .\-rthur  Guy  and  Nicholas  Norburnes  for  a  Voyage 
intended  to  Virginia."  BM.     [LC] 

III.        Ref:  Additional  MSS.,  14285,  fos.  70-70a. 

267.*  Treasurer  and  Company  of  Virginia.     Covenant  to  pay  Capt.  Arthur  Guy,  Robert  Toakley, 
and  John  Packesall  300"  more  for  vdctuall  and  transportation  of  said  100  persons. 
III.         Ref:  Additional  MSS.,  1428.5,  fos.  71-71a.  BM.     [LC] 

268.*  .     Covenant  to  pay  to  Capt.  Arthur  Guy  et  al.  3"  for  each  tun  of  goods,  provisions,  and 

commodities  here  put  aboard  and  there  delivered.  BM.     [LC] 

III.        Ref:  Additional  MSS.,  14285,  fos.  72-72a. 

SEPTEMBER  11 

269.*  Virginia  Council  and  Company.  Letter  to  Governor  and  Council  in  Virginia,  concerning 
the  failure  of  the  old  magazine  and  dissatisfaction  with  the  new.  LC. 

III.        Ref:  (1)  MS.  Records  VirginiaCo.,  Ill,  pt.ii,  pp.  19-20.     (2)  Instructions,  commicons, 
etc.,  1606-1683,  pp.  84-92. 
Pub:  Neill,  Virginia  Company  of  London,  pp.  241-250. 

SEFTEJIBER  19 

270.*  Ed.  Blayney.     A  letter  to  Sir  Ed.  Sandys  concerning  an  East  India  ship.  MC.     [LC] 

VI.        Ref:  Ferrar  Papers. 

A.  L.  S. 

OCTOBKH  1 

271.*  Sir  Edwin  Sandys.     A  letter  to  John  Ferrar,  or  to  N.  Ferrar,  concerning  personal  matters. 
VI.        Ref:  Ferrar  Papers.  MC.     [LC] 

OOTOBEB  84 

272.*  Privy  Council.  Order  that  the  Virginia  Company  is  not  to  have  a  foreign  house  for  importa- 
tion of  their  goods;  tobacco  to  be  first  landed  in  England,  with  respite  for  four  months. 

(1)  PC.     (2)  PRO.     [NY] 
I.  Ref:  (1)  Privy  Council  Register,  James  I,  Vol.  V,  p.  173  (new  number).     (2)  Colonial 

Entry  Book,  Vol.  79,  pp.  201-202. 
Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  Slate  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  26. 

Transcript,  New  York  Public  Library,  Bancroft  Papers,  II,  fos.  373-375. 

OCTOBER  ao 

273.*  John  Stratford.  "M'  Tho:  Dawson  note  for  all  my  tobacco  sold  by  him,  for  mee  w"  much 
labor  at  this  poare  rate."  NY. 

VI.        Ref:  Smyth  of  Nibley  Papers,  Smyth,  39. 

piib:  Calendar:  N.  Y.  Pub.  Lib.  Bull,  I,  189. 


1621]  I-If<T  OF  THE  RECOHDfi  151 

1621,  NOVEMBEK— 1634,  APRIL 

274.*  Sir  Thomas  Smith  and  Alderman  Johnson.     Reply  of  Sir  Thomas  Smith  and  Alderman 
.lolinson  (o  the  petition  of  .John  Bargrave.  PRO. 

III.        Rf.f:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  Ill,  No.  12. 

Puh:  (1)  Viryinia  Mag.  of  Hul.,\l,'il^-'M\.     {2)  SainBhury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers, 
Colonial,  p.  60. 

NOVEMBER  6 

275.*  Sir  Edwin  Sandys.     A  letter  to  John  Ferrar,  concerning  hie  debts,  and  also  Southampton 
Hundred.  MC.     [LC] 

VI.        Hef:  Ferrar  Paper.'i. 

[Transcript  and  photographic  reproduction  in  the  Library  of  Congress.] 
NOVEMBER  21 

276.*  Virg'inia  Company.     Grant  to  Daniel  (jata  to  be  master  of  "Darling,"  and  a  permit  to  fiah 

on  the  coast  of  Virginia  between  33°  and  4,5°  N.  lat.  BM.     [LC] 

III.        R,f:  Additional  .\I,SS.,  1428.5,  fos.  74a-75. 

277.*  Council  and  Company  for  Virginia.     "AComission  Graunted  ...  to  John  Huddleston 

lor  a  Voyadge  to  Virginia  and  for  a  free  fishinge  on  theCoast  of  America."     BM.     [LC] 

III.        Kef:  Additional  MSS.,  142.Sr),  fos.  7.5a-76a. 

278.*  "A  Comission  Granted  ...  to  Captaine  Tho:  Jones  M'  of  the  Disconery,  for  the  free 

tishinge  on  the  Coast  of  America,  Tradinge  for  furs  in  Virginia."  BM.     [LC] 

III.        Ref:  Additional  JISS.,  14285,  fos.  77-78a. 

NOVEMBER  26 

279.*  Virginia  Company.     A  letter  to  the  governor  and  council  in  Virginia,  concerning  the  send- 
ing of  maids  and  the  trading  for  furs.  LC. 

III.  Ref:  (1)  MS.  Records  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,   pt.   ii,  p.  20,  20».     (2)   Instructions,  Com- 

micons,  etc.,  1006-1(383,  pp.  93-95. 
Puh:  Neill,  Edward,   I'irginia  Company  of  London,  pp.  263-266. 

NOVEMBER  30 

280.*  Governor  and  Council  in  Virginia.     Proclamation   warning   persons   from  going  aboard 
ships.  LC. 

IV.  Ref:  MS.  Records  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  45\ 

DECEMBER 

281.*  Nicholas  Ferrar.     Receipt  to  John  Smyth  of  Nibley  of  £6  13'  4''  for  subscription   in  the 
"Roule"  for  trade  of  furs  and  for  the  "Roule"  for  building  of  boats  and  houses.       NY. 
III.        Ref:  Smyth  of  Nibley  Papers,  Smyth,  36. 

Pub:  Calendar:  iV.  1'.  Pub.  Lib.  Bull.,  I,  189. 
Signature  of  Nicholas  Farrar. 

DECEMBER  3 

282.*  Sir  Edwin  Sandys.     A  letter  to  John  Feriar,  concerning  his  enemies  in  the  Company. 

VI.        AV/.-  Ferrar  Papers.  MC.     [LC] 

.K.  L.  s. 

DECEMBER   S 

288.*  Virginia  Company.     Letter  to  the  governor  and  council  in  Virginia  concerning  trade  and 
discovery.  LC. 

III.        Ref:  (1)  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  21.      (2)  Instructions,  commicons,  etc., 
1606-1683,  pp.  96-101. 
Pub:  Neill,  f'iryinia  Co)iipanii  of  London,  267-273. 


152  INTRODUCTION  [1621-1622 

DECEMBEK    16 

284.*  Privy  Council.     A  letter  to  Sir  Dudley  Carleton,  ambassador  at  States  of  United  Province, 

against  Dutth  settling  in  North  Colony  of  Virginia  (called  New  England).  PC. 

I.  llif:  Privy  Council  Register,  James  I,  Vol.  V,  p.  209. 

286.*  Peter  Arundell.     A  letter  to  Sir  Edwin  Sandys,  complaining  at  tlie  neglect  of  the  Company, 

but  promising  to  hide  defects.  MC.     [LC] 

IV.       Ref:    Ferrar  papers. 

A.  L.  .S.    Transcript  and  photographic  reproduction  of  part  in  the  Library-  of  Congress. 

DECEMBER    23 

286.*  Governor  in  Virginia.     Comi-iissiun  by  the  governor  and  captain-general  of  Virginia  to 
Dan'l  Tucker  to  trade  with  the  Indians.  LC. 

IV.  Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  36. 

1622 

287.*  Draft  of  a  letter  to  see  that  grant  of  the  King  to  the  Company  of  the  importation  of  tobacco 
for  seven  years  from  Virginia  and  Bermuda  is  consigned  to  them.  KP. 

VI.       Ref:  MSS.  of  Lord  Sackville. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Serenth  Report,  p.  259b. 
288.*  Mr.  Wrotli.     Notes  from  lists  showing  total  number  of  emigrants  to  Virginia,  and  making 
total  loss  3,000  and  survivors  1,700,  1619-1G22.  PRO. 

VI.        Re/:  IManchester  Papers,  No.  298. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  2,  p.  38. 
289.*  Patrick  Copland.     A  Declaration  how  the  monies  viz.,  70£  8'  6'^  were  disposed,  which  were 
gathered  by  Mr.  Patrick  Copland,  towards  the  building  of  a  free  schoole  in  Virginia. 
Printed.  PR. 

V.  Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Third  Report,  p.  66. 

290.  Bermuda  Company.     Laws  of  Bermuda  Company  on  the  selection  and  settlement  of  "  Land 

in  Virginia."     XXX,  in  "Orders  and  Constitutions"  for  the  Summer  Islands.     Printed. 

(1)  LC.     (2)  NY. 
V.         Pub:  Le  Froy,  Memorial  of  the  Bermudas,  I,  228. 

An  order  of  court,  Feb.  6,  1621/2.    Imprint,  Felix  Kingston. 

291.  John  Brinsley.     "A  Consolation  for  ovr  Grammar  Schooles:   more  especially  for  all  those  of 

an  inferiovr  sort,  and  all  ruder  countries  and  places,  namely  .  .   .    Virginia  with  the 

Sommer  Hands."     Printed.  (1)  JCB.     (2)  NY. 

V. 

81  pages,  quarto.    Printed  by  Richard  Field  for  Thomas  Man.    1622. 

292.*  [Virg-inia  Company.]     "The  Inconveinencies  that  have  happened  to  some  Persons  which 

have  transported  themselves  from  England  to  Virginia,  without  prouisions  necessary  to 

Bustaine  themselves:  For  Preuention  of  like  disorders  hereafter,  — is  published  this  short 

declaration-of  necessaries— ."     Printed.  (1)  NY.     (2)  ANT.     (3)  JCB. 

V.  Ref:  (2)  Collection  of  Broadsides,  James  I,  No.  195. 

Pub:  Reprinted  in  Purchas,  His  Pilgrimes,  IV,  Bk.  IX,  ch.  15,  sec.  IV. 

Imprinted  by  Felix  Kingston.    Broadside.    For  discussion  of  edition,  see  an/(',  p.  91. 

293.*  Edward  Waterhouse.     "  Declaration  of  the  state  of  the  Colony  of  Virginia  with  the  Rela- 
tion of  the  Massacre  "  and  the  names  of  those  massacred. 
V.  (1)  LC.     (2)  JCB.     (3)  HARV.     (4)  NEWB.     (5)  PRIV. 

Copies  (1)  and  (2)  include  "  The  Inconveniences."    See  ante  No.  2y2. 


1622-1621/2]  LIST  OF  THE  RECORDS  153 

1622  (i) 

294.*  Francis  West,  Wm.  Claiborne  et  al.     Petition  to  the  King  on  beiialf  of   the  distressed 

subjects,  relating  chiefly  to  tobacco.  PRO. 

IV.        Ref:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  il.  No.  15. 

Pub:  (1)  Mrginia  Mag.  of  Hist.,  VI,  2S3.     (2j  S&inBhviTy,  Calmdar  of  State  Papers,  p. 'io. 

1621  22 

JANUAKY 

296.*  Virginia  Council.  Letter  to  Virginia  Company  of  London,  describing  the  conditions  and 
needs  of  the  colony  in  detail.  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  pp.  l-2a. 
Pub:  Neill,  Virginia  Company  of  London,  274-286. 

296.*  Peter  Arundle.  Fragment  of  a  letter  to  John  Smyth  of  Nibley  concerning  opportunities  of 
Virginia.  NY. 

VI.        Ref:  Smyth  of  Nibley  Papers,  Smyth,  37. 

Put.-  Calendar:  N.  i'.  Pub.  Lib.  Bull.,  I,  189. 

A.L. 

JAUTJAKY  14 

297.*  Virginia  Council.     Settlement  of  the  wages  of  tradesmen  in  Virginia.  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  46. 

JAMTJAKY  16 

298.*  "A  Commission  granted  by  vs  the  Tref  Counsell  and  Companies  for  Virginia  vnto  our  louinge 
frend  Theodore  Wadsworth  for  a  Voyage  intended  to  Virginia."  BM.     [LC] 

III.       Ref:  Additional  MSS.,  14285,  fos.  69-69a. 

JANUAKY  30 

299.*  Virginia  Company.  The  forme  of  a  Patent  to  such  Aduen"  whose  shares  exceedinge  50*": 
are  exempted  from  payinge  any  Rent  to  y'  Company  for  the  persons  they  transporte. 

III.  Ref:  Additional  MSS.  14285,  fos.  58-64a.  "        BM.     [LC] 

1623.  FEBRUAHY  4  AND  1623.  DECEMBER  1 1  TO  1624.  NOVEMBER  37 

300.  Council  in  Virginia.  The  Courte  Booke.  The  original  minutes  of  the  Courts  of  tlie  Council 
in  Virginia,  held  about  once  a  month,  to  decide  controversies,  to  hold  trials  of  accused 
persons,  to  hear  petitions,  and  to  pass  orders  concerning  the  affairs  of  the  Colony. 

IV.  Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Colony.  '        LC. 

1621  2 

FEBRUARY    12 

301.*  Mayor  of  Plymouth.  Request  to  Lord  Treasurer  of  the  fulfilment  of  the  promise  that  they 
be  not  interrupted  in  a  fishing  voyage  for  Virginia  as  threatened  by  Sir  Ferdinand 
Gorges.  PRO. 

VI.        Ref:  State  Papers,  Domestic,  James  I,  Vol.  cxxvii.  No.  92. 

Pub:  Calendar  of  litate  I'apers,  Domestic,  James  I,  1619-1623,  p.  344. 


154  INTRODUCTION  [1621/2-1632 

FKBRUASY  19  (?) 

302.*  State  of  case  anil  decision  between  John  Bargrave,  plaintiff,  and  Sir  Thomas  Smythe  et  al., 
defendants,  with  reference  to  losses  of  Bargrave  by  being  prohibited  free  trade  in  Vir- 
ginia, according  to  his  patent.  PRO.     [NY] 
III.       Re/:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  II,  No.  4,  II. 
Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  29. 

Transcript,  New  York  Public  Library,  Bancroft  Papers,  I.    Fos.  437-453. 
FEBHTJAKT  26 

303.*  Somers  Islands  Company.  Court  for  Somers  Islands.  Committee  to  consider  planting  land 
granted  by  Virginia  Company  has  not  met,  and  is  commanded  to  meet  hereafter:  also 
names  of  committee.  MC.     [LC] 

II.         Ref:  Ferrar  Papers. 

[Photographic  reproduction  in  the  Library  of  Congress.] 
MASCH  6 

304.*  Somers  Islands  Company.  Court  for  Somers  Islands:  To  investigate  the  government  and 
laws  for  Somers  Islands  touching  the  sending  of  youths  to  Virginia.  MC.     [LC] 

II.  Ref:  Ferrar  Papers. 

[Photographic  reproductions  iu  the  Library  of  Congress.] 

1622 

MABCH   [AJTER  26] 

305.*  Virginia  Company  con.  Wye.     Defense  of  Wye.  PRO.     [LC] 

III.  Ref:  Admiralty  Court,  Instance  and  Prize,  Libels  81,  No.  216. 

APRIL 

306.*  Colony  in  Virginia.  Letter  to  Virginia  Company  of  London,  describing  the  massacre  and 
the  needs  of  the  Colony.  LC. 

IV.  Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  3,  3\ 

APRIX,  9 

307.*  Sir  Edwin  Sandys.     A  brief  letter  to  John  Ferrar  requesting  frequent  letters.        MC.     [LC] 
VI.        Ref:  Ferrar  Papers. 

APBTT.  12  (P) 

308.*  John  Bargrave.     Charges  against  the  former  government  of  Virginia.  PRO.     [NY] 

VI.        Ref:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  II,  No.  4,  I. 

Pub:  (1)  la.  Mag.  ofHiM.,  VI,  225-228.     (2)  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  p.  28. 
Transcript,  New  Yorl:  Public  Library,  Bancroft  Papers,  I,  fos.  465-475. 

309.*  .     Petition  to  the  Privy  Council,  complaining  against  the  company  and  asking  that  his 

new  plan  of  government  be  considered.  PRO.     [NY] 

VI.        Ref:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  II,  No.  4. 

Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  pp.  28-29. 

Transcript,  New  York  Public  Library,  Bancroft  Papers,  I,  fos.  425-427. 
APRIL  13 

310.*  Governor  in  Virginia.  Commission  by  C4overnnr  and  Captain-General  of  Virginia  to  Capt. 
Roger  Smith  to  command  Charles  City.  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Records  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  37. 

APRIL  16 

311.*  Governor  in  Virginia.  Commission  by  governor  and  captain-general  of  Virginia  to  Capt. 
Ralph  Hamer  for  trading.  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  37. 


1622]  LIHT  OF  THE  RECORDS  155 

APRIL   18 

313.     Patrick  Copland.     "  Virginia^  God  bf  Thanked,  or  a  Sermon  of  Thankpgiving  for  the  Happie 
success  of  the  affayrea  in  Virginia  this  last  yeare."     Printed  by  order  of  the  company. 

"(l).J('B     (2)  Ny"   (3)  NEWB.     (4)  PRIV. 

V.  Pub:  Neill,  E.,  Memoir  of  Rf  v.  J'alrirk  Copland,  Ch.  III. 

Dedicated  May  22.    Printed  by  J.  D.  for  William  ShcfTord  and  John  Bellamle. 
APKtL  19 

313.*  Governor  in  Virginia.     Order  "By  tlie  Governo'  and  Captaine  generall  of  Virginia"  to 
Ralpli  Hamor  to  bring  the  people  from  Wariseoyacli.  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  50\ 

APBIL  20 

314.*  Governor  in  Virg-inia.     Commission  by  the  governor  and  captain-general  of  Virginia  to 
Captain  Smith  to  remove  the  people  of  Henrico  Ileand  and  Coxendale.  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  il,  p.  37. 

APBJI,  22 

315.*  Sir  Edwin  Sandys.     A  letter  to  John  Ferrar,  alleging  that  petitions  to  the  King  emanate 
from  Sir  Thoa.  Smith,  and  discussing  Spanish  accusations.  MC.     [LC] 

III.        Ref:  Ferrar  Papers. 

APRIL  26 

316.*  Sir  Edwin  Sandys.     A  letter  to  John  Ferrar  concerning  value  of  Peirse  in  the  factional 
differences.  MC.     [LC] 

VI.  Ref:  Ferrar  Papers. 

A.  L.  S. 

APRIL  30 

317.*  Sir  Edwin  Sandys.     A  letter  to  John  Ferrar,   urging  use  of  "form"   in  State  affairs  and 
approving  Capt.  Each's  proposition  with  regard  to  fortifications.  MC.     [LC] 

III.  Ref:  Ferrar  Papers. 

MAT 

318.     Sir  Francis  Wiat.     Letter   from   Sir   Francis    Wiat,    governor   of    Virginia,   describing   the 
massacre. 

IV.  Pub:  Outline:     Purrhas,   Hin   Pilgrimen,  Vol.  IV,  Bk.  IX,  Ch.  15,  Sec.  III. 
319.*  "Accompt  of  the  charge  of  the  .  4.  servants  sent  into  Virginia  in  the  Ship  furtherance." 

VI.        ii</.-  Smyth  of  Nibley  Papers,  Smyth,  3  (36),  p.  153.  NV. 

MAY  2 

320.*  Privy  Council.     Daniell  Frank,  William  and  John  Ireland,  prisoners  ...  to  be  delivered  to 
the  "Governor  of  the  Company  of  Virginia."  PC. 

I.  Ref:  Privy  Council  Register,  James  I,  Vol.  V,  jl  342. 

MAY  7 

321.*  Governor  in  Virginia.     Commission  by  governor  and  captain-general  of  Virginia  to  Capt. 
Ralph  Hamer  for  trade.  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  i>.  37\ 

MAY  18 

322.*  Governor  in  Virginia.     Commission  hy  governor  and  captain-general  of  Virginia  to  Captain 
Smith  to  command  "Pasbehay."  LC. 

IV.        Rrf:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  37. 


156  INTRODUCTION  [1622 


323.*  Virginia  Company.     "The  Forme  of  a  Patent  for  puch  as  are  Aduenturers by  payinge  money 
into  the  Treasury  of  y*  Company  vndertaking  to  transp:  and  plant  100:  persons." 
III.       iJfr.-  Additional  MSS.,  14285," fos.  49-53.  BM.     [LC] 

324.*  .    "The  forme  of  a  Patent  for  a  Planter  only."    An  indenture  between  the  Virginia  Com- 
pany and  Sir  Bowyer  Worsly.  BM.     [LC] 
III.       Ref:  Additional  MSS.,  14285,  fos.  54-57. 

325.*  .    A  grant  for  a  private  Plantation  to  Johnn  Bounall,  a  Frenchman.  BM.     [LC] 

111.       Ref:  Additional  MSS.,  14285,  fos.  65-68. 

MAT  30 

326.*  Capt.  John  Bargrave.     The  answer  of  Capt.   John  Bargrave  to  his  own  aspersions  against 
the  present  management.  PRO.     [NY] 

III.       Ref:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  II,  No.  7,  I. 
Puh:  Sainsbury  Calendar  of  Stole  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  30. 

Transcript,  New  York  Public  Library,  Bancroft  Papers,  I,  fos.  429-433. 

JUNE  (?) 

327.*  Capt.  John  Bargrave.     Petition  to  Privy  Council,  declaring  he  had  stated  the  present  govern- 
ment good  because  pressed  by  the  Council  for  Virginia  to  do  so.  PRO.     [NY] 
III.        Ref:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  II,  No.  8. 

Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  30. 

Transcript,  New  York  Public  Library,  Bancroft  Papers,  I,  fos.  461-163. 

JTJNB  10 

328.  *  Virginia  Company.    Letter  to  Governor  and  Council  in  Virginia,  desiring  some  commodities 
sent,  and  especially  silk  for  the  King.  LC. 

III.  Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  pp.  22,  23. 

JTTNE  16 

329.*  John  Pountis.     Petitions  "To  S'  Francis  Wyate  Knight  Governor  and  Captaine  Generall  of 
Virginia  and  to  the  rest  of  his  Ma""  Counsell  in  Virginia."  LC. 

IV.  Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  58. 

JUNE  17 

330.*  The  King.     "A  copy  of  the  King's  letter  to  the  lis.  touching  the  mainteining  of  the  decree  in 
Chacery  for  S'Tho.  Smith  against  Mr.  Bargrave."  BM.     PRO.     [LC] 

I.  iJf/.-  (1)  Additional  MSS.,  12496,  fo.  450.     Caesar  Papers.     (2)  State  Papers,  Domestic, 

James  I,  Vol.  131,  No.  38. 
Pnb:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  Slate  Papers,  Colonial,  pp.  31-32. 
331.*  Governor  in  Virginia.     Commission  by  governor  and  captain  general  of  Virginia  to  Captain 
Maddison  to  assist  the  Potomacks  in  war.  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  37",  38. 

JUNE  19 

332.     John  Martin,  Robert  Haswell.     Petition  to  King  to  take  certain  forest  land  In  Virginia  into 
his  own  hands.  LC. 

II.  Ref:  MS.  Court  Book,  Virginia  Co.,  II,  20. 
Pub:  Kingsbury,  Rec.  Virgi7iia  Co.,  II. 

Court  of  this  date. 


1622]  LIHT  OF  THE  RECORDS  157 

333.  Virginia  Company.     Answer  of  the  counsell  and  company  to  the  petition  of  John  Martin 

and  Hassell.  LC. 

II.  Ref:  MS.  Court  Book,  Virginia  Co.,  II,  21. 

Puh:  (1)   Kingsbury,   Rec.    \'irgini/i.   Co.,   II.     (2)    Brock,   Virginia  Compnny,  11,21. 
(.3)  Neill,  E.,  Virghiin  Crnnpantj  nf  Londrm,  .312-313. 

334.  Adam  Dixon.     Petition  to  King  concerning  the  jiossession  of  land  in  Virginia.  LC. 

11.         Ref:  MS.  Court  Book,  Virginia  Co.,  II,  22. 

Pub:  (1)  Kingsbury,  Rec.   Virginia  Co.,  II.     (2)  Brock,  Virrfinia  Com/ian;/,  I,  188-189. 
Court  of  this  date. 

335.  Virginia  Company.     Answer  of  the  Virginia  Company  to  the  petition  of  Adam  Dixon.     LC. 

II.         Ref:  MS.  Court  Book,  Virginia  Co.,  II,  23. 

Pub:  (1)  Kingsbury,  Rer.  Virrjinia  Co.,  II.      (2)  Brock,  Virginia  Compamj,  I,  189. 

336.  William  Kemp.     The  grievances  of  the  inhabitants  of  Kikatan  (Elizabeth  City)  by  the  testi- 

mony of  William  Kemp.  LC. 

II.         Ref:  MS.  Court  Book,  Virginia  Co.,  II,  23. 

Pub:  (1)  Kingsbury,  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  II.     (2)  Brock,  Virginia  Company,  1,  190-191. 
Court  of  this  date. 

337.  Virginia  Company.     Answer  of  the  Virginia  Company  to  the  grievances  of  William  Kemp. 

II.  Ref:  MS.  Court,  Book,  Virginia  Co.,  II,  23.  LC. 

Pub:   (1)  Kingsbury,  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  II.     (2)  Brock,  Virginia  Company,  I,  191. 

338.  Capt.  Mathew  Somers.     Petition  in  the  Kings  Bench  to  the  King  concerning  the  discovery 

and  right  to  the  Somers  Islands.  LC. 

11.         Ref:  MS.  Court  Book,  Virginia  Co.,  II,  p.  24. 

Pub:  (1)  Kingsbury,  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  II.     (2)  Brock,  Virginia  Company,  I,  192-193. 
Court  of  this  date. 

339.  Virginia  Company.     Answer  of  the  Virginia  Company  to  the  petition  of  Mathew  Somers. 

II.         iJp/;  MS.  Court  Book,  Virginia  Co.,  II,  2.^5.  "  LC. 

Pub:  (!)  Kingsbury,  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  II.     (2)  Brock,  Virginia  Company,  I,  193-19.5. 

340.     .     Letter  to  Captain  ArgoU.  LC. 

II.  Ref:  MS.  Court  Book,  Virginia  Co.,  II,  27-28. 
Ptib:  Kingsbury,  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  II. 

JUNE   20 

341.*  Sir  Francis  Wyatt.     Commission  to  Sir  George  Yardley  to  command  on  an  expedition  upon 

the  coasts  from  33°  to  40°  to  make  new  discoveries  for  another  settlement.  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  38. 

JUNE  21 

342.*  .     Proclamation  against  drunkenness,  swearing,  stealing  boats.  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  46". 

jTJira;  27 

343.*  Robert  Newland.     A  letter  to  Nicholas  Ferrar,  concerning  preparation  to  sail  for  Virginia. 

III.  Ref:  Ferrar  Papers.  MC.     [LC] 

A.  L.  s. 

JUNE  29 

344.     Virginia  Company.     Propositions  to  the  lord  high  treasurer  concerning  the  tobacco  con- 
tract. LC. 
II.         Ref:  MS.  Court  Book,  Virginia  Co.,  II,  31. 

Pub:  (1)  Kingsbury,  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  II.     (2)  Brock,  Virginia  Company,  I,  196-198. 


158  INTRODVCTIOJf  [1622 


345.  Virginia  Company.     Propositions  to  the  lord  high  treasurer  concerning  the  tobacco  con- 

tract. LC. 

II.         Ref:  MS.  Court  Book,  Virginia  Co.,  II,  50-51. 

Pub:  (1)  Kingsbury,  Kec.  Virginia  Co.,  II.     (2)  Brock,  Virginia  Company,  I,  215-218. 

JtTLT   10 

346.  Mo(u)rninge  Virginia.     Printed.     (Mentioned  in  Register  of  London  Company  of  Stationers, 

1562-1638.) 
V.  Pub:  Cited:  Report  of  Amer.  Hist.  Assoc,  1896,  Vol.  I,  pp.  1251-1261. 

JtTLY  9   OR    11 

347.*  John  Bonoeil.     Reprint  of  the  treatise  on  the  culture  of  silk  worms,  including: 

( 1 )  The  King.     Letter  to  treasurer,  deputy,  and  others  of  the  Virginia  Company,  recommend- 

ing the  setting  up  of  silk  works. 

(2)  Virginia  Council  and  Company.     Letter  to  the  governor  and  council  in  Virginia,  endors- 

ing the  King's  letter.     Printed.  (1)  HARV.     (2)  JCB.     (3)  NY.     (4)  PRIV. 

V.      Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calfndar  of  Slate  Papers,  Colonial,  pp.31,  41  (King's  letter). 

Imprinted  Felix  Kingston.    King's  letter  is  mentioned  in  Doequet  Book,  James  I.    See  anU, 

No.  160. 

JTJLT   11 

348.*  Privy  Council.     Order  concerning  the  Spanish  vessel  wrecked  on  coast  of  Bermudas,  of  which 
Virginia  Company  had  made  restitution. 
I.  Ref:  (1)  Privy  Council  Register,  James  I,  Vol.  V,  p.  431.     (2)  Colonial  Entry  Book, 

Vol.  79,  p.  202. 
Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  31. 

JTTLY  13 

349.  John  Chamberlain.     A  letter  to  Sir  Dudley  Carleton,  concerning  a  ship  arrived  from  Vir- 

vinia  with  news  that  savages  have  by  surprise  slain  350  (circum)  of  the  English.     PRO. 
VII.      Pef:  State  Papers,  Domestic,  James  I,  Vol.  132,  No.  38. 
Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  31. 

JTJLY  14 

350.  Sir  Thomas  Wilson.     Indians  have  killed  in  Virginia  300-400  English,  and  but  for  accident 

man,  mother,  and  child  had  all  been  slain.  PRO. 

VII.      Ref:  State  Papers,  Domestic,  James  I,  Vol.  132,  No.  41. 
Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  31. 

JTTLY  16 

351.*  Privy  Council.  Order  for  a  report  on  petition  of  John  Bargrave  against  Sir  Thomas  Smythe, 
Alderman  Johnson,  and  others  for  unjust  practices  and  miscarriage  of  government  of 
the  Virginia  plantation.  PC.     [NY] 

I.  Ref:  Privy  Council  Register,  James  I,  Vol.  V,  p.  439. 

Piib:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  31. 
Transcript;  New  York  Public  Library,  Bancroft,  I,  fo.  477. 
362.*  Governor  in  Virginia.     Commission  from  governor  and  captain-general  of  Virginia  to  Daniel 
Tucker  to  command  a  plantation.  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  36*. 

JXTLT  17 

353.*  Note  of  articles  ready  or  to  be  provided  for  exportation  by  Virginia  Company.        BM.     [LC] 
III.        Ref:  Cotton  MSS.,  Otho,  E.  X.,  fo.  121. 


1622]  LIST  OF  THE  RECORDS  159 

JOLT  17  (I) 

864.  ♦  Note  of  arms  in  the  Tower  for  which  the  Virginia  Company  are  suitors.  To  be  delivered  to 
them.  PRO. 

I.  Ref:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  II,  No.  9. 

Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  .32. 

JXTLY  28 

365.*  Privy  Council.     Order  of  Privy  Council  that  old  ca.st  arms  in  Tower,  unfit  for  modem  use, 
be  delivered  to  Virginia  Company  for  use  agaiust  Indians.       (1)  PC.     (2)  PRO.     [NY] 
I.  Ref:  (1)  Privy  Council  Register,  James  I,  Vol.  V,  p.  449.     (2)  Colonial  Entry  Book, 

Vol.  79,  p.  202. 
Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  Stale  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  32. 

Transcript:  New  York  Public  Library,  Bancroft  Papers,  I,  fos.  481-483. 

AUGUST  1 

356.*  Treasurer  and  Council  for  Virginia.     Letter  to  governor  and  council  in  Virginia,  concern- 
ing protection  from  Indians  and  sole  importation  of  tobacco.  LC. 
III.       Ref:  (1)  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  pp.  23'-2.5.     (2)  Inetructions,  Commis- 
sions, and  Letters,  1606-1683,  pp.  102-107. 
Pub:  Neill,  Virginia  Company  of  London,  pp.  322-333. 
367.*  John  Smyth.     A  list  of  servants  remaining  in  Virginia.                                                              NY. 
VI.        Ref:  Smyth  of  Nibley  Papers,  Smyth  3  (37),  pp.  1.53-154. 

Pub:  N.  Y.  Pub.  Lib.  Bull.,  Vol.  Ill,  pp.  293-294.     Catalogue:  Ibid.,  I,  p.  187. 
Autograpti  of  John  Smith. 

AUGUST  13 

358.*  Privy  Council.  A  warrant  staying  the  execution  of  Jas.  Wharton  and  an  order  sending  him  to 
Virginia.  PC. 

I.  Ref:  Privy  Council  Register,  James  I,  Vol.  V,  p.  465. 

SEPTEMBER 

359.*  John  Carter.  Petition  to  the  Privy  Council  of  a  poor  distressed  prisoner  to  be  recommended 
for  transportation  to  Virginia.  PRO. 

III.       Ref:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  II,  No.  12.     State  Papers,  Domestic,  James 
I,  Vol.  133,  No.  10. 
Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  Slate  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  33. 

360.*  "A  vrarrant  to  the  lord  Trer,  to  give  order  .  .  .  for  .  .  .  delivery  vnto  the  Company  tor  the 
Virginia  Plantacon  of  1000.     brnwne  bills."  PRO. 

I.  Ref:  Docquet  Book,  Signet  OfRce,  Vol.  7. 

361.*  Sir  Edwin  Sandys.  A  letter  to  Mr.  John  Ferrar,  concerning  the  discouragements  in  the  Vir- 
ginia business,  the  ill  effects  of  the  bad  news  from  Lady  Wyatt,  and  his  plans  for  Virginia. 

III.  Ref:  Ferrar  Papers.  MC. 
Pub:   Virginia  Mag.  of  Hist.,  X,  417-418. 

A.  L. 

SEPTEMBER  10 

862.*  Governor  in  Virginia.  Commission  by  governor  and  captain-general  of  Virginia  to  Sir 
George  Yeardley  to  make  war  on  the  Indians;  also  for  his  voyage  to  Pamunkey.        LC. 

IV.  Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  pp.  38',  39. 
16465— VOL  1—06 11 


160  INTRODUCTION  [1622 


BEPIEMBEB    11 

363.     "  The  Late  Massacre  in  Virginia."     "A  Poem."  PRO 

V.  lit'/:  Manchester  Papers. 

Pub:  Cited:  Amer.  Hut.  Assoc.  RpL,  1896,  I,  pp.  1251-1261. 

SEPTEMBER   S3 

364.*  Sir  Edwin  Sandys.  Letter  to  John  Ferrar,  concerning  booljs  and  letters  to  be  sent  to 
Colony  by  "Abigail."  MC.     [LC] 

III.  Ref:  Ferrar  Papers. 

A.  L.  S. 

1622  3 

BETWIIEN  OCTOBER  AND  JANUARY 

365.*  Thomasin  Woodshawe.     Petition  to  the  governor  of  Virginia.  LC. 

IV.  Eef:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  58. 

366.*  Richard  Pace.     Petition  to  governor  and  council  in  Virginia.  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  58. 

1622 

OCTOBER   7 

367.*  Virginia  Company.  A  letter  to  the  governor  and  council  in  Virginia,  concerning  further 
advice  about  destroying  the  Indians.  LC. 

III.  Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  25a-27. 
Pub:  Neill,  Virginia  Company  of  London,  pp.  347-359. 

OCTOBER    13 

368.*  Sir  Edwin  Sandys.  A  letter  to  John  Ferrar,  concerning  "Ferrar's  remembrances."  Grieves 
at  desperate  condition  of  Colony.  MC.     [LC] 

VI.  Ref:  Ferrar  Papers. 

A.  L.  S. 

OCTOBER  18 

369.*  Thomas  Hamour.     Petition  to  governor  and  council  in  Virginia.  LC. 

IV.  Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt  ii,  p.  58. 

OCTOBER  33 

370.*  Governor  of  Virginia.  Commission  to  Capt.  Ralph  Hamer  to  force  a  trade  with  the  Indians 
for  provisions  for  the  Colony.  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  39. 

OCTOBER  24 

371.*  Governor  of  Virginia.  Commission  to  Capt,  William  Eden,  alias  Sampson,  to  trade  for 
corn,  etc.,  between  the  lat.  33°  and  40°.  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt,  ii,  p.  39a. 

OCTOBER  31 

372.*  Privy  Council.  Order  that,  on  Thursday  A.  M.,  Nov.  14  [1622],  the  parties  on  both  sides 
bring  witnesses  before  the  LTds,  and  the  Cape  Merchant  of  the  Virginia  Company  be 
present.  PC. 

I.  Ref:  Privy  Council  Register,  Jamea  I,  Vol.  V,  p.  509. 


1622]  LIST  OF  THE  RECORDS  161 


NOVEMBER  2 


373.*  George  Saudis.     Petition  to  governor  and   council  in  Virginia  concerning  the  transfer  of 
servants  of  William  Nuce,  lately  deceased,  to  his  estates  in  lieu  of  £.50  indebtedness. 
IV.      &/.•  MS.  Rec.  VirginiaCo.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  39.  LC. 


NOVEMBEB  13 


374.*    Governor  of  Virginia.     Commission  to  Captain  Isaak  Maddison  and  Robert  Bennet  to  trade 
for  corn  between  the  lat.  ,33°  and  40°.  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  .39a. 


NOVEMBER  13 


375.     John  Donne.     A  sermon  preached  to  the  Honorable  Companie  of  the  Virginia  Plantacon  by 
John  Dun  (i.  e.  Donne)  deane  of  St.  Pauls,  London.     Printed. 
V.  (I)  JOB.     (2)  NY.     (3)  PR  IV.     (4)  MHS.     (5)  NEWB. 

Imprinted  London:  A.  Neat:  for  Thomas  Jones,  1622. 


NOVEMBER  16 


376.     John  Chamberlain.     A  letter  to  Sir  Dudley  Carleton  concerning  the  sermon  by  the  Dean  of 
Pauls.  PRO. 

VII.      Ref:  State  Papers,  Domestic,  James  I,  Vol.  134,  No.  15. 
Pub:  Calendar:  State  Papers,  Domestic,  Vol.  134. 

NOVEMBER  20 

377.*  Privy  Council.     A  warrant  to  deliver  John  Carter  to  Lord  Sackville  to  be  sent  to  Virginia. 

I.  Ref:  Privy  Council  Register,  James  I,  Vol.  V,  p.  516.  PC. 

NOVEMBER  26 

378.*  Privy  Council.     Order  to  Capt.  John  Bargrave  vs.  Sir  Thomas  Smyth  to  deliver  his  complaint 
in  writing.  PC. 

1.  Ref:  Privy  Council  Register,  James  I,  Vol.  V,  p.  518. 

DECEMBER 

379.*  Henry  Marten.     Decree  in  case  of  the  Virginia  Company  with  Wye,  absohnng  Wye. 

III.        Ref:  Admiralty  Court,  Instance  and  Prize,  Libels  81,  No.  216.  PRO.     [LC] 

380.*  Younge  vs.  Roberts,  on  ground  that  Wye,  master  of  ship  Garland,  expelled  Younge  on  a.=per- 

sions  of  Roberts.  PRO. 

III.       Ref:  Admiralty  Court,  Instance  and  Prize,  Libels  81,  No.  256. 

DECEMBER  1 

381.     Doctor  Donne.     A  letter  to  Sir  Thos.  Roe,  giving  particulars  concerning  his  sermon  before 
the  King  and  V^irginia  Company.  PRO. 

VII.      Ref:  State  Papers,  Domestic,  James  I,  Vol.  134,  No.  59. 

DECEMBER  9 

382.*  John  Marten.     "The  Requests  of  my  brother  John  Marten  to  the  Virginia  Copany:  his  offer 
touch,  that  Copany."  BM,     [LC] 

III.  Ref:  Additional  MSS.,  12496,  fo.  452.     (Caesar  Papers.) 

DECEMBER  10 

383.*  Governor  and  Council  in  Virginia..   Proclamation  of  governor  and  council  in  Virginia 
against  engrossing  commodities.  LC. 

IV.  Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  47. 


162  INTRODUCTION  [1622-1623 

DECEMBER  16 

384.*  Jli3.    [John]  Martin.      "The  manner  howe  to  bringe  the  Indiana  into  subjection  w^out 
makinge  an  utter  extirpation  of  them  together  w"'  the  reai=on.«."  BM.     [LC] 

VI.        Ref:  Additional  MSS.,  12496,  fos.  459-460.     (Caesar  Papers.) 
385.*  "The  manner  howe  Virginia  may  be  made  a  Royall  plantation ."  BJVI.     [LC] 

VI.        Ref:  Additional  JMSS.,  12496,  fos.  456-457.     (Caesar  Papers.) 

DECEMBER  17 

386.  Council  for  New  England.     Letter  to  be  written  to  the  treasurer  of  Virginia  Company 

against  Jones  for  robbing  natives  of  New  England  of  tiieir  furs  and  taking  some  prisoners. 

VI.  Ref:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  II,  pp.  24-25.  PRO. 
Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Paperi!,  Colonial,  p.  35. 

DECEMBER  18 

387.  Sir  Thomas  Coventry.     Sir  Thomas  Coventry  (attorney  general)  to  the  Earl  of  Middlesex, 

returning  the  Proclamation  for  Tobacco,  corrected.  KP. 

VII.  Ref:  MSS.  of  Earl  De  La  Warr. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Fourth  Report,  p.  315. 

[■WINTER] 

388.  Captain  Butler.     Captain  Butler's  Dismasking  of  Virginia.  (1)  LC.     (2)  PRO.     [NY] 

IV.        Ref:  (1)  MS.   Court  Book,   Virginia  Co.,   II,   271-2.     (2)   State   Papers,   Colonial, 
James  I,  Vol.  II,  No.  20. 
Pu6.'  (1)  Kingsbury  Rec.    Virgiytia   Co.,   II.     (2)  Brock,  Mrginia   Company,  II,  171- 
173.     (3)  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  p.  39. 

1623 

389.*  Governor  and  Council  ofVirginia.     Petition  to  the  King  for  the  grant  of  the  sole  importa- 
tion of  tobacco  to  them  and  to  Somers  Island.  PRO. 
III.       Ref:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  I,  p  5. 
Pvb:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  p.  56. 

[1622  3] 

390.     Paper  touching  the  discussion  of  salaries  iu  the  Summer  Islands  company.  PRO. 

II.  P^ff:  Manchester  Papers,  No.  300. 

Pub:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,    Eighth  Report,  pt.  2,  p.  38. 

1623  (?) 

391.*  Proportion  of  the  charge  to  furnish  and  transport  six  men  to  Virginia,  estimated  at  £114  19'.  6''. 

III.  Ref:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  II,  No.  54,  PRO.     [NY] 
Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  56. 

Transcript  New  York  Public  Librarj',  Bancroft,  II,  fos.  5-7. 

1623 

392.*  Petition  for  a  warrant  by  the  late  Undertakers  for  the  importation  of  Tobacco.     At  council  it 
was  agreed  that  the  Undertakers  should  receive  3  d.  per  pound  on  28000  poimds. 
III.        Ref:  ;\ISS.  of  Earl  De  La  Warr.  KP. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Comm.,  Fourth  Report,  p.  283. 


I 


1623-1623/3]  LIST  OF  THE  RECORDH  163 

1623  (?)  OR  1617 

393.*  The  King-.  Order  to  Archbishops  of  Canterbury  and  York,  requiring  them  to  arrange  for  the 
collection  of  liberal  contributions,  so  that  the  Undertakers  of  the  Virginia  plantation 
may  erect  churches  and  schools.  PRO. 

I.  Ref:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  II,  No.  37. 

Pub:  (1)  Anderson,  History  of  the  Church  of  England  in  Die  C'oioniea,  pp.  31.5-316.     (2) 
SaLnsbury,  Calendar  of  Slate  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  49. 

Date  in  Sainabury,  16i;i,  but  given  by  Alexauder  Brown,  1617. 

1623  (?) 

EARLY 

394.*  Mr.  Gibbs.     To  Sir  E.  Sa[nd].     Notes  of  proceedings  before  Lords  Commissioners  concerning 

Captain  Butler's  unmasking  of  Virginia,  Thomas  Smith's  records,  the  "black  box,"  etc. 

I.  Ref:  Ferrar  Papers.  MC.     [LC] 

Indorsement  in  tlie  autogrraph  of  John  Ferrar.    Photographic  reproduction  in  the  Library  of 

Congress. 

895.*  Alderman  Johnson.     "Alderman  John-sons   Declaratione  of  the  Prosperous  estate  of  the 

Colony  duringe  Sr  Th.  Smiths  tyme  of  Gouerment."  (1)LC.     (2)  PKO.     [LC] 

IIL       Ref:  (1)  MS.  Rec.  VirginiaCo.,  Ill,  pt.  l,p.  4.    (2)  Manchester  Papers,  Nos.  344-34«. 

The  Manchester  paper  gives  the  conclusion. 

1622  3  (?) 

396.*  Statement  of  advantages  to  Virginia  and  Summer  Island  companies  of  a  contract  in  force 
compared  with  a  previous  period  from  1619.  PRO. 

Ref:  Manchester  Papers,  No.  311. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  2,  p.  38. 
Autograph  of  Edward  Colliugwood  (?). 

1622  3 

BET-WTEEN  JANTJAjRY  AND  APETL 

897.*  John  Robinson's  son.     Petition  to  Governor  Wyatt.  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  5IS.« 

JAJTOABY  3 

398.*  Governor  in  Virginia.  Instructions  by  governor  and  captain  general  of  Virginia  to  Tucker 
concerning  trade.  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  36. 

JANUAKY  4 

399.*  Ch..rles  Harmoun.     Petition  to  Governor  Wyatt.  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Rec.  VirginiaCo.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  38. 

JANTJARY  20 

400.*  Virginia  Council.  Letter  from  Council  in  Virginia  to  Virginia  Company  of  London. 
acknowledging  arms  .sent,  and  defending  colonists  for  acts  in  massacre.  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Rec.  VirginiaCo.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  i)p.  ■l-ii.'^ 

Pub:  Neill,  Virginia  Company  of  London,  pp.  303-376. 


164  INTRODUCTION  [1622/3 


JANTTAHY  a  a 


401.*  Privy  Council.     Order  that  John  Bargrave  forbear  troubling  Sir  Thomas  Smith.  PC. 

I.  Ref:  Privy  Council  Register,  James  I,  Vol.  V,  p.  564. 

JANTJAKY  24 

402.*  George  Harrison.     Letter  to  his  brother,  John  Harrison.     Accounts  with  Mr.  Bennett.     PRO. 
V'l.        Ref:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  II,  No.  17. 

Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  .State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  36. 

[FEBRtTABT] 

403.*  The  Governor,  Council,  and  Assembly  of  Virginia  to  the  King,  representing  Capt.  Nathan 
Butler's  information  entitled  "  The  Unmasking  of  Virginia."  PRO.     [NY] 

IV.        Ref:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  II,  No.  20. 

Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  38. 

A.  S.    Transcript.    New  York  Public  Library.    Bancroft  Papers,  I,  Fos. 497-527. 
404.*  [Sir  Nathan.  Rich.]     Rough  notes  touching  the  affairs  of  the  Virginia  aud  Summer  Island 
Companies,  especially  the  salary,  (fragment).  PRO. 

VI.        Ref:  Manchester  Papers,  No.  304. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  2,  p.  38. 

[FEBRUAEY]  ? 

405.*  Papers  touching  discussion  of  salaries  in  the  Summer  Island  Company,  on  Feb.  17,  1622/3, 
Jmie  10,  1618.  PRO. 

II.  Ref:  Manchester  Papers,  No.  309. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  2,  p.  38. 

FEBRXJAKY  2. 

406.*  Privy  Council.     Order  for  a  contract  between  the  Lord  Treasurer  on  behalf  of  King  and  the 
Virginia  Company  touching  the  importation  of  tobacco.  (1)  PC.     (2)  PRO. 

I.  Ref:  (1)  Privy  Council  Register,  James  I,  Vol.  V,  p.  583.     (2)  Colonial  Entry  Book, 

Vol.  79,  p.  203. 
Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  37. 

FEBBTTARY  4 

407.  Mr.  Wrote.     Mr.  Wrote's  Project  concerning  salaries.  LC. 

II.  Ref:  MS.  Court  Book,  Virginia  Co.,  II,  136. 
Pub:  Kingsbury,  Rec.  ]'irginia  Co.,  II. 

408.  Objections  against  the  salaries.  LC. 

II.  Ref:  MS.  Court  Book,  Virginia  Co.,  II,  168-169. 
Pub:  Kingsbury,  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  II. 

FEBRUARY  14 

409.*  Governor  of  Virginia.     Order  or  warrant  demanding  sassafras,  60,000  pounds,  to  be  sent 
home.  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  51*. 

FEBRUARY  27 

410.     Proposition  agreed  on  by  the  Lord  High  Treasurer  of  England  and  the  Company  of  Virginia 
and  the  Summer  Islands  touching  the  sole  importation  of  tobacco.  KP. 

III.  Ref:  Duke  of  Dorset  Collection. 

Pub:  Peckard,  Memoirs  of  Nicholas  Ferrar. 


1682/3]  LIST  OF  THE  RECORDS  165 

[MARCH] 

411.*  [Sir  Nathan.  Rich.]     First  Rough  Draft  of  a  proposition  for  the  advancement  of  His  Majesty's 
profit,  and  the  good  of  Virginia  and  the  Summer  Islands  by  settling  the  trade  of  tobacco. 

PRO. 
III.       Ref:  Manchester  Papers,  Nos.  312,  313. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  2,  p.  38. 
412.     Paper  touching  the  discussion  of  salaries  in  the  Summer  Islands  Company.  PRO. 

VII.      Ref:  Manchester  Papers,  No.  310. 

Rub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eiyldh  Report,  pt.  2,  p.  38. 

1623/3.  MASOH.  TO  1624,  JTJLY 

413.*  Bough  notes  of  an  estimate  of  the  value  to  the  King  for  a  year  of  the  proposed  preemption  of 
tobacco  and  pepper.  PRO. 

HI.       Ref:  Manchester  Papers,  No.  314. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  2,  p.  38. 

[MAECH] 

414.*  [Sir  Nathan.  Rich.]     Notes  on  the  Tobacco  Contract.  PRO. 

III.  Ref:  Manchester  Papers,  No.  316. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  2,  p.  39. 

MABCH 

415.*  G.  S.  [andys]?     A  letter  to  Mr.  Farrer  by  the  "  Hopewell."  PRO. 

IV.  ReJ:  Manchester  Papers,  No.  318. 

Pub:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  2,  p.  39. 

A.  L.  S.    Photogrraph  of  autograph  in  the  Library  of  Congress. 
MARCH  4 

416.     Privy  Council.     Order  concerning  the  importation  of  goods  from  colony  to  enforce  order  of 
October  21,  1621.  (1)  LC.     (2)  PRO.     (3)  PC.     [NY] 

II.         Ref:   (1)  MS.  Court  Book,  Virginia  Co.,  II,  232-233.     (2)  Colonial  Entry  Book,  Vol. 
79,  p.  203.     (3)  Privy  Council  Register,  James  I,  Vol.  V,  p.  618. 

Pub:   (1)  Kingsbury,  Re.e.  Virginia  Co.,  Vol.  II.     (2)  Brock,   ]'irginia  Company,   II, 
126-127.     (3)  Suinsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  40. 
417.*  Governor  in  Virginia.     Order  of  the  governor  and  captain-general  of  Virginia  to  keep  the 
22d  of  March  holy,  forever  after.     Date  of  the  massacre.  LC. 

IV.       Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  51\ 

MARCH  6 

418.     Virginia  Colony.     Petition  to  King  concerning  the  tobacco  trade.  LC. 

II.         Ref:  MS.  Court  Book,  Virginia  Co.,  II,  221. 

Pub:  (1)  Kingsbury,  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Vol.  II.      (2)  Brock,  Virginia  Comprny,  II,  221. 

MARCH  B 

419.*  Frethorne.     Copy  of  a  letter  from  Frethorne  to  Bateman,  describing  the  distress  of  the  colony 
due  to  the  massacre.  PRO. 

VI.         Ref:  Manchester  Papers,  No.  317. 

MARCH   7 

420.     Virginia  Company,     .inswei  to  Privy  Council,  concerning  importation  of  goods  and  tobacco 
from  colony.  LC. 

II.         Ref:  MS.  Court  Book,  Virginia  Co.,  II,  236-237. 

Pub:  (1)  Kingsbury,  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  II.     (2)  Brock,  Virginia  Company,  II,  130-131. 


166  lyXRODVCTION  [1622/3-1623 

421.*  Order  of  court  for  Virginia  and  Summer  Island,  concerning  Lord  Cavendish's  ommission  of  a 
part  of  Lord  Treasurer's  Speech  at  Counsell  Table  touching  Alderman  Johnson. 
II.         Ref:  Ferrar  Papers.  MC.     [LC] 

Photographic  reproduction  in  Library  of  Congress, 
Signed  by  Ed.  ColUugwood.    Indorsed  in  autograph  of  ColUngwood. 

422.*  A  rough  draft  of  above.  MC.     LC. 

II.         Ref:  Ferrar  Papers. 

Indorsed  in  CoUingwood's  and  John  Ferrar's  writing. 
Holograph  of  Ed.  CoUingwood. 

MAECEC    17 

423.*  Extraordinary  court  of  Sumer  Island,  concerning  the  grievances  of  inhabitants  of  Summer 
Island.     Part  of  the  blurred  book  (?).  MC.     [LC] 

II.  Ref:  Ferrar  Papers. 

Photographic  reproduction  and  transcript  in  the  Library  of  Congress. 
Marginal  entries  in  autograph  of  John  Ferrar. 

MAECH   20 

424.*  Reasons  offered  to  Privy  Coimcil  against  Sir  Edwin  Sandys's  contract  and  joint  stock  for  the 
N'irginia  and  Summer  Island  tobacco,  and  against  monopoly  of  tobacco.  PRO.    [NY] 

III.  Ref:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  Ill,  No.  10. 
Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  59. 

Transcript:  New  York  Public  Library,  Bancroft  Papers.  II.  413-429. 

Date  in  Sainsbury,  March  20.  1623/4.    On  MS.  in  contemporary  writing,  March  20,  1622/8. 

MABCTH   34 

425.     Virginia  Company.     Petition  to  the  Privy  Council  concerning  importation  of  tobacco.      LC. 

III.  Ref:  MS.  Court  Book,  Virginia  Co.,  II,  244-248. 

Pub:  (1)  Kingsbury,  Rec.   Virginia  Co.,  Vol.  II.     (2)  Brock,  Virginia  Company,  II, 
137-143. 

MASOH   37 

426.*  [Lord  Treasurer  Middlesex.]  Copy  of  a  letter  to  officers  and  farmers  of  customs,  and  to 
Abraham  and  John  Jacob,  the  collectors  who  had  delayed  the  passing  of  the  tobacco 
in  a  ship  from  the  Bermudas.  PRO. 

I.  Ref:  Manchester  Papers,  No.  293. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  2,  p.  37. 

1623 

KABOH   38 

427.*  George  Sandys.     Letter  from  George  Sandys  to  Samuel  Wrote.  PRO. 

IV.  Ref:  Manchester  Papers,  No.  319. 

Pub:  Neill,  E.,  Virginia  Vetmta,  pp.  122-127.     Calendar:  Hist.,  MSS.  Com.,  Eighth 
Report,  pt.  2,  p.  39. 
Holograph. 
428.     Samuel  Matthews.     A  letter  concerning  the  property  of  Thomas  Sheffield,  and  his  son,  who 
was  tongue-tied.  PRO. 

HI.       Ref:  Admiralty  Court,  Instjtuce  and  Prize,  Libels  80,  No.  118. 


1628]  Lli^T  OF  THE  RECORDS  167 

MAHCH  30 

439.*  George  Sandys.     A  letter  to  hin  brother,  Sir  Samuel  Sandys,  imputing  the  cause  of  "theyr 
ill  proceedings  to  y'  directions  from  hence."  PRO. 

IV.         Ref:  Manchester  Papers,  No.  320. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  2,  p.  39. 

430.*  A  letter  to  his  brother.  Sir  Miles  Sandys,  complaining  that  the  colony  would  have 

been  strong  had  they  settled  clo.se  together.  PRO. 

IV.         Ref:  Manchester  Papers,  No.  321. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  2,  p.  39. 
431.*  Virginia  Council.     Virginia  Council  to  Lord  Treasurer  Mandeville,  concerning  tobacco. 

III.  Ref:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  II,  No.  21.  PRO.     [N^'] 
Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  Hldie  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  41. 

Transcript:  New  York  Public  Library.  Bancroft  Papers,  11,  folios  9-13. 

UABCH  31 

432.*  William  Capp.     A  letter  to  John  Ferrar  complaining  of  George  Sandys,  approving  the  gov- 
ernor, and  censuring  the  company.  PRO. 

IV.  Ref:  Manchester  Papers,  No.  322. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  2,  p.  39. 

[MARCH  OR  APRIL  (?)] 

433.*  William  Capps.     A  letter  to  Dr.  Wynston,  censuring  the  council.     A  friend  of  Captain  Butler. 
VI.         Ref:  Manchester  Papers,  No.  323.  PRO. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  2,  p.  39. 

[APRIL?] 

434.*  [Nathan.  Rich]     Bargrave's  charge  against  Sir  Thomas  Smyth,  with  answers  in  rough  draft 
by  [Nathan.  Rich.]  PRO. 

VI.        Ref:  Manchester  Papers,  No.  351. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  2,  p.  43. 

[APRIL  OR  MATP] 

435.*  Nathan.  Butler.     A  letter  to  Nathaniel  Rich.  PRO. 

VI.        Ref:  Manchester  Papers,  No.  355. 

Pib:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  2,  pp.  43-44. 
436.*  List  of  names  of  persons  fit  to  be  Governor  and  Deputy  Governor  of  Vh'ginia  and  Summer 
Island  Companies.  PRO. 

VI.        Ref:  Manchester  Papers,  Nos.  356,  357,  358,  359. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  2,  p.  44. 

[APRXL-JTrNE] 

437.*  [Nathan.  Rich]     Notes  of  the  "  Ires  from  Virginia;  all  but  Frethonie's,  wch  must  be  added 
out  of  the  Coppy  at  large."  PRO. 

VI.        Ref:  Manchester  Papers,  No.  340. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  2,  p.  42. 

BETWEEN  APRIL  AND  MAT 

438.*  [N.  Rich]     Rough  notes  of  heads  and  references  to  prove  charges  of  mismanagement  against 
the  Sandys  faction  of  the  Virginia  Company.  PRO.     [LC] 

VI.        Ref:  Manchester  Papers,  No.  342. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  2,  p.  42. 


168  IJiTRODUCTION  [1623 

BET'WEEN  APRIL  AND  JXTUTE 

439.*  Adventurers  and  Planters.  Complaint  from  adventurers  and  planters  to  His  Majesty's 
commissioners  against  Sir  Ed.  Sandys  et  al.  in  the  last  four  years  of  the  government. 

III.  Ref:  Manchester  Papers,  No.  343.  PRO. 
Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  2,  p.  42. 

440.*  [Alderman  Joh.nson]  Part  of  a  draft  of  a  statement  (under  heads  numbered  10-39)  touching 
the  miserable  condition  of  Virginia  and  its  causes.  PRO. 

VI.       Eef:  Manchester  Papers,  Nos.  347,  348. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  2,  pp.  42-43. 
441.*  Statement  "from  attestation  of  divers  sufficient  understanding  sea  men"  as  to  the  bad  condi 
tion  in  Virginia.  PRO- 

IV.  Ref:  Manchester  Papers,  No.  349. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  2,  p.  43. 
442.*  [N.  Rich]     Beginning  of  rough  draft  of  a  certificate  affirming  the  truth  of  statements  of 
Captain  Butler.  PRO. 

III.       Ref:  Manchester  Papers,  No.  3.50. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  2,  p.  43. 
443.*  Note  of  the  men  sent  to  Virginia  in  Sir  Thomas  Smythe's  time,  over  600  "confessed,"  with 
names  of  ships  conveying  them.  PRO. 

VI.        Ref:  ^Manchester  Papers,  No.  352. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  2,  p.  43. 

[APRTL?] 

444.*  Answer  of  Adventurers  and  Planters  in  Virginia  and  Summer  Islands  to  a  petition  exhibited 
to  His  Majesty  by  Lord  Cavendish  et  al.  in  name  of  Companies.  PRO. 

III.        Ref:  .Manchester  Papers,  No.  353. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  2,  p.  43. 

APMIi 

445.  Alderman  Jonnson.  Petition  of  Adventurers  and  Planters  to  the  King,  praying  the  appoint- 
ment of  a  commission  to  investigate  the  abuses  of  the  Virginia  affairs  and  propound  a 
reform.  (l)PRO.     (2)  LC. 

VI.        Ref:  (1)  Manchester  Papers,  No.  328.     (2)  MS.  Court  Book  of  the  Virginia  Company, 
II,  270-271. 
Pub:  (1)  Kingsbury,  Records  Virginia  Co.,  II.     (2)  Neill,  Virginia  Company  of  Lon- 
don, pp.  387-389.     (3)  Brock,  Virginia  Company,  II,  169-170. 

The  indorsement  gives  Alderman  Johnson  as  the  author.    The  autograph  is  quite  different 
from  Johnson's.    Tliis  is  recorded  in  the  Court  Book  under  the  date  of  April  18. 

446.*  "  Names  of  Adventurers  that  dislike  y'  present  proceedings  of  business  in  y'  Virginia  and 
Somers  Islands  Companies."  PRO. 

VI.        Ref:  Manchester  Papers,  No.  327. 
Pub:  Brown,  Genesis,  II,  982. 

Indorsement  in  autograph  of  N.  Rich. 

[APRTLJ 

447.*  "Articles  of  Inquirie  for  the  Coimc"  of  Virginia"  etc.     Addressed  to  Nath.  Rich.  PRO. 

VI.        Ref:  Manchester  Papers,  Nos.  331,  332,  333. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  EigtUh  Report,  pt.  2,  p.  40. 
Autograph  similar  to  Qeorge  Sandys's. 


1623]  LliiT  OF  THE  UBC0RD8  169 

[APBXL?] 

448.*  Alderman  Joliuson.     "Alderman  Johnson's  rough  draught  to  a  Cotnission  &  the  peticon  to 
his  Mat)'."  PRO.     [LC] 

VI.        Ref:  Manchester  Papers,  No.  329. 

Pub:  Calendar;  Hist.  MSS.  Cora.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  2,  p.  40. 
Photograph  of  part  in  Library  of  Congress. 

449.*  Heads  of  inquiries  in  Virginia  l)y  commissioners  there.  PRO. 

VI.        Be/:  Manchester  Papers,  No.  334. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  2,  pp.  40-41. 
Autograph  similar  to  John  Harvey's. 

450.*  P.  Arundle.     Extract  from  letter  of  P.  Arundle,  recounting  how  Spilman  was  cut  off  by 
Indians,  and  attributing  treachery  to  the  example  of  Europeans.  PRO. 

VI.        Ref:  Manchester  Papers,  No.  341. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  2,  p.  42. 

451.*  Account  of  a  small  supply  sent  to  Virginia  in  the  "Bonny  Bess,"  April,  1623.  NY. 

VI.        Ref:  Smyth  of  Nibley  Papers,  Smyth,  3  (38),  p.  15.5. 
Pub:  Catalogue:  N.  Y.  Pub.  Lib.  Bull.,  I,  157. 
In  John  Smith's  autograph. 

BETTVEEN  APKIL  AlTD   SEPTEMBER 

452.*  Samuel  Moll.     Petition  to  Governor  Wyatt  to  sell  and  return  to  England.  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  59". 
453.*  Thomas  Passmore.     Petition  to  Governor  "Wyatt  concerning  service  of  indentured  servant. 

IV.        &/;  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  59.  LC. 

464.*  Petition  to  Governor  Wyatt  by  "Margaret  and  John's"  Company,  asliing  freedom  from  bond 

to  Mr.  Douglas.  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  59. 

APmi,  2  AND  3 

456.*  Richard  Frethorne.     A  copy  of  a  letter  to  his  father  and  mother,  concerning  suffering  from 
want.  PRO. 

VI.        Ref:  Manchester  Papers,  No.  325. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  2,  p.  40. 

AETER  APRIL  4 

466.*  Council  in  Virginia.     Letter  from  the  Council  in  Virginia  to  the  Virginia  Company  in 
London,  telling  of  the  recovery  of  the  colony.  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  7. 

APRTL  4 

467.*  Council  in  Virginia.     Letter  to  Virginia  Company  of  London,  describing  attempts  for  sassa- 
fras &  silke-grass;  return  of  planters  to  different  houses,  etc.,  and  treiity  with  Indians. 

(1)'lC.     (2)  pro. 
IV.        Ref:  (1)  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  HI,  pt.  ii,  pp.  6,  6».      (2)  State  Papers,  Colonial, 
James  I,  Vol.  II,  No.  22. 
Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  pp.  41—12. 

APRIL  13 

458.     Virginia  Company.     Petition  to  the  King  concerning  .\lderman  Johnson's  petition.  LC. 

III.        Ref:  BIS.  Court  Book,  Virginia  Co.,  II,  263-264. 

Pub:  (1)  Kingsbury,  Rec.  ]'irginia  Co.,  II.     (2)   Brock,  Virginia  Company,  11,164. 


170  IXTRODVCTIOW  [1623 


459.*  Sir  Francis  Wyatt.  A  letter  to  John  Ferrar,  giving  particulars  of  rebuilding  of  colony  and 
adx-ieing  extinction  of  the  Indians  and  martial  law.  PRO.     [NY] 

IV.        Ref:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  II,  No.  26. 

Pub:  Sainabury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  42. 

Transcript,  New  York  Public  Library,  Bancroft  Papers,  II,  tos,  33-41. 
APRTT,  8 

460.*  George  Sandys.     A  letter  to  John  Ferrar,  relating  the  distressed  condition  of  the  colony. 

IV.        Ref:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  II,  Nos.  27,  35.  PRO.     [NY] 

Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  Stale  Papers,  Coloriial,  p.  42. 

No.  35  is  an  autograph  letter  and  is  indorsed  Sandys  to  the  Company.    Transcript,  New  York 
Public  Library,  Bancroft  Papers,  II,  fos.  -15-59. 

APHUi  11 

461.*  George  Sandys.     A  letter  to  John  Ferrar.  PRO. 

IV.        Ref:  Manchester  Papers,  No.  326. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  2,  p.  40. 

APKTL   13 

462.  Virginia  Company.     A  relation  to  the  King  concerning  the  proceedings  of  colonies. 

(1)LC.     (2)  PRO. 
III.       Ref:  (1)  MS.  Court  Book,  Virginia  Co.,  II,  255-263.     (2)  Manchester  Papers,  No.  360. 
Pub:   (1)  Kingsbury,  Rec.  Mrgiiiia  Co.,  II.     (2)  Brock,  Virginia  Company,  II,  152-162. 
(3)  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  2,  p.  44. 

463.     A  declaration  of  the  present  state  of  Virginia  presented  to  the  King.  LC. 

III.  Ref:  MS.  Court  Book,  Virginia  Co.,  II,  253. 

Pub:  (1)  Kingsbury,  Rec.Virginia  Co.,  II.     (2)  Brock,  Virgi7iia  Company,  II,  148-151. 

APKXL  14 

464.*  Christopher  Davison.  A  letter  to  John  Ferrar  concerning  the  arrival  of  the  "Margaret  and 
John"  in  distress  from  an  attack  by  the  Spanish.  PRO.     [NY] 

IV.  Ref:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  II,  No.  28. 

Pub:  (1)  Virginia  Mag.  of  Hist., \l,2iZ-2i4:.     (2)  &a.msbwy.  Calendar  of  Stale  Papers, 
Colonial,  p.  43. 

Transcript,  New  York  Public  Library,  Bancroft  Papers,  II,  fos,  61-65, 
465.*  [Nathan,  Rich.  ]     Draft  of  instructions  to  the  commissioners  to  investigate  the  Virginia  affairs. 
VI.        Ref:  Manchester  Papers,  No.  330.  PRO. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  2,  p.  40. 

APRIL   16 

466.*  Captain  Kendall.  .A.  letter  from  the  Summer  Islands  to  Sir  Ed.  Sandys  telling  of  the  blowing 
up  of  the  "Seafiower,"  bound  for  Virginia.  MC.     [LC] 

IV.        Ref:  Ferrar  Papers. 

.\.  L.  S.    Photographic  reproduction  of  part  and  transcript  in  the  Library  of  Congress. 
APRn.  17 

467.*  Privy  Council.  An  order  that,  upon  hearing  Lord  Cavendish  and  others,  representatives,  a 
commission  be  appointed  to  inquire  into  the  true  state  of  Virginia  and  Somers  Island 
plantations.  PC. 

1.  Ref:  Privy  Council  Register,  James  I,  Vol.  V,  pp.  668-669. 

Pah:  (1)  LeFroy,  Memorials  of  the  Bermudas,  I,  289-290.     (2)  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of 
Stale  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  44. 


1628]  ^Jl^T  OF  THE  RECORD!?  171 


468.  Lord  Treasurer  Middlesex.  A  letter  to  Seiretary  Conway,  concerning  proceedings  in  Privy 
Cijuncil  for  the  King's  information  respecting  the  differences  of  the  two  companies  of 
Virginia  and  Somers  Inlands.  PRO. 

I.  Hef:  State  Paper.^!,  Domestic,  .rame.s  I,  Addenda,  A'ol.  4.3. 

Pvh:  (1)  LeFroy,  Mrmoriah  of  the  Bermuda.",  I,  290-291.     (2)  Sainabury,  Calendar  nf 
State  Pdpers,  Colonial,  p.  44. 

APRIL   19 

489.  John  Chamberlain.  A  letter  to  Sir  Dudley  Carleton  concerning  the  great  faction  in  the 
Virginia  Company.  PRO. 

VII.      Ref:  State  Paper.",  Domestic,  James  I,  Vol,  143,  No.  22. 
Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  Stale  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  44. 

APKTL  21 

470.*  "Coppie  of  the  Courte  books  deliuered  by  order  of  the  Lords  of  his  Ma""  Counsell  to  the 
Secretary."     A  Receipt  for  Court  Book.s  from  .Jan.  28,  1606,  to  April  2,  162.3. 

III.  Ref-  Ferrar  Papers.  MC.     [LC] 

Pbr<togTaphic  Reproduction  in  the  Librarj'  of  Congress. 
471.*  "A  Memoriall  of  some  things  w"''  it  may  please  the  lis  to  insert  in  their  Lot"  letters  to  Vir- 
ginia and  the  Summer  Islands."  PRO. 
VI.        Ref-  Manchester  Papers,  No.  33.5. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  2,  p.  41. 

Indorsed  in  Autograph  of  N.  Rich:  '•  deliv.  by  me  to  the  L.  Treas." 
APEXL  23.   26 

472.*  John  Wrig'ht.  A  petition  to  Governor  Wyatt  demanding  that  Mr.  Douglas  deliver  certain 
goods  to  him  which  he  had  had  in  partnership  with  Mr.  Langley,  deceased,  master  of  ship. 

IV.  iif/.-  MS.  Rec.  VirginiaCo.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  59.  LC. 

APRH-  24  AND  MAY  3 

473.*  Petition  to  Governor  Wyatt  and  Council  in  Virginia  by  passengers  in  the  Margaret  and  John 
complaining  of  evil  treatment.  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  58'. 

APRH/  24 

474.  Lord  Treas.  Middlesex.  Lord  Treas.  Middlesex  to  Secretary  Conway,  stating  that  the  draft 
of  the  Ireland  and  Virginia  commissioners  is  ready.  PRO. 

VII.        Ref:  State  Papers,  Domestic,  James  I,  Vol.  143,  No.  60. 
Pub:  Calendar:  Slate  Papers,  DomeMic,  Vol.  143. 

APRIL  26  AND  MAY  3 

476.*  John  Loyde.  Petition  to  Governor  and  Council  in  Virginia  demanding  freedom  from  appren- 
ticement  to  Langley.  LC. 

IV.      Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii.,  p.  59. 

AFKTL  as 

476.*  Privy  Council.     Order  disallowing  the  letters  of  the  Virginia  Company  to  the  colony  and  dis- 
solving the  tobacco  contract.  "(1)  PC.     (2)  &  (3)  LC. 
I.          Ref:  (1)  Privy  Council  Register,  James  I,  Vol.  V,  p.  674.     (2)  MS.  Rec.  Virginia 
Co.,  Ill,  pt.  i,  p.  1".     (3)  Instructions,  Commission,  and  Letters,  1606-1683,  pp. 
61-62. 
Pub:  (1)  LeFroy,  Memorials  of  thf  Bermudas,  I,  293-294.     (2)  Sainsburj-,  Calendar  of 
State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  45. 


172  INTRODUCTION  [1623 

477.*  Privy  Council.     Letter  to  "  Governor,  Council  and  Colony  in  Virginia,"  urging  care  of  forti- 
fications, provisions,  and  habitations.  (1)  &  (3)  LC.      (2)  PEO.     (4)  PC.     [NY] 
I.           Ref:  (1)  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  i,  p.  1.     (2)  Colonial  Entry  Book,  Vol.  79, 
p.  205.     (3)   Instructions,  Commissions,  Letters,  1606-1683,  pp.  59-60.     (4)  Privy 
Council  Register,  James  I,  Vol.  V,  p.  675. 
Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  45. 

Transcript,  New  York  Public  Library,  Bancroft  Papers,  II,  fos.  93-95. 

478.*  Letter  to  the  "Councell  in  Virginia,"  announcing  Act  of  Court  in  London  concerning 

Tobacco.  LC.     PRO. 

I.  Ref:  (1)  Colonial  Entry  Book,  Vol.  79,  p.  204.     (2)  Privy  Council  Register,  James  I, 

Vol.  V,  p.  674. 
Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  45. 

479.*  Copy  of  a  letter  to  the  Governor  of  Virginia,  sent  by  "  Bonny  Bess."  MC. 

I.  Ref:  Ferrar  Papers. 

480.  Planters.  Answer  of  Planters  to  Captain  Butler's  "Unmasked  face  of  Virginia"  as  it  was 
written  in  1622.  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Court  Book,  Virginia  Co.,  II,  275-277. 

Pub:  (1)  Kingsbury,  Rec.   Virginia  Co.,  II.     (2)  Neill,  Virginia  Company  of  London, 
pp.  395-404.      (3)  Brock,  Virginia  Company,  II,  175-183. 

APRIL  29 

481.*  Governor  in  Virginia.     Proclamation  calling  for  labor  on  the  fort  at  Wariscoyack.  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  50". 

[MAY   ?] 

482.*  Nicholas  Ferrar.  Nicholas  Ferrar's  computation  by  which  he  would  prove  that  to  pay  but 
9''  per  pound  for  Planters'  tobacco  and  bring  all  in  is  worse  than  before  to  pay  12''  and 
be  at  liberty  to  bring  in  what  we  will.  PRO. 

VI.        Ref:  Colonial  Entry  Book,  Vol.  74,  p.  204.     Manchester  Papers,  No.  354. 
Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  2,  p.  43. 
Indorsed  in  autograph  of  Nath.  Rich. 

483.*  "A  Briefe  An.swere  to  a  declaracon  made  and  delivered  to  his  Matie"  in  Easter  week,  con- 
cerning accusations  against  the  colony.  PRO. 
VI.        Ref:  Manchester  Papers,  Nos.  361,  362. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  2,  pp.  44,  45. 

No.  361  is  in  Nathaniel  Rich's  autograph.    No.  362  is  in  that  of  Alderman  .Tohnson. 

484.*  [Nicholas]  Farrar.  "The  names  of  divers  Knights,  Citizens  and  Burgesses  of  Lower  House  of 
Commons  that  are  Adventurers  and  Free  of  Virginia  Compagny  and  yet  have  not 
followed  the  bussiness  for  sundry  yearea,"  PRO. 

VI.        Ref:  Manchester  Papers,  No.  371. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  2,  p.  46. 

Autograph  of  Nicholas  Ferrar.    Indorsed  in  autograph  of  N.  Rich  as  "by  Mr.  Farrar." 

[MAT] 

485.*  [Nath.  BichP]  Heads  of  two  letters  to  be  written  to  Virginia  Company  by  Mr.  Secretary, 
declaring  His  Majesty's  pleasure  respecting  restraint  of  factious  persons,  and  suggesting 
limitation  of  adventurers.  PRO. 

VI.        Ref:  Manchester  Papers,  Nos.  372,  373. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  2,  p.  46. 


1623]  LIfiT  OF  THE  RECORDS  173 

486.*  The  Petition  and  the  heads  of  suggested  answer  to  an  intended  petition  of  the  Virginia  Com- 
pany to  the  King  to  reconsider  his  letter  respecting  constitution  of  their  courts.       PRO. 
VI.        Ref:  Manclie.'-ter  Papers,  Nos.  374,  375. 

Fith:  Calendar:  Hist.  M.S.'*.  Corn.,  Eicjlilh  Rrport,  pt.  2,  p.  46. 
487.*  Alderman  Johnson.     Draft  of  Mr.  Johnson's  observations  on  the  mode  of  interpreting  his 
Majesty's  letter,  adopted  by  some  members  of  the  [Virginia]  court.  PRO. 

VI.         Ref:  Manchester  Papers,  No.  377. 

I'lih:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eiijhlh  RcjkM,  pt.  2,  p.  46. 
488.*  Adventurers  and  Planters.    Petition  to  the  Privy  Council  by  sundry  adventurers  and  planters 
of  the  Virginia  and  Summer  Islands  Companies,  concerning  unjust  accusations,  read  by 
Nicholas  Ferrar  on  April  30.  PRO. 

III.       ReJ:  Manchester  Papers,  No.  363. 

F\ih:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  2,  p.  45. 

MAY  a 

489.*  Virginia  Company.  Letter  to  the  Cxovernor  and  Council  in  Virginia,  concerning  commodities 
and  the  tobacco  contract.     Revised  by  the  Privy  Council.  LC. 

III.       Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  27.  «    Instructions,  Commissions  and  Let- 
ters, 1606-1683,  pp.  110-112. 
Pub:  Neill,  Virginia  Company  of  London,  391-394. 

MAY  4 

490.*  Anthony  Hilton.     A  letter  to  his  mother,  concerning  the  colony.  PRO. 

VI.        Ref:  Manchester  Papers,  No.  364. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  2,  p.  45. 

MAY  7 

491.  Virginia  Company.     True  answer  to  Captain  Butler's  "The  Unmasked  face  of  our  colonic 

in  Virginia."  (1)LC.     (2)  BM.  PRO. 

III.        Ref:  (1)  MS.  Court  Book,  Virginia  Co.,  II,  286-287.     (2)  Sloane,  1039,  fo.  92  (part 
of  the  document). 
Pub:  (] )  Kingsbury,  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  II.     (2)  Brock,  Virginia  Company,  II,  191-194. 

492.  Virginia  Council.     Declaration  to  his  Majesty  by  the  Counsell  for  Virginia  [in  London],  con- 

cerning dissentions  in  the  companies.  LC. 

III.        Ref:  MS.  Court  Book,  Virginia  Co.,  II,  288-298. 

Pii.h:  (1)   Kingsbury,  flee.  Virginia  Co.,  11.     (2)  Brock,  rj'rr/mm  rVimpfrn;/,  II,  195-205. 

493.  Planters  and  Adventurers.     The  answer  of  planters  and  adventurers  to  Alderman  Johnson's 

petition.  LC. 

III.        Ref:  MS.  Court  Book,  Virginia  Co.,  II,  283-285. 

Pub:  (1)  Kingsbury,  AVc.  r/rfyiiHVr  Co.,  II.     (2)  Brock,  r)>,(7ima  Compnni/,  II,  186-191. 

494.  Virginia  and  Summer  Islands  Companies.     Petition  to  King  requesting  thorough  investi- 

gation of  Virginia  affairs  and  the  return  of  their  records,  sequestered  14  days  since.     LC. 
III.        Ref:  MS.  Court  Book,  Virginia  Co.,  II,  299. 

Pub:   (1)  Kingsbury,  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  II.     (2)  Brock,  Mrginia  Company,  II,  205-207. 

MAY   [BBTVTEEN  7  AND  13] 

495.*  Adventurers  and  Planters.  Petition  of  "sundry  adventurers  and  planters  of  the  Virginia 
and  Summer  Islands  Companies  to  Privy  Council  to  command  Lord  Cavendish.  S'  E. 
Sandys,   Mr.   John  and  Nicholas  Farrar  to  appear  with  certain  writings  of  ^lay  7." 

PRO.    "[LC] 
III.       Ref:  Manchester  papers.  No.  366. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  2,  p.  45. 


174  INTRODUCTION  [1628 


496.*  Secretary  Conway.  A  letter  to  Sir  Ed.  Sackville,  from  Theobalds,  concerning  the  petition 
on  behalf  of  Virginia.  PRO. 

VI.        Ref:  State  Papers,  Domestic,  James  I,  Vol.  214. 

Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  Stxite  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  45. 

497.*  .     A  letter  to  Secretary  Calvert,  from  Theobalds,  to  hasten  the  passing  of  the  commiB- 

sion  concerning  Virginia. 
I.  Eef:  State  Papers,  Domestic,  James  I,  Vol.  214. 

Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papem,  Colonial,  p.  45. 

[PBOBABLT  BEFOKE  MAY  7] 

498.*  Governor  in  Virginia.  Proclamation  of  the  governor  and  captain-general  of  Virginia  to  be 
careful  of  the  savage  treachery.  LC. 

Ref:  MS.  Records,  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  47*. 

MAX  9 

499.*  Privy  Council.  Commission  to  Sir  William  Jones,  Sir  Nicholas  Fortesoue,  Sir  Thomas  Gofton, 
Sir  Richard  Sutton,  Sir  William  Pitt,  Sir  Henry  Bourchier,  and  Sir  Henry  Spiller  to 
investigate  the  conditions  of  disputes  in  Virginia,  and  report  method  of  procedure. 

(1)  BM.     (2)  PRO.     (3)  LC. 
I.  Ref:  (1)  Additional  MSS.,  29975,  fos.  63-64.     (2)  Docquet  Book,  Signet  Office,  Vol.  7; 

Patent  Roll  21,  James  I,  19th  part.     (3)  Virginia  Misc.  Records  (Bland  copy), 
pp.  126-132. 

500.*  Governor  in  Virginia.  Proclamation  by  the  governor  and  captain-general  of  Virginia  for 
planting  sufficient  corn.  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p. 

MAY  11 

501.*  Governor  in  Virginia.  Commission  by  governor  and  captain-general  of  Virginia  to  Captain 
Smith  to  build  a  fort  at  Warosquayak.  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  HI,  pt.  ii,  p.  40. 

MAY  12 

502.*  Governor  in  Virginia.  Commission  by  governor  and  captain-general  of  Virginia  to  Gilbert 
Peppet  to  trade  with  y"  Indians.  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  40. 

503.*  .     Commission  by  governor  of  Virginia  to    Capt.   Ralph    Tucker    to    go   against   the 

Indians.  LC. 

IV.       Ref  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  50'. 

MAY  13 

504.*  Governor  in  Virginia.     Warrant  of  governor  in  Virginia  for  sending  every  twentieth  man 

to  work  on  the  fort  at  ^A'ariscayack.  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  51*. 

505.*  Privy  Council.     Order  demanding  that  John  and  Nicholas  Ferrar,  of  the  Virginia  Company, 

be  confined  to  houses  till  further  order,  a.s  guilty  of  contempt  of  Order  of  Council  Table. 

(1)  PRO.     (2)  PC. 
I.  Ref:  (l)ColonialP:ntry  Book,  Vol.  79,  pp.  205-206.   (2)  Privy  Council  Register,  James 

I,  Vol.  V,  p.  699. 
F^b:   (1)  Brown,    First    Republic,   526.      (2)   Sainsburj',    Calendar  of  State  Papers, 
Colonial,  pp.  45-46. 


1633]  Liar  OF  THE  RECORDS  175 


606.*  Secretary  Calvert.     A  letter  to  the  Earl  of  Southampton,  notifying  the  Virginia  Company 
not  to  proceed  with  election  of  ofhcera  until  the  pleasure  of  King  be  known. 
I.  Ref:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  II,  No.  29.  PRO.     [XY] 

Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  Slate  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  46. 

Transcript:  New  York  Public  Librarj'.  Bancroft  Papers,  II,  foa.  101-2. 

507.  *  Secretary  Sir  George  Calvert.     A  letter  to  Secretary  Conway,  stating  that  election  of  officers 
of  Virginia  Company  is  ordered  postponed  by  King  in  Council  till  next  court. 
VII.      Ref:  State  Papers,  Domestic,  James  I,  Vol.  144,  No.  45.  PRO. 

Puh:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  Stale  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  46. 

MAT  16 

508.*  [Nathan  Rich.]     "  Note  which  I  presently  took  of  Captain  John  Bargrave's  discourse  to  me 
concerning  Sir  Edwin  Sandys."  PRO. 

VI.        Ref:  Manchester  Papers,  No.  368. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  2,  p.  4.5. 

HAT  18 

509.     The  Eing.     Letter  to  the  Virginia  Company  concerning  the  appointment  of  Commissionere. 
I.  Ref:  MS.  Court  Book,  Virginia  Co.,  II,  317-318.  LC. 

Pab:  (1)  Kingsbury,  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  II.     (2)  Brock,  Virginia  Company,  II,  217. 

MAT  18.  ai 

510.*  Privy  Council.     Orders  releasing  Lord  Cavendish,  Sir  Edwin  Sandys,  and  John  and  Nicholas 
Ferrar.  PC. 

I.  Ref:  Privy  Council  Register,  James  I,  Vol.  I,  p.  709. 

[AFTEB  MAT  18] 

511.*  Virginia  Company.     Reasons  alleged  to  persuade  the  King  to  reconsider  bis  letter  of  May  18 
not  permitting  members  of  Company  to  meet  unless  having  planters  in  Virginia, 
in.       Ref:  Manchester  Papers,  No.  376.  PRO. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  2,  p.  46. 
For  the  petition  formulated,  see  ank  No.  482. 
MAT  20 

512.*  The  King.     Copy  of  a  letter  to  Governor  and  Company  of  Summer  Islands  to  keep  meetings 
and  place  distinct  from  Virginia  Company,  and  concerning  choice  of  officers.  PRO. 

I.  Ref:  Manchester  Papers,  No.  369. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  2,  p.  45. 

MAT  22 

618.*  Privy  Council.     Order  demanding  that  all  records  of  Virginia  and  Somers  Islands  Companies 

be  delivered  to  the  Commissioners,  and  that  packets  from  the  Colonies  be  opened  by 

the  Conimis.'jioners  hereafter  and  be  disposed  of  at  will.  (1)  PRO.     (2)  PC. 

I.  Ref:  (1)  Colonial  Entry  Book,  Vol.  79,   pp.  206-207.     (2)  Privy  Council  Register, 

James  I,  Vol.  V,  p.  714. 

Pub:  (1)  Brown,  A.,  First  Republic,  pp.  532-533.     (2)  Sainsbury,    Calendar  of  5I(«<« 

Papers,  Colonial,  p.  46. 

MAT  28 

514.*  Governor  in  Virginia.     Commission  by  governor  and  captain-general  of  Viniinia  to  Captain 
Pierce  to  be  captain  of  y'  guard.  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  40'. 
16455— VOL  1—06 12 


176  INTRODUCTION  [1623 

[JUNB  OR  JTTLY  P] 

616.*  Draft  of  a  preliminary  report  of  the  commissioners  on  the  condition  of  the  colony  of  Virginia. 
VI.        Ref:  Manchester  Papers,  No.  382.  PRO. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  2,  p.  46. 

[JTTNEP] 

616.*  [N.  Kich.]     Rough  draft  of  a  project  for  the  better  government  of  the  colony  and  company. 
VI.        Ref:  Manchester  Papers,  No.  381.  PRO.     [LC] 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  2,  p.  46. 

JTTNE(?) 

617.*  Virginia  Council.  Treasurer  and  council  for  Virginia  to  the  Privy  Council  concerning  Capt. 
John  Bargrave's  Petition.  PRO. 

III.       Ref:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  II,  No.  7. 

Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  Stale  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  30. 

JUNE 

618.*  List  of  72  patents  granted  to  several  persons  named,  all  of  whom  have  divers  partners  "whose 
names  and  several  shares  we  do  not  know."  PRO. 

III.        Ref:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  II,  No.  33. 

Pub:  (1)  Brown,    First   Republic,   pp.   628-630.       (2)  Sainsbury,    CaUttdar  of  State 
Papers,  Colonial,  p.  47. 
519.*  List  of  shareholders  in  Virginia  Company,  with  the  number  of  shares  and  reason  for  allot- 
ment— by  purchase  or  otherwise,  March,  1616-June,  1623.  PRO. 

III.  Ref:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  II,  No.  33. 

Pub:  (!)   Virginia   Mag.   of  Hist,   IV,    299-310.      (2)    Sainsbury,   Calendar  of  Stale 
Papers,  Colonial,  p.  47. 

jxjjns  4 

520.     The  King.     Letter  to  the  Virgmia  Company.  (1)  LC.     (2)  PRO. 

I.  Ref:  (1)  MS.  Court  Book,  Virginia  Co.,  II,  319.     (2)  Manchester  Papers,  No.  378. 

Pub:  (1)  King.«bury,  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  II.     (2)  Brock,  Virginia  Company,  II,  218-219. 
(3)  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  2,  p.  46. 

The  document  in  Manchester  papers  is  indorsed  "Vera  Copia"  and  bears  tlic  autograph 
signature  of  Ed:  Collingwood,  Secre. 

621.*  Examination  of  Captain  Isaac  and  Mary  Madison  and  Serjeant  John  Harris,  taken  before  Sir 
Francis  Wyatt,  Governor,  and  the  Council  of  Virginia,  and  Christopher  Davison, 
Secretary,  touching  supposed  contract  of  marriage  three  or  four  days  after  husband's 
death;  since  she  has  disavowed  said  contract  and  formed  a  new  one  with  William 
Ferrar.  PRO. 

IV.  Ref:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  II,  No.  30. 

Pub:  (1)  Brown,  First  Republic,  563-565.     (2)  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers, 
Colonial,  p.  46. 

Signed:  "Extract,"  Ed.  Sharpless,  Cler. 

JTTNI!  14 

622.  Colony  in  Virginia.  Letter  to  Virginia  Company,  concerning  a  settlement  about  the  fort, 
Martin's  llmidrid,  and  tlu-  seizing  of  Dutch  and  French  Traders  a.s  prizes.  LC. 

IV.         Ref:  MS.  Court  Book,  Virginia  Co.,  II,  348. 

Pub:  (1)  Kingsbury,  A'fc.   Virginia  Co.,  U.     (2)  Brock,  Virginia  Company,  11,  228-9. 


1623]  LIST  OF  THE  RECORDS  177 


623.*  "Notes  Taken  out  of  Trea  wch  came  from  Virginia  in  the  Abigail  and  were  del  the  Com"" 

VI.        He/:  Manchester  Papers,  Nos.  338,  339.  PRO. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  2,  pp.  41-42. 

jmrs  33 

524.*  [Sir  Nathaniel  Rich].  Draft  of  a  proposition,  delivered  to  the  Lord  Treasurer,  for  resettling 
the  estate  of  Virginia.  PRO. 

VI.  Ref:  Manchester  Papers,  No.  379. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  2,  p.  46. 

626.     James  I.     Letter  to  Virginia  Company,  to  forbear  election  of  officers.  (1)  LC.     (2)  PRO. 

I.  Ref:  (1)  MS.  Court  Book,  Virginia  Co.,  II,  329.     (2)  Manchester  Papers,  No.  380. 
Pub:  (1)  Kingsbury,  Rec.  ]'irginiaCo.,  II.     (2)  Brock,  X^irginia  Company,  11,  220-221. 

(3)  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  2,  p.  46. 

TUVE  as 
626.     A  quarter  court  held  for  Virginia.  MO. 

II.  Ref:  Ferrar  Papers. 

Pub:  Kingsbury,  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  11. 

Original  of  tlie  entry  In  the  MS.  Court  Book;  see  date. 

JXTITB  30 

627.*  Secretary  Conway.  A  letter  to  Secretary  Sir  George  Calvert,  concerning  desire  of  King  that 
the  Lords  of  the  Privy  Council  attend  promptly  to  the  business  of  the  Virginia  Company 
until  concluded.  PRO. 

VII.  Ref:  State  Papers,  Domestic,  Jamea  I,  Vol.  147,  No.  88. 
Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  47. 

[JTJI.Y  f] 

628.*  Draft  of  an  answer  or  notes  for  an  answer  to  the  proposition  made  by  Lord  Chichester  for 
the  better  settling  of  the  Plantation  in  Virginia.  PRO. 

Vl.        Ref:  Manchester  Papers,  No.  387. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  2,  p.  47. 

529.*  Captain  Baily.     I.  Project  that  the  King  should  make  a  plantation  in  Virginia  or  New  Eng- 
land by  transportation  of  poor. 
11.  Project  concerning  Virginia.  PRO. 

VI.        Ref:  State  Papers,  Domestic,  James  I,  Vol.  189,  Nos.  36,  53. 
Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  pp.  50,  56. 

JTJLY  3 

630.  Virg:inia  Company.  Answer  to  the  Privy  Council  stating  that  they  have  taken  consideration 
as  to  a  supply,  and  asking  until  Friday  to  advise.  (1)  LC.     (2)  PRO.     [NY] 

III.  Ref:  (1)  MS.  Court  Book,  Virginia  Co.,  II,  333.     (2)  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I, 

Vol.  II,  No.  34. 
Pub:  (1)   Kingsbury,  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  post,  II.     (2)  Brock,  Virginia  Cumpang,  II, 
226.     (3)  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  Slate  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  47. 

Transcript:  New  York  I'liblir  Library,  Bancmft  papers,  Vol.  II.  (os.  113-ll.i. 


178  INTRODUCTION  [1623 

531.  Lord  President  Mandeville.  A  letter  to  Secretary  Conway  stating  that  the  Virginia  Com- 
pany have  taken  measures  for  the  relief  of  misery  in  colony,  and  are  considering  rules 
for  better  government.  PRO.     [NY] 

VII.      Ref:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  II,  No.  35. 

Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  uf  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  47. 

Transcript:  New  York  Public  Library,  Bancroft  papers,  Vol.  II,  fos.  109-111. 
632.*  Delphebus  Canne.     A  letter  from  Virginia  to  John  Delbridge,  concerning  want  in  the  colony 
and  the  hope  for  a  good  harvest.  PRO.     [NY] 

VI.  Ref:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  II,  No.  36. 

Pub:  Calendar:  (1)  Virginia  Mag.  of  Hi»t.,  373-374.     (2)  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State 
Papers,  Colonial,  p.  48. 

Transcript:  New  York  Public  Library,  Bancroft  papers,  Vol.  II,  fos,  117-123. 
533.*  Privy  Council.     Rules  set  down  for  the  better  government  in  Virginia.  PRO. 

I.  Ref:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  II,  No.  35. 

Pub:  (1)  Brown,  First  Republic,  543.     (2)  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colo- 
nial, p.  48. 

JVLY  3 

534.*  Secretary  Conway.  A  letter  to  Lord  Treasurer  Middlesex,  concerning  the  refusal  of  the 
Virginia  Company  to  comply  with  the  King's  request;  to  be  referred  to  the  Attorney- 
General.  PRO. 

VII.  Ref:  State  Papers,  Domestic,  James  I,  Vol.  148,  No.  19. 
Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  48. 

JTJLT  4 

535.*  Privy  Council.     Order  on  a  representation  of  Lord  Cavendish  and  others  of  the  Virginia 

Company,    concerning  relief  to  Virginia  planters  in  danger  of  famine  by  a  general 

contribution  of  the  whole  company.  (1)  PRO.     (2)  PC.     [NY] 

I.  Ref:  (1)  Colonial  Entry  Book,  Vol.  79,  p.  207.     (2)   Privy  Council  Register,  James  I, 

Vol.  VI,  p.  55. 

Pub:    (1)   Brown,    First   Republic,    539.      (2)    Sainsbury,    Calendar  of  Stale  Papers, 

Colonial,  p.  49. 

Transcript,  New  York  Public  Library,  Bancroft  Papers,  Vol.  II,  fos.  129-131. 

JTJXY  [4] 

536.*  List  of  names  of  those  who  will  adventure,  and  amounts  subscribed  for  victuals  and  provisions 
to  be  sent  to  relief  of  colony  and  to  particular  friends.  PRO.     [NY''] 

III.       Ref:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  II,  No.  38. 

Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  49. 

Transcript,  New  York  Public  Library,  Bancroft  Papers,  Vol.  II,  fos.  136-149. 
jtriiY  4 

537.*  Privy  Council.  Order  to  restore  Samuel  Wrot  to  his  place  of  counsellor  for  Virginia  and  to 
have  session  and  free  vote  in  courts,  notwithstanding  deprivation  from  counsell  and 
suspension  from  courts.  PC. 

I.  lief:  Privy  Council  Rejiister,  James  I,  Vol.  VI,  p.  57. 

538.*  List  of  names  who  will  adventure  and  amounts  to  be  paid  to  Richard  Caswell,  chosen  treasurer 
for  the  present  magazine,  for  necessary  provisions  for  Virginia.     Total,  £727. 
III.       Ref:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  .Tames  I,  Vol.  II,  No.  39.  PRO.     [NY] 

Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  49. 

Transcript,  New  York  Public  Library.  Bancroft  Papers,  Vol.  II,  fos.  125-127. 


1623]  Lim'  OF  THE  RECORDS  179 

539.     "At  a  Court   held  for  Virginia  on  Friday  in  y'^  Forenoone  y"  4th  of  July,  1623."  MC. 

II.         Ref:  Ferrar  Papers. 

Pub:  Kingsbury,  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  II. 

Original  of  the  entry  In  the  MS.  Court  Book,  see  date. 


540.     Lord  President  Mandeville.     A  letter  to  Secretary  Conway,  concerning  the  mea-sures  taken 
by  the  Virginia  Company  for  the  relief  of  the  colony.  PRO.     [NY] 

VII.      Rcf:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  II,  No.  40. 

Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  tStaie  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  49. 

Transcript,  New  Yorli  Public  Library,  Bancroft  Papers,  Vol.  II,  fos.  13S-137. 


541.     Virgrinia  Court.     "  M'  Deputy  acquaynted  y''  Comp'  that  according  to  y"  direccon  of  >■'  Last 
Court  he  presented  to  y'  LL",  of  his  Ma"  privy  Counsell  a  short  Declaracon  that  was 
then  ordered  to  be  drawne  vp,  wherein  (among  other  things)  was  signifyed  of  y'  Com- 
panies intent  to  send  a  speedy  supply  to  Virginia."  JIG. 
II.         Ref:  Ferrar  Papers. 

Pub:  Kingsbury,  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  post,  II. 

Original  of  the  entry  in  the  MS.  Court  Book,  see  date. 


542.     [N.  Rich.  ]     Rough  draft  of  heads  of  charges  against  governors  of  Virginia  Company  presented 
to  the  commissioners.  PRO. 

VI.        Ref:  Manchester  Papers,  No.  386. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eiglith  Report,  pt.  2,  p.  47. 


643.*  Becord  of  a  meeting  of  the  grand  committee  to  answer  to  the  1.5  articles  prepared  against  the 
company  at  a  meeting  of  the  commissioners.  MC. 

III.  Ref:  Ferrar  Papers. 

JTTLT  17,  23 

544.*  Governor  Wyatt.     Commission  to  Capt.  Pierce  to  burn  y'  Indians'  Corn;  with  a  minute  of 
the  other  commissions  of  that  sort  and  the  time  when  they  fell  upon  the  Indians. 

IV.  Ref:  MS.  Rec,  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  41.  LC. 


545.*  Privy  Council.     Order  giving  allowance  of  pay  to  officers  attending  on  the  commissioners  to 
examine  the  Virginia  business.  PC. 

I.  Ref:  (1)  Colonial  Entry  Book,  Vol.  79,  p.  207.     (2)  Privy  Council  Register,  James  I, 

Vol.  VI,  p.  72. 
Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  50. 


646.*  [Secretary  Conway.]     A  letter  to  Sir  Thomas  Sraythe  et  al.,  asking  their  opinion  on  Captain 
Baily's  proposition.  PRO. 

VI.        Ref:  State  Papers,  Domestic,  James  I,  Vol.  149,  No.  16. 
Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  50. 


180  IXTRODVCTION  [1623 

JTJLY  sa 

647.*  Privy  Council.     Order  appointing  Lords  Grandison,  Carew,  and  Chichester  to  take  notes 

hereto  adjoined  into  consideration,  and  to  frame  therefrom  such  orders  as  are  most  fit 

for  regulating  the  government  of  Virginia.  (1)  PRO.     (2)  PC.     [NY] 

I.  Ref:  (1)  Colonial  Entry  Book,  Vol.  79,  p.  194.     (2)  Privy  Council  Register,  James  I, 

Vol.  VI,  p.  76. 

Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  50. 

Transcript,  New  York  Public  Library,  Bancroft  Papers,  Vol.  II.  fo.  141. 
JUIjY  23 

548.*  An  account  of  sums  subscribed  and  supplies  sent  since  April  last  for  the  relief  of  Virginia, 
with  the  names  of  vessels.     £.3,.300.  PRO.     [NY] 

III.       Ref:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  II,  No.  42. 

Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  50. 

Transcript,  New  York  Public  Library.  Bancroft  Papers,  Vol.  II,  fos.  lo7-161. 
JTTLY  26 

!j49.  John  Chamberlain.  A  letter  to  Sir  Dudley  Carleton,  concerning  the  strife  between  the 
factions  of  the  Earl  of  Warwick  and  of  Lord  Cavendish.  PRO. 

VII.      Mef:  State  Papers,  Domestic,  James  I,  Vol.  149,  No.  48. 

Pub:  (1)  J.eFToy,  Memorinls  of  the  BiTuuidas,!,  322-323.     (2)  Sainsbury,  Cn/enrfar  o/ 
State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  51. 

JXTLT  28 

550.*  Lord  President  Mandeville.  A  letter  to  Secretary  Conway,  stating  that  the  Attorney- 
Cieneral  is  to  pass  upon  the  power  of  the  King  to  issue  another  patent  to  the  Virginia 
Company.  PRO. 

VII.      Ref:  State  Papers,  Domestic,  James  I,  Vol.  149,  No.  76. 
Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  51. 

jxruY  31 

551.*  Attorney-General  Coventry  and  Solicitor-General  Heath.     A  letter  to  the  King,  giving 
an  opinion  concerning  the  resuming  of  the  patent  of  the  Virginia  Company. 
1.  Ref:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  II,  No.  43.  PRO.     [NY] 

Pub:  (1)  Brown,  First  Republic,  547-548.     (2)  Sainsbury,   Calendar  of  State  Papers, 
Colonial,  p.  51. 

Transcript,  New  York  Public  Library,  Bancroft  Papers,  Vol.  II,  fos.  Ityj-l/l. 
552.*  Note  of  victuals  and  provision  sent  by  private  persons  to  Virginia   in  the  "George,"  which  is 
to  go  to  Gravesend  on  Monday  ne.\t.     [Total,  £536.]  PRO.     [NY] 

III.       Ref:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  II,  No.  43.     I,  II. 
Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  51. 

Transcript,  New  York  Public  Library,  Bancroft  Papers,  Vol.  II,  fos.  163-155.     [Gives  date 
July  23.] 

AUGtrST 

553.*  Protection  to  Captain  John  Bargrave.  PRO. 

I.  Ref:  Docquet  Book.     Signet  Office. 

ATJGUST  6 

554.*  Virginia  Company.  Letter  to  the  governor  and  council  in  Virginia,  concerning  the  letter 
of  Lords  Council  in  regard  to  a  change  in  government.  LC. 

III.       Ref:  (1)  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  pp.  28-30.     (2)  Instructions,  Commissions, 
and  Letters,  1606-1683,  pp.  113-124. 


I 


1623]  LIST  OF  THE  RECORDS  181 


AUGUST  12 


555.     liOrd  Chichester.     A  letter  to  the  Countess  of  Warwick  touching  the  projected  duel  between 
tlie  Earl  of  Warwick  and  Lord  Cavendish.  PRO. 

VII.      Ref:  Manchester  Papers,  No.  160. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MfSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Kqiorl,  pt.  2,  p.  29. 


AUGUST  31 

556.*  Governor  in  Virginia.     Proclamation  settling  the  rates  of  commodities.  LC. 

IV.        Uef:  MS.  Kec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  48». 
557.*  Proclamation  about  the  payment  of  debts.  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  49. 

BETWEEN  BEPTEMBEK  AND  OOTOBEK 

558.*  Stephen  Ging'by  and  others.     Petition  to  governor  of  Virginia  by  Stephen  Gingby  and  the 

rest  of  the  company  belonging  to  the  "Everett"  of  Midleburough.  LC. 

IV.        Rff:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  60. 

559.*  William  Crakeplace.     Petition  to  the  governor  in  Virginia,  demanding  that  the  contract 

with  Mr.  I>angley  be  fulfilled  by  Mr.  Douglas,  his  successor  as  ma^'ter  of  the  "  Margaret 

and  John."  LC. 

IV.        ReJ:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  59». 

SEPTESCBEB  4,    8 

560.*  John  Penreis.     Petition  to  governor  and  council  in  Virginia  in  regard  to  rights  of  trading. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  59".  LC. 

SEFTEBIBER  4 

561.*  Governor  in  Virginia.     Proclamation  about  trading  with  Indians  for  corn  in  the  bay.       LC. 
IV.        ReJ:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  49. 

SEPTEMBER  16 

568.*  Invoice  of  goods  sent  to  Virginia  by  John  Harrison  in  "Marmaduke,"  John  Dennis,  master, 
for  use  of  George  Harrison.  PRO. 

VI.        ReJ:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  \o\.  II,  No.  44. 

Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  Stale  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  52. 

SEPTEMBER  21 

563.*  Governor  in  Virginia.     Proclamation  about  stealing  of  birds  and  beasts  of  domestical  and 
tame  nature.  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  49. 

1623/4 

OCTOBER  TO  FEBRUARY 

564.*  Michael  Wilcocks.     Petition  to  Governor  Wyatt,  demanding  that  at  the  end  of  his  year's 
service  William  Candy  pay  him  180  pounds  of  tobacco  and  build  a  house,  as  agreed. 
IV.        iif/.-  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  60a.  LC. 

BET'WEEN  OCTOBER  AND  FEBRUART 

565.*  Carsten  Berksam.     Petition  to  governor  and  council,  requesting  to  be  sent  home  because  of 
the  death  of  his  father.  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  HI,  pt.  ii,  p.  60. 


182  IXTRODUCriON  [1623 

1623 

OCTOBEB 

566.*  Thomas  Pasmore.  Petition  to  governor  of  Virginia,  concerning  payment  by  Valentine  Osserly 
of  money  due.  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  60. 
567.*  Governor  in  Virginia.     Warrant  for  the  levy  of  taxes.  LC. 

IV.        Bef:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  52,  52a. 

568.*  .     Order  reducing  the  fine  for  nonpayment  of  a  tax  of  66  pounds  of  sassafras  on  each 

man  from  10  pounds  on  each  100  pounds  of  sassafras  to  4  pounds  of  tobacco.  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  pt.  ii,  pp.  52-52'. 

OCTOBER  3 

569.  Lord  President  Mandeville.  A  letter  to  [Secretary  Conway],  dispatching  a  messenger  after 
the  deputy  of  Virginia  Company,  as  none  of  the  company  will  take  anything  upon 
themselves  in  the  absence  of  the  governor.  PRO. 

VII.      Ref:  State  Papers,  Domestic,  James  I,  Vol.  153,  No.  14. 
Puh:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  52. 

OCTOBER  8 

670.*  Privy  Council.  A  letter  to  the  governor  and  council  in  Virginia,  announcing  the  intention 
of  the  King  to  change  the  government  of  the  Colony.     Their  Lorp'.  first  Order. 

(l)-(3)  LC  (4)  PRO  [NY] 
I.  Ref:  (1)  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  i,  p.  2'.     (2)  MS.  Court  Book,  Virginia  Co., 

il,  338-339.  (3)  Instructions,  Commissions  and  Letters,  1606-1683  (Vellum  Book), 
pp.  63-64.  [18th  century  copy.]  (4)  State  Papers,  Colonial,  II,  No.  45;  Colonial 
Entry  Book,  Vol.  79,  pp.  195-196. 
Pub:  (1)  Kingsbury,  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  post,  II.  (2)  Brock,  ]'irghiia  Company,  II, 
229-230.  (3)  Brown,  First  Republic,  550-551.  (4)  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State 
Papers,  Colonial,  p.  52. 

Transcript,  New  York  Public  Library,  Bancroft  Papers,  Vol.  II,  tos.  177-181. 
571.*  .     Order  for  S'  William  Jones  et  al.,  the  commissioners,  to  examine  into  the  state  of  Vir- 
ginia and  the  Summer  Islands,  to  continue  inquiry  and  report  to  the  board  at  convenient 
time.  (1)  PRO.     (2)  PC.     [NY] 

I.  Ref:  (1)  Colonial  Entry  Book,  Vol.  79,  p.  195.     (2)  Privy  Council  Register,  James  I 

Vol.  VI,  p.  123. 
Pub:  (1)  Brown,  First  Republic,  550-552.     (2)  Le  Froy,  Memorials  of  the  Bermudas, 
I,  323-324.     (3)  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  Slate  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  52. 
Transcript,  New  York  Public  Library,  Bancroft  Papers,  Vol.  II,  fo.  173. 
OCTOBER  11 

572.*  George  Jemison  and  Mr.  Undergod.  "To  the  right  Wor"  S'  Francis  Wyatt  Knight 
Gouernor  and  Captaine  Generall  of  Virginia.  The  humble  Petion  of  George  Jemison" 
and  M'.  Undergod  of  the  ship  "  Everett."  LC 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  60. 

OCTOBER  16 

573.*  Privy  Council.     Order  dispensing  with  attendance  of  Justice  Sir  William  Jones  because  of  his 

other  employments;  also  ordering  commission  to  appoint  certain  days  for  meeting  so  as 

to  be  expeditious.  (1)  PC.     (2)  PRO. 

I.  Ref:  (!)  Privy  Council  Register,  James  I,  Vol.  VI,  p.  125.     (2)  Colonial  Entry  Book, 

Vol.  79,  p.  196. 

Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  Stale  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  52. 


1623]  LIST  OF  TEE  RECORDS  183 

674.     Virginia  Company.     Answer  to  an  order  of  the  Privy  Council  of  October  8,  1623,  begging 

respite  until  November  9.  (1)  PRO.     (2)  LC.     [NY] 

III.       Re/:  (1)  MS.  Court  Book,  Virginia  Co.,  II,  .340.     (2)  State  Papers,  Colonial,  Jamea 

I,  Vol.  II,  No.  46. 

Pub:  (1)  Kingsbury,  Rer.  Virginia  Co.,  II.     (2)   Brock,  Virginia  Ormpany,  II,  231-2. 

(3')  .Sainwbury,  Calendar  of  Stale  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  .52. 

Transcript,  New  York  Public  Library,  Buncroft  Papers,  Vol.  11,  los.  18.S-187.     [Date  given 
Nov.  19.] 

OCTOBER  17 

575.     Lord  President  Mandeville.     A  letter  to  Secretary  Conway,  concerning  an  alteration  in  the 
frame  of  government.  PRO. 

VII.      Ref:  State  Papers,  Domestic,  James  I,  Vol.  153,  No.  67. 
Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  Stale  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  53. 
676.     Privy  Council.     An  order  to  the  Virginia  Company.     Second  order  in  council.     Copy. 

(l)-(3)  LC.     (4)  PRO  [NY] 
I.  Ref:  (1)   MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  i,  p.  34.     (2)  MS.  Court  Book,  Virginia  Co., 

II,  341-342.      (3)  Instructions,  Commissions,  and  Letters,  1606-1683  (Vellum 
Book),  p.  65.     (4)  Colonial  Entry  Book,  Vol.  79,  pp.  197-198. 
Pub:  (1)   Kingsbury,  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  pout,  II.     (2)  Brock,  Virginia   Company,  II, 
238.     (3)  Calendar:    Virginia  Mag.  of  inst.\l,-i?,2.     (i)  S&vashnry ,  Calendar 
of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  pp.  52-53. 
Transcript,  New  York  Public  Library,  Bancroft  Papers,  Vol.  II,  fos.  189-191. 
OCTOBER  20 

J77.     Virginia  Company.     Answer  to  an  order  of  the  Privy  Council  of  October  17,  1623. 

(1)  LC.     (2)  PRO.     [NY] 
III.       Ref  (1)  MS.  Court  Book,  Virginia  Co.,  II,  342.     (2)  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I, 
Vol.  II,  No.  47. 
Pub:  (1)   Kingsbury,  ifec.  Virginia  Co. , post,  11.     (2)  Brock,  Virginia  Company,  11,  234. 
(3)  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  53. 

Transcript,  New  Y'ork  Public  Library,  Bancroft  Papers,  Vol.  II,  fo.  201.     [Ends  with  "were  of 
a  contrary  opinion,"] 

OCTOBER  ao,  24 

578.*  Privy  Council.     Privy  Council  to  the  Virginia  Company,  urging  the  speedy  sending  of  the 
ship  to  Virginia  and  that  the  orders  should  be  published  in  Virginia. 

(1),  (2)  &  (4)  LC.    (3)  PRO.     (5)  PC.    (6)  MC.    [NY] 
L  Ref:  (1)  MS.  Records  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.i,  p.  3a.     (2)  MS.  Court  Book,  Virginia  Co., 

II,  343.     (3)  Colonial  Kntry  Book,  Vol.  79,  pp.  199-200.     (4)  Instructions,  Commis- 
sions and  Letters,  1606-1683  (vellum  book),  pp.  66-67.     (5)  Privy  Council  Register, 
James  I,  Vol.  VI,  p.  131.     (6)  Ferrar  Papers. 
Pidi:  (1)  Kingsbury,  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  post,  11.     (2)  Brock,   Virginia  Company,  II, 
234-235.     (3)  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  53. 

Transcript,  New  York  Public  Library,  Bancroft  Papers,  Vol.  II,  fos.  193-195.     [Oct.  20.] 
OCTOBER  ao 

79.*  Schedule  of  names  of  those  present  at  an  extraordinary  court  of  the  Virginia  Company  by 
appointment  of  Lords,  touching  the  surrender  of  the  charters,  distinguishing  those  who 
were  for  from  those  against.  PRO. 

III.       Ref:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  II,  No.  48. 

Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  Stale  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  53. 

Transcript,  New  York  Public  Library,  Bancroft  Papers,  Vol.  11,  fos.  197-199. 


184  INTRODUCTION  [1623 

580.*  Governor  in  Virginia.     "A  Warrant  to  Capt.  Madison  to  bring  40  souldiers  for  y*  March." 

IV.       He/:  MS.  Records  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  pp.  52,  52a.  LC. 

OOTOBEB  2S 

581.*  Robert  Byng'.     A  letter  to  Nichola.s  Ferrar,  concerning  the  appointment  to  a  position. 

VI.        Eef:  Ferrar  Papers.  MC.     [LC] 

Photographic  reproduction  ami  transcript  in  the  Library  of  Congress. 
OCTOBER  24 

582.*  Privy  Council.  Order  to  John  Harvey  to  investigate  the  conditions  of  Virginia — plantations, 
fortifications,  provisions,  boats,  public  works,  and  relations  with  the  Indians.  PC. 

I.  Ref:  Privy  Council  Register,  James  I,  Vol.  VI,  p.  137. 

Transcript,  New  York  Public  Library,  Bancroft  Papers,  Vol.  II,  fos.  205-207. 
583.*  Privy  Council.     A  letter  to  the  Governor  and  Council  in  Virginia,  instructing  Council  to  assist 
Commissioners  appointed  to  investigate  the  Colony.  (1)  LC.     (4)  PRO     [NY] 

I.  Ref:  (1)  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  i,  p.  2.     (2)  Colonial  Entry  Book,  Vol.  79, 

p.  200.    (3)  Instructions,  comissions,  and  letters,  1606-1683  (vellum  book),  p.  62. 
[18th  century  copy.]     (4)  Colonial  Entry  Book,  Vol.  79,  p.  200. 
Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  54. 

Transcript,  New  York  Public  Library,  Bancroft  Papers,  II,  fo.  209. 
NOVEMBER 

584.*  Sir  Thomas  Smythe  and  others.  A  letter  to  Secretary  Conway,  concerning  Captain  Baily's 
project.  PRO.     [NY] 

III.  Ref:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  II,  No.  51. 
Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  54. 

Transcript,  New  York  Public  Library,  Bancroft  Papers,  II,  fos.  221-223. 
1623,  NOVEMBER  4  TO  1624,  MAT  24 

585.*  Q,uo  Warranto  and  Proceedings,  by  which  the  Virginia  Company  was  dissolved. 

(1)  PRO.     (2)  MC.     [LC] 
I.  Ref:  (1)  Coram  Rege  Roll,  James  I,  21  year,  Michaelmas  Term.     Roll  No.  1528,  mem- 

branes, 39-63.     (2)  Ferrar  Papers  (writ  only). 

Photographic  reproduction  in  the  Library  of  Congress. 

1623 

NOVEMBER  7 

586.*  Commissioners  for  Virginia.  Warrant  concerning  sundry  petitions  referred  to  them  for 
examination.  They  require  a  trunk  of  writings  locked  up  under  custody  of  clerks  of 
Privy  Council  to  be  delivered  to  the  bearer.  PRO. 

I.  Ref:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  II,  No.  49. 

Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  54. 

NOVEMBER  18 

587.*  Governor  in  Virg-inia.     A  Commission  to  the  Council  of  State  in  the  Governor's  absence. 

IV.  Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  41.  LC. 

NOVEMBER  19 

588.     Note  of  shipping,  men,  and  provisions  sent  and  provided  for  Virginia  by  the  Right  Honorable 
Earl  of  Southampton  and  the  Company  since  May,  1623,  to  this  19th  November,  1623. 
III.        Ref:  MS.  Court  Book,  Virginia  Co.,  II.  LC. 

Pub:  (1)  Kingsbury,  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  post,  II.     (2)   Brock,  Virginia  Company,  II, 
p.  245. 


1623]  LIHT  OF  THE  REVORDti  185 

NOVEMBER  20 

589.*  Governor  in  Virginia.  Order  to  Captain  Mafkliflon  and  other  officers  to  collect  saasafraa  and 
tobacco.  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  pp.  52,  52a. 
590.*  .     Warrant  to  Captain  Pierse  to  levy  300  lbs.  of  toVjacco  for  tiie  fort  at  Wariscoyack. 

IV.        Rrf:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  52.  LC. 

591.*  .     Order  to  Captain  Pierse  to  levy  the  tax  of  October,  1623.  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Kee.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  pp.  52,  52a. 
592.*  .     A  warrant  for  Mr.  Benet  for  his  meaner.  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pp.  .53,  53a. 

NOVEMBER  31 

593.*  Privy  Council.  Order  for  delivering  the  Virginia  Company's  books  and  writings  to  the  Vir- 
ginia Company,  against  whom  a  quo  vmrranto  has  been  issued,  and  for  keeping  inventory 
of  the  same.  PC.     [NA'] 

I.  Ref:  Colonial  Entry  Book,  Vol.  79,  p.  208. 

Pnh:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  Stale  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  54. 

Transcript,  New  York  Public  Library,  Bancroft  Papers,  II,  fos.  22.V227. 
594.*  Virginia  and  Somers  Islands  Companies.      Petition   to  the   King,   that  a  commiasion 
grantetl  on  request  of  Alderman  Johnson  et  al.  proceed;  that  books  sequestered  14  days 
be  restored,  and  that  they  be  preserved  in  rights.  (1)  PRO.     (2)  KP.     [NY] 

III.  Ref:  (1)  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  II,  No.  50.     (2)  De  La  Warr's  collec- 

tion of  MSS. 
Pub:  (1)  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  54.     (2)  Hist.  MSS.  Com., 
Fourth  Report,  p.  283. 

Transcript,  New  York  Public  Library,  Bancroft  Papers,  II,  fos.  ■J4.')-'247. 
595.*  Governor  in  Virginia.     "  A  warrant  graunted  to  Mr.  Bolton  for  his  meanes."  LC. 

IV.  Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  fo.  53. 

NOVEMBER  2S 

596.*  Sir  Edwin  Sandys.  A  letter  to  John  Ferrar,  concerning  perBonal  debts,  assuring  him  that 
no  one  will  lose  by  him.  MC.     [LC] 

VI.        Ref:  Ferrar  Papers. 

NOVEMBER  87 

597.*  Governor  in  Virginia.  A  warrant  to  Captain  William  Tucker  to  collect  10  pounds  of  tobacco 
for  each  1,000  plants  at  I'lizabeth  City.  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  53. 

DECEMBER  6 

598.*  Council  in  Virginia.  Order  for  preparation  of  list  of  all  who  perished  in  massacre,  as  per 
order  of  the  company.  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  fo.  53. 

DECEMBER  8 

699.*     Privy  Council.     Order  touching  the  costs  of  a  quo  warranto  affecting  the  charter  of  the 

Virginia  Company.  (1)  PC.     (2)  &  (3)  PRO.     [NY] 

I.  Ref:  (1)  Privy  Council  Register,  James  I,  Vol.  VI,  p.  188.     (2)  Colonial  Entry  Book, 

Vol.  79,  p.  209.     (3)  Manchester  Papers,  No.  394. 

Piib:  (1)  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  55.     (2)  Calendar:  Hist. 

MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  2,  p.  47. 

Transcript,  New  Y'ork  Public  Library,  Bancroft  Papers,  II.  fo.  229. 


186  INTRODUCTION  [1623 

600.     Privy  Council.     Order  of  December  8,  1623.  (1)  LC.     (2)  PC. 

I.  f!rf:  (1)  Court  Book,  Virginia  Co.,  II,  361.     (2)  Colonial  Entry  Book,  Vol.  79,  p.  209. 

Pub:  (1)  Kingsbury,  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  II.     (2)  Brock,  ]'irginia  Compan;/,  II,  249-250. 
(3)  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  Slate  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  55. 

601.*  Order  directing  the  attorney-general  to  report  on  a  petition  of  Nicholas  Ferrar,  deputy 

of  Virginia  Company,  who  affirms  that  commission  for  examining  Virginia  Company 

and  Summer  Ishin<l.'i  Company  had  not  set  course  for  paying  debts  of  the  companies, 

which  was  referred  unto  them  by  board.  (1)  PC.     (2)  &  (3)  PRO. 

I.  Ref:  (1)  Privy  Council  Register,  James  I,  Vol.  VI,  p.  188.     (2)  Colonial  Entry  Book, 

Vol.  79,  pp.  209-210.     (3)  Manchester  Papers,  No.  393. 

Pub:  (1)  Sainsbury,   Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  55.     (2)  Calendar:  Hist. 

MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  2,  p.  47. 

602.*  Order  directing  the  attorney-general  to  report  upon  a  complaint  of  William  Cannyn 

[Canning]  vs.  Thomas  Keightly  for  arresting  him  on  action  of  £500. 

(1)  PC.     (2)  PRO.     [NY] 
I.  Rcf:  (1)  Privy  Council  Register,  James  I,  Vol.  VI,  p.  187.     (2)  Colonial  Entry  Book, 

Vol.  79,  p.  209. 
Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  55. 

Transcript,  New  York  Public  Library,  Bancroft  Papers,  II,  fos.  233-235. 

603.*  Council  in  Virginia.     Order  concerning  every  20""  man  to  work  on  the  fort  of  Wariscoyack. 

IV.        Ref:  US.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  53.  LC. 

604.*  Mr.  Captain  Bargrave.     "Mr.  Captain  Bargrave's  Proiect  touching  Virginea."     A  copy  of  a 

letter  to  the  Lord  Treasurer.  (1)  BM.     (2)  PRO. 

VI.        Ref:  (1)  Additional  MSS.,  12496,  fo.  454.     {Caesar  Papers.)     (2)  Manchester  papers. 

No.  402. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  2,  pp.  47-18. 

DECEMBER   11   (P) 

605.     Council  in  Virginia.     Action  concerning  release  of  a  bond  of  George  Yeardley  to  Mr.  South- 
ern; concerning  goods  sent  home  on  the  "Temperance."  LC. 
IV.        Ref:  MS.  Court  Book  of  the  Colony. 

DECEKBEB  19 

606.*  Privy  Council.     A  letter  to  the  governor  and  council  in  Virginia  concerning  Captain  Martin. 

(1)  LC.     (2)  PRO.     (3)  PC.     [NY] 
I.  Ref:  (1)  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  70".     (2)  Colonial  Entry  Book,  Vol.  79, 

p.  210.     {3")   Privy  Council  Register,  James  I,  Vol.  VI,  p.  199. 
Pub:  (1)  Va.  Mag.  of  Hi.st.,  Vll,  pp.  272-273.     (2)  Sa.mahniy,  Calendar  of  Stale  Papers, 
Colonial,  p.  55. 

Transcript,  New  York  Public  Librarj',  Bancroft  Papers,  II,  fos.  237-239. 

DECEMBER  26 

607.*  Governor  in  Virginia.     Letter  to  "Capt.  Wm.  Tucker"  concerning  his  expedition.  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  fo.  53. 

DECEMBER  30 

608.     Privy  Council.     A  letter  to  the  deputy  governor  of  the  Virginia  Company  to  bring  to  them 
unopened  all  letters  arrived  in  a  ship  lately  from  Virginia. 

(1)  LC.     (2)  MC.     (3)  PC.     (4)  PRO.     [NY] 

L  Ref:  W  Court  Book,  Virginia  Co.,  II,  358.     (2)  Ferrar  Papers.     (3)  Privy  Council 

Register,  James  I,  Vol.  VI,  p.  215.     (4)  Colonial  Entry  Book,  Vol.  79,  p.  210. 

Pub:  (1)  Kingsbury,  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  II.     (2)  Brook,  Virginia  Covnpany,  II,  246. 

(3)  Va.  Mag.  of  Hist.,  X,  132-134.     (4)  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  Slate  Papers,  Colonial, 

p.  55. 

Transcript,  New  York  Public  Library,  Bancroft  Papers,  II,  fo.  241. 


i 


1623-1623/4]  LIST  OF  THE  RECORDS  187 

DEOEMBBB  31-JANT7AKY  9 

609.*  Council  in  Virgfinia.     Proclamation  concerning  Tucker's  collection  of  tax  on  tobacco.       LC. 
IV.        Kef:  MS.  Kec.  Virginia  Co.,  London,  III,  pt.  ii,  fo.  53. 

1623/4 

JAinjAKY  7 

610.  Council  in  Virginia.     Controversy  between  Thomas  Sufram  and  Clarke  and  the  successors 

of  Capt.  William  Perse  and  Capt.  William  Power  concerning  an  agreement  for  wages 
of  a  voyage  in  "Furtherance."  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Court  Book  of  the  Colony. 

611.  Brief  motives  to  maintain  King's  right  to  River  Amazon  and  coast  of  Guiana.     Note  added  in 

another  liand  to  point  out  prejudice  to  the  plantations  should  King  make  agreement 
with  Virginia  and  Bermudas  companies  for  tobacco  from  those  places  only. 
VII. 

612.  Council  in  Virginia.     Controversy  between  George  Mynitie  for  Thomas  Hamor  and  Thomas 

Gibbs  concerning  a  bargain  between  them.  LC. 

IV.        ReJ:  MS.  Court  Book  of  the  Colony. 

JANUABT  8 

613.  Attorney-General  Coventry.     A  letter  to  the  Privy  Council  concerning  the  case  between 

William  Canning  and  Thomas  Kightley.  PRO. 

I.  Ref:  State  Papers,  Domestic,  James  I,  Vol.  158,  No.  12. 

Pah:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  Utate  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  56. 

JANUAUT  9 

614.  Council  in  Virginia.     I.  Controversy  between  Daniel  Gookin,  through  Richard  Kensan, 

master  of  ship  "  Mary,"  and  Robert  Roberts  of  Bristo,  for  delivery  of  commodities. 
II.  Controversy  between  .John  Chew  and  William  Douglas  for  goods  used  on  the 
"Margaret."  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Court  Book  of  the  Colony. 

615.  .     Controversy  between  Weston  and  James  Carter  concerning  the  transportation  of  goods. 

IV.       Ref:  MS.  Court  Book  of  the  Colony.  LC. 

JANtTAST  14 

616.  Adventurers  and  Planters  in  Virginia  and  others.     Petition  to  the  Privy  Council  that 

those  who  ojjpose  the  surrender  of  the  charter  shall  bear  the  expense  of  the  suit.      LC. 
IV.        Ref:  MS.  Court  Book,  Virginia  Co.,  II,  362. 

Pah:  (1)  Kingsbury,  iJfc.  Virginia  Co. ,11.     (2)  Brock,  riVj/iHia  Compaiiy,  H,  250-251. 

JAinXARY  19 

617.*  Governor  in  Virginia.     A  Comiasion  to  Captain  Hamor  given  aboard  the  "  Willm  and 
John  "  for  trading.  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  41. 

JANUARY   33 

618.*  Governor  in  Virginia.     A  commission  to  S'  George  Yeardley  for  punishing  of  swearing  and 
drunkenness.  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  40. 


188  IJfTRODVCTION  [1623/4 

619.*  Governor  in  Virginia.     Warrants  for  holding  elections  and  summoning  the  general  assembly. 
IV.        Hef:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  fo.  53.  LC- 

JANUABY   30 

620.*  Council  in  Virginia.     A  letter  to  the  Virginia  Company  of  London,  describing  revenge  on 

Indians.  (1)  LC.     (2)  PRO.     [NY] 

IV.        Re/:  (1)  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,   Ill,  pt.  i,  pp.  7-8.     (2)  State  Papers,  Domestic, 

James  I,  Vol.  156,  No.  1. 

Pub:  (1)  Calendar:   Virgiyiia,  Mag.  of  Hist.,  VI,   374-377.     (2)    Sainsbury,   Calendar 

of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  pp.  56-57. 

Transcript:  New  York  Public  Library,  Bancroft  Papers.  II,  fos.  249-269. 
FEBRUARY 

621.*  General  Assembly  in  Virginia.     The  Answer  to  Capt.  Butler's  vnmasking  of  Virginia,  by 
the  General  Assembly  February,  1623.     Directed  to  the  King's  most  Sacred  Ma"'.       LC. 
IV.        Re/:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  i,  pp.  9-11. 
Pub:  Neill,  Virginia  Company  o/  London,  406-407. 
622.*  Robert  Poole.     Petition  "To  the  Right  Wor:tt  S'  Francis  Wyatt  Knight,"  asking  for  payments 
due.  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  fo.  60. 

FEBRUARY  « 

623.     Virginia  Council.     Letter  to  governor  and  council  in  Virginia,  concerning  the  complaints  of 
Capt.  John  Martin.  LC. 

III.  Re/:  (1)  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  71.     (2)  MS.  Court  Book  Virginia  Co., 

II,  366. 
Pub:  Kingsbury,  Records  Virginia  Co.,  Vol.  II. 

PBBBTJAEY  4,   13 

624.*  John  Barnett.     Petition  "To  the  right  Worlt:  S'  Francis  Wyatt  Knight  Gouernor,"  for  sums 
due  from  the  agent  of  Mr.  Gookin.  LC. 

IV.  Re/:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  60a. 

BET'WrEEN  FEBRUARY  AND  OCTOBER 

626.*  William  Paney.     Petition  "To  the  right  Worlt  S'  Francis  Wyatt  Knight"  for  a  claim  from 
Captain  Nuce.  LC. 

IV.        Re/:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  60a. 

FEBRUARY  16 

626.  [DavisonP].     A  letter  to  [J.  Ferrar?]  giving  a  list  of  names  of  the  living  and  dead  in  Virginia. 

IV.        Re/:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  Ill,  No.  2.  PRO.     [NY] 

J'ub:  (1)  Wynne  and  Gilman,  Colonial  Records  0/ Virginia,  37-60;  61-66.     (2)  Sains- 
bury,  Calendar  0/  State  Papers,  Colonial  p.  57. 

Transcript,  New  York  Public  Library,  Bancroft  Papers,  II,  pp.  277-327.    Secretary  Davison 
died  before  this  date. 

FEBRUARY  16  (?) 

627.  List  of  13  letters  and  papers,  including  one  book  received  from  and  sent  to  Virginia. 

VI.        Ref:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  Jatnra  1,  Vol.  Ill,  No.  3.  PRO.     [NY] 

Pnb:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  o/  Slate  Pujier.'!,  Colonial,  p.  57. 

Transcript:  New  York  Public  Library,  Buucroft  Papers,  II,  pp.  273-275. 


1623/4]  LIST  OF  THE  RECORDS  189 

FEBRUABT  20 

628.*  General  Assembly  in  Virginia.     "The  answere  of  the  general!  Assembly  in  Virginia  to  a 

Declaratione  of  the  State  of  the  Colonie  in  the  12  years  of  S'  Thoma.s  Smith's  Goverment 

exhibited  by  Alderman  Johnaone  and  others."  (1)  LC.     (2)  PRO.         [NY] 

IV.        Ref:  (1)  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  i;  p.  4*.     (2)  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I, 

Vol.  11,  No.  20. 

Pab :  (1)  Neill,  Virginia  Company  of  Londim,  pp.  407^11.     (2)  Sainabury  Calendar  of 

State  Papers,  Colonial,  pp.  39-40. 

D.  S. 

Transcript:  New  York  Public  Library,  Bancroft  Papers,  II,  pp.  349-3<;i. 

FEBRUARY  28 

629.*  Governor,  Council,  and  Assembly  in  Virginia.  Letter  "To  y«  right  Hono™*  our  very  good 
Lor :  the  Lors:  of  his  Ma"''  most  Ilono*"^  PrivieComisell,"  requesting  the  liberty  of  their 
general  assemblies  and  defending  the  Sandys  administration. 

(1)  LC.     (2)  PRO.  [NY] 

IV.        Ref:  (1)  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  i,  p.  5.     (2)  State  Papers,  Colonial,  Jamea 
I,  Vol.  Ill,  No.  4  (vera  copia). 
Pub;  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  Stale  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  58. 

Transcript;  New  York  Public  Library,  Bancroft  Papers,  II,  pp.  365-371.     [Date  Feb.  29.] 
MARCH 

630.  Ballad  concerning  the  massacre.  "Good  News  from  Virginia."  "To  the  Tune  of  All  those 
that  be  good  fellowes."     Praises  the  men  of  the  colony.  PRO. 

Ref:  Manchester  Papers,  No.  324. 
Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  EiglUh  Report,  pt.  ii,  pp.  39,  40. 

MARCH 

631.*  John  Haruey.  "To  the  right  WortT  S'  Francis  Wyatt  &c  and  to  the  Counsell  of  Estate." 
Petition  concerning  disobedience  to  his  orders.  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  62». 

632.*  .     "To  the  right  Wortt  S'  Francis  Wyatt  Knight  &c  and  to  the  Counsell  of  Estate  the 

second  complaint  and  peticion  of  John  Haruey  Esq'."  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  f.2. 
633.*  Robert  Guyer  and  John  White.     "  To  the  Hono:'"'  S'  Francis  Wyatt  knight  &c  and  y  right 
Wortt  the  Counsell  of  State.     The  Answer  to  y"  Complaint  and  Petition  of  Cap'  John 
Haruey  Esquiere."  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  62. 
634.*  .     "To  the  hono:"'" S'  Francis  Wyatt  knight  &c  and  the  right  wortt  the  rest  of  the  Coun- 
sell of  State.     The  answer  to  y"  Second  Complaint  and  peticion  of  Cap'  John  Haruey 
Esq'."  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virgmia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  62». 

[MARCH]   B 

635.*  Haruey  and  others,  commissioners  of  the  King.  A  letter  to  Sir  Francis  Wyatt,  govenior, 
and  to  the  as.seml)ly.  PRO. 

1.  Ref:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  Jamea  I,  Vol.  HI,  No.  6  (second  jiaper). 

MARCH  a 

636.*  Haruey  and  others.  Form  of  subscription  presented  to  the  general  aasenibly,  agreeing  to  a 
revocation  of  the  letters  patent.  I'KO.     [NY] 

I.  Ref:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  Ill,  No.  (>  (third  ]i:ii>er). 

Tranwript;  New  York  I'lililic  Library,  Bancroft  Papers,  II,  pp.  397-;!99. 


190  INTRODUCTION  [1623/4 

837.*  General  Assembly  in  Virginia.     A  letter  to  Haruey  demanding  a  commission  or  an  oath  as 
to  his  authority.  PRO. 

IV.        Ref:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  Ill,  No.  6  (fifth  paper). 
638.*  General  Assembly  in  Virginia.     "  The  generall  assemblies  answere  to  those  lower  Proposi- 
tions made  by  the  commissioners  to  be  presented  to  tlie  Lors:  of  his  Ma""  most  honor'"'' 
priviecounsell."  (1)  LC.     (2)  PRO.     [NY] 

IV.        Ref:  (1)  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  i,  p.  6'.     (2)  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James 
i,  Vol.  Ill,  No.  7. 
Pub :  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  58. 

(1)  D.  S.  in  Public  Record  Office.     (2)  Transcript,  New  York  Public  Library,  Bancroft  Papers, 
II,  pp.  381-3S9. 

639.*  Governor,  Council,  and  General  Assembly  in  Virginia.     "The  Answere  of  Gou"",  and 

Counsell  and  Generall  Assembly  to  the  Letter  and  wrightinge  of  Captain  John  Haruey," 

expressing  submissive  attitude  toward  King.  (1)  LC.     (2)  PRO. 

IV.        Ref:  (1)  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  i,  p.  7".     (2)  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I, 

Vol.  Ill,  No.  6  (fourth  paper). 

Document  in  State  Papers,  Colonial,  in  the  autograph  of  Ed.  Sharpless,  and  certified  by  him. 
[MARCH  2J 

640.  Commissioners  in  Virginia.     "A  briefe  declaratione  to  the  Assemblie"  (by  John  Harvy, 

John  Porey,  Abraham  Peirsey,  and  Samuel  Mathews.)  with  a  list  of  four  enquiries  as  to 
the  state  of  tlie  colony.  (1 )  LC.     (2)  PRO. 

I.  Ref:  (1)  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  i,  p.  6.     (2)  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I, 

Vol.  Ill,  No.  6  (first  paper). 
Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  58. 

Document  in  State  Papers,  Colonial,  in  autograph  of  Ed.  Sharpless,  and  certified  by  him. 

MABCH  3. 

64 1 .  John  Haruey  and  others.    A  letter  to  Governor  Wyatt  and  the  assembly,  answering  a  demand 

for  authority  and  acknowledging  that  they  had  none  to  move  them  to  conform  to  sub- 
scription. PRO.     [L.  C] 
I.          Ref:  (1)  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Vol.  Ill,  pt.  i,  p.  7'.      (2)  State  Papers,  Colonial, 
James  I,  Vol.  Ill,  No.  6  (sixth  paper). 

Document  in  the  State  Papers,  Colonial,  in  the  autograph  of  Ed.  Sharpless.    Photograph  in 
the  Library  of  Congres.s. 

UARCS  S 

642.*  Governor  and  Council  and  Assembly  in  Virginia.     Laws  and  Orders  of  the  Assembly  in 

Virginia,  by  the  Governor,  Council  and  2  burgesses  elected  out  of  every  plantation  by 

major  parts  of  voices,  February  16,  1623/4.  (1)  LC.     (2)  PRO.     [NY] 

IV.        Ref:  (1)  MS.  Rec.  Virgmia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  i,  fo.  8.     (2)  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I, 

Vol.  Ill,  No.  9. 

Pub:  (1)  Hening,  Statutes,  I,  122f.     (2)  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  Slate  Papers,  Colonial, 

p.  59. 

Document  in  State  Paper  Ofhce  in  autograph  of  Ed.  Sharpless.    Transcript:  New  York  Public 
Library,  Bancroft  Papers,  II,  fos.  329-345. 

643.*  Governor,  Council,  and  Assembly  in  Virginia.     Order  concerning  a  levy  of  tobacco.    LC. 
IV.        Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  i,  p.  9. 

MARCH  7 

644.  Council  in  Virginia.     Action  concerning  a  claim  against  the  company.  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Court  Book  of  the  Colony. 


1623/4]  LIST  OF  THE  RECORDS  191 

1623/4  TO  MAKOH  7,    ie24;6 

646.     Court  in  Virginia.     Transcripts  from  court  records  in  Virginia,  in  quarter  courts  at  James- 
town, of  points  relating  to  the  debts  of  George  Thorpe,  by  Benjamin  Harrison.  NY. 
IV.        Ref:  Smyth  of  Nibley  Paper.s,  Smyth,  38. 

Pub:  Calendar:  N.  Y.  Pub.  I  Ah.  Ball,  I,  189. 

1623/4 


646.  Oouncil  in  Virginia.     Court  Book  of  the  Council  in  Virginia,  concerning  a  case  between  Mr. 

Home  and  Mr.  Procter,  concerning  service.  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Court  BooIj;  of  the  Colony. 

647.*  Henry  [Horner].     "To  the  right  Wortt  S'  Francis  Wyatt  Knight  &c  and  Counsell  of  Estate 

here  Assembled,"  demanding  gooda  due  from  Procter.  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  61. 

UASCH  11 

648.  Council  in  Virginia.     Court  Book  of  the  Council   in  Virginia,  concerning  degradation  of 

Richard  (.Juaile  from  captain  to  carpenter.  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Court  Book  of  the  Colony. 

649.*  Bichard  Quaile.     "The  Humble  Petition  of  Richard  Quaile  to  the  hono*"'  the  Gouemor 

with  the  right  Wortt  the  Assistant  in  Counsell,"  requesting  to  be  released.     [Examined 

September  9,  1623.]  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt,  ii,  p.  61. 

MABCH  12 

650.  Council  in  Virginia.     Court  Book  of  the  Council   in   Virginia,   concerning  a  controversy 

between  Dr.  Pott  and  Capt.  William  Holmes  for  payment  of  three  chests  of  physic.     LC. 
IV.        iJ</-.-  MS.  Court  Book  of  the  Colony. 

651.  [Edward  Nicholas.]     A  letter  to  [John  Nicholas]  concerning  the  arrival  of  ships  this  week 

from  Virginia  and  the  Somers  Islands,  certifying  the  welfare  of  the  people  in  Virginia 
still  in  enmity  with  the  natives.  PRO. 

VI.        Ref:  State  Papers,  Domestic,  James  I,  Vol.  160,  No.  70. 
Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  59. 

MASCH  le 

662.*  Governor  in  Virginia.     A  commission  to  Rawleigh  Crashaw  to  trade  with  the  Indians.     LC. 
IV.        Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  41.' 

MASCH  as.  24,  25 

663.*  John  Haruey.     "To  the  right  wor:tT  S'  Francis  Wyatt  knight  &c  and  to  y*  Counsell  of  Estate 

the  third  petition  of  John  Haruey,  Esq',"  concerning  his  admiralty  of  New  England. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  HI,  pt.  ii,  p.  63.  LC. 

664.*  Robert  Guy ar  and  John  Wliite.     "To  the  right  bono:''''  S'  Francis  Wyatt  knight  i^cc  the 

right  Wortt  y'  Counsell  of  Stiite."     The  Humble  Petition  against  Captain  Haruey. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  63.  LC. 

MARCH  30 

666.*  Jane  Dickenson.     "To  the  honot  right  Wortt  &c  the  Gouemor  and  Counsell  of  Estate  in 
Virginia."     Petition  to  be  relieved  from  service.  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  61. 

16455— VOL  1—06 13 


192  INTRODUCTION  [1624 

1624 

[APRn.  ?] 

666.  [Sir  Nathaniel  Rich.]  Heads  of  a  speech  in  the  House  of  Commons  on  a  petition  presented 
by  the  Virginia  Company.  PRO. 

VI.  Sef:  Manchester  Papers,  No.  410. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  2,  p.  48. 

APRIL  8 

657.  Planters  in  Virginia.     Petition  to  the  King,  requesting  to  be  relieved  of  the  impost  on 

tobacco  for  a  time.  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Court  Book,  Virginia  Co.,  II,  373-374. 

Pub:  (1)  Kingsbury,  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  II.     (2)  Brock,  Virginia  Company,  II,  257-259. 

APBIL  8,    14 

658.  Privy  Council.     Answers  granting  the  above  petition.  LC. 

Ref:  MS.  Court  Book,  Virginia  Co.,  II,  374. 

Pub:  (1)  Kingsbury,  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  II.     (2)  Brock,  Virginia  Company,  II,  259. 

APBXL  13.  19 

669.*  John  Hall.  "To  the  right  WorlT  S'  Francis  Wyatt  Knight  &c"  concerning  a  claim  against 
John  Hall.  "  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  61. 

APRIL  17 

660.*  Council  in  Virginia.  Letter  "to  the  right  Honorbt  Henry  Earle  of  Sutbampton  with  the 
Lords  and  others  of  the  Counsell  and  Compenie  of  Virginia,"  concerning  acts  of  the 
Assembly  sent  by  John  Pountis,  and  the  needs  of  the  colony.  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  i,  p.  8'. 

[APRIL  22] 

661.  Sir  Thomas  Smythe.  A  letter  to  Secretary  Conway  entreating  him  to  attend  the  Grand  Com- 
mission of  Grievances  to-morrow  in  order  to  help  to  stop  John  Bargrave  cs.  Smythe. 

VII.  Ref:  State  Papers,  Domestic,  James  I,  Vol.  163,  No.  28.  PRO. 
Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  60. 

662.*  Capt.  John  Bargrave.  A  letter  to  the  House  of  Commons  on  behalf  of  himself,  absent 
planters  in  Virginia,  and  adventurers  against  Sir  Thomas  Smythe.  PRO. 

III.  Ref:  (1)  Manchester  Papers,  No.  401.     (2)  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  Ill, 

No.  11.     (3)  State  Papers,  Domestic,  James  I,  Vol.  163,  No.  28. 
Pub:  (1)  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,   Colonial,  p.  60.     (2)  Calendar:  Hist. 
MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  2,  p.  47. 

Document  ill  the  Colonial  State  Papers  signed  by  Bargrave.    The  date  is  uncertain. 

APRIL  24 

663.*  John  Harvey.  A  letter  to  Sir  Nathaniel  Rich,  sending  the  reply  of  the  Assembly  to  Capt. 
Butler's  and  Alderman  Johnson's  accusations.  PRO. 

IV.  Ref:  Manchester  Papers,  No.  400. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  ii,  p.  47. 
Autograph  document. 


1624]  LIST  OF  TEE  RECORDS  193 

APBCL  26,  SB 

664.     House  of  Commons.     "A  petition  for  Virginia  read"  in  the  House  of  Commone,  and  also  a 
letter  from  the  King.  (1)  LC.     (2)  &  (3)  HL.     (4)  PRO. 

I.  Re/:  (1)  MS.  Court  Book,  Virginia  Co.,  II,  377-379.     (2)  House  of  Lords,  Supple- 

mentary Calendar,  C.  J.,   II,  691,  694.     (3)  Journals  of  Commons,  I.     (4)  State 
Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  Ill,  No.  12. 
Pub:  (1)   LeFroy,    Memarials  uf  the  Bermudas,  I,  336.     (2)  Calendar:   Hist.  MSS. 
Com.,  Fourth  Report,  pt.  1,  p.  122.     (3)  Brock,  Virginia    Company,  II,  263-266. 
(4)  Kingsbury,  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  II. 

APBIL,  28 

665.*  James  I.     A  letter  to  the  Speaker  of  the  House  of  Commons  not  to  trouble  with  the  petition, 
as  it  would  renew  the  factions  of  the  company,  which  were  in  settlement  by  the  King. 
I.  Ref:  State  Papers,  Domestic,  James  I,  Vol.  163,  No.  71.  PRO. 

Pub:  (1)  LeFroy,  Memorials  of  Die  Bermudas,  I,  336-337.      (2)  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of 
State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  60. 
666.*  George  Menefie.     A  letter  to  John  Harrison,  telling  of  the  death  of  his  brother  George,  of 
his  will,  and  of  an  inventory  of  his  estate,  and  asking  for  instructions.  PRO.     [NY] 

YI.        Ref:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  Ill,  No.  15. 
Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  61. 

Transcript:  New  York  Public  Library,  Bancroft  Papers,  II,  473-476. 
APBXL  29 

667.  Sir  Isaac  Wake.     A  letter  to  Secretary  Conway,  telling  that  King's  letter  was  received  with 

universal  applause  and  had  quieted  the  great  schism  caused  by  the  Virginians.       PRO. 
VII.      Ref:  Savoy  Correspondence,  1624,  April  29. 

Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  60. 

APRIL  30 

668.  John  Chamberlain.     A  letter  to  Sir  Dudley  Carleton  concerning  the  King's  letter  to  Lower 

House  yesterday   touching  Virginia,   and  resernng  the  matter  likely  to   have  bred 
dissension.  PRO. 

VII.      Ref:  State  Papers,  Domestic,  James  I,  Vol.  163,  No.  74. 

Pub:  (1)  LeFroy,  Memorials  of  the  Bermudas,  1,337.     (2)  SsiiBBbnry ,  Calendar  of  State 
Papers,  Colonial,  p.  61. 

MAY 

869.*  [Nicholas  Ferrar.]     A  rough  draft  and  a  copy  of  a  petition  to  the  Commons  concerning  the 
loss  to  England  by  allowing  the  importation  of  tobacco  from  Spain.  MC.     [LC] 

VI.        Ref:  Ferrar  Papers. 

Rough  draft  in  Nicliolas  Ferrar's  autograpli  and  a  copy  in  Ed.  Collingwood's  writing. 
MAY  4 

670.     House  of  Ijords.     Matters  brought  from  the  House  of  Commons,  but  no  further  proceedings. 
I.  Ref:  Lords  Journal,  III,  340.  HL. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Fourth  Report,  p.  123. 

MAY  6 

671.*  Bichard  Barnes.     "To  the  hono"*  S'  Francis  Wyatt  Knight  Governor  and  Capt.  generall  of 
Virginia  The  Humble  Petition"  requesting  a  reinvestigation  of  censure.  LC. 

lY.        Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  61". 


194  lyTRODVCTION  [1624 


672.  Sir  Francis  Nethersole.     A  letter  to  Sir  Dudley  Carleton,  concerning  the  discuBsion  of  Vir- 

ginia affairs  in  the  House  of  Commons.  PRO. 

VII.      Ref:  State  Papers,  Domestic,  James  I,  Vol.  164,  No.  46. 

Pub:  (1)  Calendar:  T'lV^mia  Mag.  of  HUt.,  VI,  382-384.     (2)  Sainsbury,  Calendar  oj 
State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  62. 

MAY  10 

673.  Council  in  Virginia.     Action  concerning  the  charge  against  Edward  Sharpies,  dark  to  the 

council  of  state,  of  betraying  counsels  ...  to  the  King  and  Lords  of  the  Privy  Council 
and  some  of  the  commissioners  for  reward.  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Court  Book  of  the  Colony. 

674.     .     Action  concerning  the  censure  of  Richard  Barnes  for  speaking  ill  of  the  governor. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Court  Book  of  the  Colony.  LC. 

MAY  la 

675.*  Council  in  Virg-inia.  Letter  "to  the  Right  Honoble  Henry  Earle  of  Suthampton  w""  the 
Lo:  and  others  of  the  Counsell  and  Compenie  of  Virginia."  Complaint  concerning 
Mr.  Pory.  LO. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  i,  p.  9. 

MAY  ao 

676.*  Kobert  Heath.     A  letter  to  Sir  Robert  Harley  requesting  him  to  take  opinion  on  a  bill  pro- 
posed in  Parliament  on  the  importation  of  Spanish  tobacco.  PRO. 
VII.       Ref:  State  Papers,  Domestic,  Vol.  CLXV,  No.  5. 

Pub:  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Domestic.     James  I,  1623-1625,  p.  250. 

MAY  38 

677.*  Sir  Robert  Heath.     "Severall  greiuances  presented  to  King  James  by  S'  Robert  Heath  (then 
Sollicito'  eeiiall)  \'pon  Friday  the  28th  of  May  in  the  name  of  the  Lower  House  of  Par- 
liament in  the  Banquetting  House  at  Whitehall  1624 — concerning  Trade"  and  tobacco. 
VII.      Ref:  Harleian  MSS.,  2244,  fo.  15.  BM. 

MAY  30 

678.*  Ralph  Hamour.  "To  the  bono'™  S' Francis  Wyatt  knight  &c  and  the  rest  of  Counsell  of 
Estate  in  Virginia.  The  Humble  Petition"  concerning  the  destruction  of  his  patent  in 
the  massacre.  LC 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  61. 

juira:  (?) 

679.  Henry,  Earl  of  Southampton,  and  certain  other  Lords  appointed  a  Council  for  Virginia. 

I.  Ref:  JNlinutes,  Colonial  Correspondence,  1609,  p.  1.  PRO. 

Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papiers,  Colonial,  p.  63. 

680.  [Nathaniel  Rich(  ?).]     An  act  concerning  tobacco.     [Proposed  bill  by  Parliament.]       PRO. 

^'l.        /.'(/.•  Manchester  Papers,  No.  406. 

681.  Roug:h  draft  of  a  suggestion  for  preemption  of  tobacco,  and  prohibition  of  planters  in  England, 

Ireland,  and  Wales,  and  importa,tion  of  any  except  from  Virginia  and  Summer  Islands. 
VI.        Ref:  ^lanchester  Papers,  Nos.  365,  404,  407.  PRO. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  2,  pp.  45,  48. 

682.  House  of  Commons.     Petition  to  the  King  for  exclusion  of  all  tobacco  not  grown  in  his 

Majesty's  Dominion.  PRO. 

I.  Ref:  Manchester  Papers,  No.  405, 

piib:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  2,  p.  48. 


1624]  LIST  OF  THE  RECORDS  195 


683.*  Secretary  Conway.  A  letter  to  Sir  Thomas  Merry  stating  that  the  King  desired  letters  and 
papers  relatini;  to  affairs  of  Virginia  in  possession  of  his  late  cousin,  employed  in  that 
business,  to  be  preserved,  and  any  other  papers  on  the  business.  PRO. 

I.  Ref:  State  Papers,  Domestic,  James  I,  Vol.  167,  No.  60. 

Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  Slate.  Pa-pen,,  Colonial,  p.  62. 

JtTNE  IB  (?) 

684.*  Governor  Sir  Francis  Wyatt,  Council,  and  Assembly  in  Virginia.     Petition  to  the  King, 

expressing  fear  that  the  petition  sent  by  John  Pountis  was  not  delivered  and  complain- 
ing of  the  desperate  state  of  the  colony.  PRO. 
IV.        Ref:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  Ill,  No.  42. 

Puh:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  74. 

D.  S.    Transcript:  New  York  Public  Library,  Bancroft,  II,  585-590. 
JXTNB  aa 

686.*  Petition  concerning  Virginia  intended  for  delivery  to  the  King,  claiming  a  desire  for  revision 
of  affairs  only.  PRO. 

VI.        Ref:  Manchester  Papers,  No.  403. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  2,  p.  48. 

JUNE  24 

686.*  Assembly  in  Virginia.     Law  against  unlawful  implied  contracts  of  marriage. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  49.  LC. 

687.*  Privy  Council  Order  appointing  Lord  President  Mandeville,  Lord  Paget,  Lord  Chichester,  and 
others,  Commissioners  to  resolve  on  the  well  settling  of  the  colony,  to  give  order  there- 
fore, to  certify  proceedings  to  the  King,  and  to  receive  further  directions.     King  deter- 
mined to  give  new  charter.  (1)  PC.     (2)  PRO.     [NT] 
L           Ref:  (1)  Colonial  Entry  Book,  Vol.  79,  p.  210.    (2)  Privy  Council  Register,  James  I, 
Vol.  VI,  p.  342. 
■  Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Paper?,  Colonial,  p.  62. 

Transcript:  New  Yorlc  Public  Library,  Bancroft  Papers,  11,477-479. 
jmra;  as 

688.*  Commissioners  and  Adventurers  of  Virginia  Company.  Petition  to  Privy  Council  that 
Captain  John  Bargrave's  protection  be  not  renewed  till  course  be  taken  for  the  payment 
of  £800  bond  for  debt  of  £500.  PRO.     [NY] 

III.       Ref:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  Ill,  No.  16. 
Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  62. 

Transcript,  New  York  Public  Library,  Bancroft  Papers,  II,  485-4S7. 
689.*  Privy  Council.     Order  for  Mr.  Ferrar,  Deputy,  to  bring  to  the  Council  Chamber  all  patents, 
books  of  account,  and  invoices  of  the  late  corporation  and  lists  of  people  in  the  Colonv, 
to  be  retained  by  the  Keeper  of  the  Council  Chest  till  further  order. 

(1)  PC.     (2)   PRO.     [NY] 
I.  Ref:  (1)  Privy  Council  Register,  James  I,  Vol.  VI,  p.  344.     (2)  Colonial  Entry  Book, 

Vol.  79,  p.  277. 
Pub:  Sain.sbury,  Calendar  of  State  Paper.^,  Colonial,  p.  62. 

Transcript,  New  York  Public  Library,  Bancroft  Papers,  II,  481. 

690.*  Order  to  the  Commissioners  for  the  Virginia  business  concerning  tie  stock,  etc.,  of  the 

Virginia  Company.  PC. 

I.  Ref:  Privy  Council  Register,  .Tames  1,  Vol.  VI,  p.  ,345. 


196  INTRODUCTION  [1624 

JTTLY  (P) 

691.*  Keasons  alleged  on  behalf  of  King's  Farmers  of  the  custom  and  impost  on  tobacco,  for  redress 
of  grievances.  PRO.     [NY] 

VI.        Ref:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  Ill,  No.  22. 

Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  pp.  68-69. 

Transcript,  New  York  Public  Library,  Bancroft  Papers,  II,  573-583. 
692.*  Brief  answer  to  a  proposition  touching  tobacco  lately  delivered  by  the  King's  Farmers  of 
Customs.  PRO. 

VI.        Ref:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  Ill,  No.  23. 
Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  Stale  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  69. 
693.*  Bequest  to  [Privy  Council  ?]  that  as  King  is  concluding  a  contract  with  divers  persona  for  his 
own  use,  orders  should  be  given  to  the  Governor  in  Virginia  not  to  suffer  trade  with  the 
Hollanders  who  are  now  freighting  ships  for  that  purpose,  since  their  produce  is  not 
needed  there.  PRO. 

VI.  Ref:  State  Papers,  Domestic,  James  I,  Vol.  169,  No.  7. 
Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  63. 

694.*  "A  Briefe  Declaration  of  the  plantation  of  Virginia  during  the  first  twelve  years  when  S'' 
Thomas  Smyth  was  Governor  of  the  Companie  [1606-1619]  and  downe  to  the  present 
tyme  [1624]  by  the  Ancient  Planters  now  remaining  alive  in  Virginia." 

III.  Ref:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  Ill,  p.  21.  PRO.     [NY] 
Pub:  ( 1 )  Wynne  and  Oilman,   Colonial  Records  of  Virginia  ( State  Senate  Document, 

Extra,  1874).     (2)  Bro'wn,  First  Republic,  572-574:.     {3)  Sa-inahury ,  Calendar  of  State 
Papers,  Colonial,  pp.  66-68. 

Transcript,  New  York  Public  Library,  Bancroft  Papers,  I,  fos.  629-609. 

696.  [Solicitor-General  Heath.]     Statement  as  to  a  contract  ordered  by  King  on  July  2/24  as  to 

tobacco.  PRO. 

I.  Ref:  State  Papers,  Domestic,  James  I,  Vol.  169,  No.  6. 

Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  63. 

JTJIiX  2 

696.*  James  I.  A  letter  to  Solicitor-General  Heath,  concerning  a  petition  of  House  of  Commons 
against  the  importation  of  foreign  tobacco,  and  a  petition  of  planters  and  adventurers  for 
a  reasonable  price.  PRO. 

I.  Ref:  State  Papers,  Domestic,  James  I,  Vol.  169,  No.  5. 

Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  63. 

JULY  3 

697.  Nethersole.     A  letter  to  Sir  Dudley  Carleton,  concerning  the  overthrow  of  the  Virginia  patent 

by  the  quo  varranto.  PRO. 

VII.  Ref:  State  Papers,  Domestic,  James  I,  Vol.  169,  No.  14. 

Pub:  (1)  Calendar:  Virginia  Mag.  of  Hist.,  VII,  39.     (2)  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State 

Papers,  Colonial,  p.  63. 

698.*  Governor,  Council,  and  Colony  in  Virginia.     To  the  Kings  moste  Excelent  Ma"''.     "The 

Humble  Petitione  of  the  (Tou'nor  Counsell  and  Colony  of  Virginia  in  theire  general! 

Assemblie,"  praying  for  a  continuation  of  the  present  government.      (1)  LC.     (2)  PRO. 

IV.  Ref:  (1)  MS.  Records,  Virginia  Co.,  HI,  pt.  i,  p.  5".     (2)  State  Papers,  Colonial, 

James  I,  Vol.  Ill,  No.  21. 
Pub:  (1)  Calendar:  Virginia  Mag.  of  Hiit.,  VII,  45.     (2)  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State 
Papers,  Colonial,  p.  65. 

D.  S.  in  the  State  Papers,  Colonial. 
Date  uncertain. 


1624]  LIST  OF  TEE  RECORDS  197 


699.*  David  Sandis.     "To  the  Hono''''"  the  Governor  w'*'  the  rest  the  worTT  Counsellors  of  Estate." 

Petition  for  justice  because  of  defamations  by  one,  Alnut.  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Records,  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  61a. 

700.     Council  in  Virginia.     Order  that  persons  remaining  at  home  shall  give  day's  work  in  place 

of  those  on  the  march;  ordering  a  commission  to  be  granted  to  council  at  home  for 

dispatcli  of  business  until  governor's  return;  also  concerning  fining  Thomas  Alnet  for 

defamation  of  character  of  Minister  Sandia.  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Court  Book  of  the  Colony. 


701.*  James  I.     Commission  to  certain  of  the  Lords  of  the  Privy  Council  and  others  for  settling  a 

government  in  Virginia.  (1)  BM.     (2)  PRO. 

I.  i^f/.-  (1)  Additional  MSS.,  12496,  fos.  464-473.     (Caesar Papers.)     (2)  Patent  Roll,  22 

James  I,  pt.  1,  No.  4;  Chancery  Privy  Seal,  22  James  I,  July,  1624. 

Pah:  (1)   Hazard,  Ilislorical  Colkction,  I,  183.     (2)  Rymer,  For<lera,  XVII,  609-613. 

702.*    Commissioners  for  Virg'inia.     Orders  set  down  at  a  meeting,  July  16,  1624,  appointing  H. 

Fotherby  to  be  in  charge  of  charters,  seals,  and  writings  of  the  company,  and  providing 

for  an  investigation  of  the  colony.  PRO.     [LC] 

I.  Ref:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  Ill,  No.  17,  I. 

Pub:  (1)  Calendar;   Virginia  Mag.  of  Hist.,  VII,  44-45.     (2)  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of 
Slate  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  64. 

Transcript:  Library  of  Congress,  Bancroft  Papers,  II,  489-495. 

JTTLY   (16) 

703.     Lord  President  Mandeville.     A  letter  to  Secretary  Conway,  giving  a  brief  of  the  proceedings 

of  the  Commissioners  for  Virginia,  with  regard  to  the  free  importation  of  tobacco. 
VII.      Ref:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  Ill,  No.  17.  PRO.     [NY] 

Pub:  (1)   Calendar:   Virginia  Mag.  of  Hist.,  VII,  43-44.     (2)  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of 
State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  64. 

Transcript:  New  Yorlt  Public  Librarj-,  Bancroft  Papers,  II,  513-515. 

JULY  18 

704.*  Privy  Council.     An  order  for  the  allowance  of  £150  to  [John]  Pory,  employed  in  Virginia 
about  His  Majesty's  especial  business.  (1)  PC.     (2)  PRO. 

I.  Ref:  (1)  Privy  Council  Register,  James  I,  Vol.  VI,  p.  376.     (2)   Colonial  Entrv  Book, 

Vol.  79,  p.  277. 
Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  64. 

JULY  19 

705.  Secretary  Conway.     A  letter  to  Lord  President  Mandeville,  stating  that  the  King  approves 

the  proceedings  in  the  Virginia  business,  and  that  the  restraint  as  to  tobacco  is  to  be 
considered.  PRO. 

VII.      Ref:  Minute.     Conway's  Letter  Book,  136. 

Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  Sltile  Papers,  Colonial , -p.  64. 

706.     .     A  letter  to  Lord  Coventry,  concerning  putting  Mr.  Bing  in  the  Commission  for  Vir- 
ginia, if  there  is  no  cause  to  the  contrary.  PRO. 

VII.      Ref:  Minute.     Conway's  Letter  Book,  137. 

Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  64. 


198  INTRODUCTION  [1624 


JTJLT  20 


707.*  Warrant  to  pay  John  Pory  £150  in  payment  of  expenditure  of  £100,  and  for  eervices  in  Vir- 
ginia on  King's  business.  PRO. 
I.           Ref:  Sign  Manual,  James  I,  Vol.  16,  ^"o.  50. 

Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  65. 


708.     Lord  Coventry.     A  letter  to  Secretary  Conway,  stating  why  ]\Ir.  Bing  was  willingly  forgotten 
from  the  Commission  for  Virginia.  PRO.     [NT] 

VII.      Ref:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  Ill,  No.  18. 

Pii6.-  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  Slaie  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  65. 

Transcript:  New  York  Public  Library.  Bancroft  Papers,  II,  501-503. 


709.     Secretary  Conway.     A  letter  to  Lord  President  Mandeville,  concerning  John  Bargrave. 

VII.      Ref:  State  Papers,  Domestic,  James  I,  Vol.  170,  No.  65.  PRO. 

Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  65. 


710.  Solicitor-General  Heath.     A  letter  to  Secretary  Conway,  stating  that  the  Commission  deems 

it  best  that  the  commission  from  the  King  be  sent  to  the  principal  men  in  Virginia  for 
the  present  government  of  the  Colony.  PRO.     [NY] 

VII.      Ref:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  Ill,  No.  19. 

Pub:  (1)  Calendar:   Mrginia  Mag.  o/i7w(.,  VII,  45.     (2)  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State 
Papers,  Colonial,  p.  65. 

Transcript:  New  Yorl:  Public  Library,  Bancroft  Papers,  II,  .505-507. 

711.  Sir  Thomas  Smythe.    A  letter  to  Secretary  Conway,  stating  that  the  Virginia  Company  hoped 

that  John  Bargrave  would  pay  £500  due  before  his  protection  was  renewed,  and  enclos- 
ing a  petition  to  the  King.  PRO.     [NY] 
VII.      Ref:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  Ill,  No.  20. 

Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  65. 

A.  S.    Transcript:  New  York  Public  Library,  Bancroft  Papers.  II.  609,  Bll. 

ATTQUST  a 

712.  Solicitor-General  Heath.     A  letter  to  the  Duke  of  Buckingham,  entreating  his  assietance  in 

settling  the  contract  for  Virginia  tobacco.  PRO. 

VII.      Ref:  State  Papers,  Domestic,  James  I,  Vol.  171,  No.  7. 
Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  69. 

AtTGTJST  6 

713.  Sir  Thomas  Smythe.     A  letter  to  Lord  President  Mande^^lle,  requesting  him  to  hinder  or 

defer  Captain  Bargrave's  protection,  as  he  hopes  to  procure  a  countermand  from  the 
King.  PRO.     [NY] 

VII.      Ref:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  Ill,  No.  24. 
Piib:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  69. 

A.  8.    Transcript:  New  York  Public  Library,  Bancroft  Papers,  II,  617-619. 


1624]  LliiT  OF  THE  RECORDS  199 

AUGUST  g 

714.  Robert,  Earl  of  Warwick.     A  letter  to  Secretary  Conway,  sending  Mr.  Pory  with  the  com- 

mifision  [for  Virginia],  to  desire  him  to  put  out  Mr.  Pott's  name,  who  was  a  poi.soner  of 

savages  there  and  hence  unfit  for  State  business;  and  asliing  him  to  remind  the  King 

to  write  Mr.  Attorney  to  i)ut  Mr.  Bing  on  the  Commission  according  to  promise. 

VII.      ReJ:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  Ill,  No.  2.5.  "  PRO.     [NY] 

Pub:  (1)  Calendar:    Virginia  Mag.  nf  Hist.,  VII,  .51.     (2)  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State 

Papers,  Colonial,  p.  69. 

Traiucrlpt:  New  York  Public  Library,  Bancroft  Papers,  II,  .S21. 
AUGUST  13 

715.  Secretary  Conway.     A  letter  to  Attorney-General  Coventry,  concerning  conferring  with  Sir 

Thos.  Smythe  and  the  Earl  of  Warwick  about  putting  Mr.  Bing  on  the  Commission. 
VII      Jief:  Minute,  Conway's  Letter  Book.  PRO. 

Puh:  Sainsbury,  Calnidar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  69. 

716.     A  letter  to  Solicitor-General  Heath  concerning  the  returns  of  the  CommiBsion  for  a  Council 

in  Virginia.  PRO 

VII.      Ref:  State  Papers,  Domestic,  James  I,  Vol.  171,  No.  47. 
Puh:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  69. 

AUGUST  16 

717.  John  Harrison.     Power  of  attorney  from  John  Harrison,  of  London,  to  John  Carter,  master 

of  "Anne."  PRO.     [NY] 

VI.        Ref:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  Ill,  Nos.  26,  27. 
Puh:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  69. 

Transcript:  New  York  Public  Libmry,  Bancroft  Paper.s,  II.  526-529. 

718.  Council  in  Virginia.     Court  Book   of  the  Council  in  Virginia  concerning  the  complaint  of 

Ensign  John  Ulie  (?)  against  Tyler  for  slander.  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Court  Book  of  the  Colony. 

AUGUST  23 

719.  Council  in  Virginia.     Court  Book  of  the  Council  in  Virginia  concerning  the  sentence  of 

William  Tyler  for  slander.  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  M.S.  Court  Book  of  the  Colony. 

AUGUST  36 

720.  James  I.     Commission  to  Sir  Francis  Wyatt  as  governor  and  to  the  Council  in  Virginia. 

PRO. 
I.  Ref:  (1)  Patent  Roll,  22  .Tames  I,  pt.  17,  No.  2.     (2)  Chancery  Privy  Seal,  22  James 

I,  August. 
Pub:  (1)  Hazard,  Historical  Collection  of  Stale  Papers,  I,  189-192.     (2)  Rvmer,  Foedera, 
XVIII,  618. 

SEPTEMBER  B.    l-i 

721.  Council  in  Virginia.     Court  Book  of  the  Council  in  Virginia:  list  of  persons  coming   to 

.Tames  City,  Virginia,  in  the  "  Bonny  Bess,"  who  took  the  oath  of  supremacy. 
IV.        Ref:  MS.  Court  Book  of  the  Colony.  '  LC. 

SEPTEMBEB  18  OR  10  (P) 

722.  James  I.     Commission  as  governor  to  Sir  George  Yeardley  in  the  absence  of  Sir  Francis 

Wyatt.  (1)  PRO.     (2)  LC. 

I.          Ref:  (1)  Docquet  Book,  Domestic,  James  I.  (2)  Misc.  Records,  1606-1692.     (Bland 
Copy),  122-12.5. 

Ptih:  (1)  Hazard,  Historical  Collection.  I,  235.  {2)  Sa.insh\iTy ,  Calendar  of  StaU  Papers, 
Colonial,  p.  69. 


200  INTRODUCTION  [1624 

SEPTEMBER  36 

723.  Council  in  Virginia.     Court  Book  of  the  Council  in  Virginia  concerning  the  fining  several 

offenders,  20  nobles,  toward  the  repair  of  the  church,  for  drinking.  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Court  Book  of  the  Colony. 

SEFTEHIBEB  28 

724.  Privy  Council.     An  order  for  an  exact  account  of  John  Puntis'e  property  to  be  sent  to  Thos. 

Merry  (1)  PC.     (2)  PRO.     [NY] 

I.  Ref:  Privy  Council  Register,  James  I,  Vol.  VI,  p.  449. 

Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  70. 

Transcript:  New  York  Public  Library,  Bancroft  Paper.«.  11,  533-535. 
SEPTEMBER  29 

725.  James  I.     Proclamation  restraining  the  importation  of  tobacco  except  from  Virginia  and  the 

Summer  Islands.     Printed.  JCB. 

I.         Pub:  (1)  Hazard,  Historical  Collection,  I,  193-198.     (2)  Rymer,  Foedf.ra,  XVII,  621. 

OCTOBEK 

728.     Capt.  John  Bargrave.     A  letterto ,  concerning  a  remodelled  project,  the  only  safe  and 

profitable  way  to  plant  Virginia.  PRO. 

VI.       Ref:  State  Papers,  Domestic,  James  I,  Vol.  173,  Nos.  120,  121. 
Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calander  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  70. 

OCTOBER  4 

727.  Council  in  Virginia.     Court  Book  of  the  Council  in  Virginia  concerning  Sybill  Royall's  will. 

LC. 
IV.        Ref:  MS.  Court  Book  of  the  Colony. 

OCTOBER  10 

728.  Council  in  Virginia.     Court  Book  of  the  Council   in  Virginia  concerning:  I.  Accusations 

against  Captain  John  Martin  for  slanderous  .sayings.  II.  Claim  that  Company  had 
right  to  appoint  ministers.  III.  Difference  as  to  division  of  parishes,  payment  of  work- 
man's wages  for  church.  IV.  Complaints  of  Elizabeth  Abbot's  servant — having  been 
beaten  by  Mr.  Procter,  her  master.  LC. 

IV.       Ref:  MS.  Court  Book  of  the  Colony. 

OCTOBER  18 

729.  [Privy  Council.]     Warrant  to  prepare  a  bill  for  Edward  Dichfield  and  five  others  on  the 

recommendation  of  Virginia  Commission,  appointing  them  ofiicers  for  searching  and 
sealing  tobacco.  PRO. 

I.  Ref:  State  Papers,  Domestic,  James  I,  Vol.  173,  No.  55. 

Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  71. 

OCTOBER  10 

730.  Council  in  Virginia.     Court  Book  of  the  council  in  Virginia,  granting  several  leases  to  persons 

on  governor's  and  college  land  for  a  term  of  five  years  from  date.  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Court  Book  of  the  Colony. 

OCTOBER  33 

731.  Privy  Council.     Warrant  to  Lord  Carew,  Master  of  Ordinance,  to  deliver  to  the  Virginia  Com- 

missioner one  last  of  powder.  (1)  PC.  (2)  PRO. 

I.  Ref:  (1)  Privy  Council  Register,  James  I,  Vol.  VI,  p.  474.     (2)  Colonial  Entry  Book, 

Vol.  79,  p.  278. 
Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  Slate  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  70. 


1624]  LIfiT  OF  THE  RECORDfi  201 


OCTOBER  2S 


732.  Council  in  Virginia.     Court  Book  of  the  council  in  Virginia,  concerning  the  complaint  of 

Capt.  John  Martyn  against  the  master  of  ship  for  nine  weeks'  detention  in  New  Eng- 
land. LC. 
IV.        Ref:  MS.  Court  Book  of  the  Colony. 

OCTOBER  28 

733.  "Att  the  same  tyme  there  was  a  newe  offer  made  by  dyuers  honest  Men  for  the  good  of  the 

Plantation  and  presented  to  Mr.  Soliciter  the  :28"'  of  October  1624."  BM.     [LC] 

VI.       Ref:  Additional  MSS.,  12496,  fo.  447.     (Caesar  Papers.) 

[NOVEMBER] 

734.  [Sir  Nathaniel  Rich.]     Rough  notes  in  criticism  of  Captain  .John  Bargrave's  proposition. 

VI.        Ref:  Manchester  Papers,  No.  409.  PRO. 

Pub:  Calendar:  Hist.  MSS.  Com.,  Eighth  Report,  pt.  2,  p.  48. 

NOVEMBER  1 

735.*  Meeting  of  the  adventurers  of  Martin's  Hundred,  concerning  the  land  for  the  East  India 
School.  MC. 

VI.  Ref:  Ferrar  Papers. 

736.  Council  in  Virginia.      Action   concerning  a  will,  a  complaint,  and   use  of  arms  by  the 

Indians.  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  MS.  Court  Book  of  the  Colony. 

NOVEMBER  9 

737.  The  King.     "Proclamation  of  a  concession  to  Edward  Dichfield  and  others"   concerning 

tobacco. 
I.  Pub:  (1)  Hazard,  Hisiorkal  Collection,  I,  198-202.      (2)  Rymer,  Foedera,  XVII,  633. 

NOVEMBER  16 

788.  Sirs  Thomas  Smy-the  and  others.     Sirs  Thomas  Smythe  and  others,  of  the  council  for 

Virginia,  to  the  Earl  of  Warwick.  PRO.     [NY] 

III.  Ref:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  Ill,  No.  28. 
Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  Slot e  Papers,  <  olonial,  p.  70. 

Transcript:  New  York  Public  Library,  Bancroft  Papers,  II,  541-543. 

NOVEMBER  17 

789.  Privy  Council.     A  letter  to  Commissioners  for  Virginia,  to  investigate  the  claims  of  Lady 

Wyatt  on  behalf  of  her  late  husband  rs.  the  Virfrinia  Co:iipany.  PC. 

I.  Ref:  Privy  Council  Register,  James  I,  Vol.  VI,  p.  496. 

NOVEMBER  18 

740.  [Secretary  Conway.]     A  letter  to  Solicitor  General  Heath,  stating  that  the  King  desires  him 

to  prepare  grant  of  denization  to  Beaumont.  PRO. 

VII.  Ref:  State  Papers,  Domestic,  James  I,  Vol.  164,  No.  85. 
Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  folate  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  70. 

NOVEMBER  33.   26 

741.  Council  in  Virginia.     Court  Book  of  the  Council  in  Virginia  concerning:  I.  Oath  in  regard 

to  Captain  John  Martyn;  II.  Petition  of  Alice  Boyle,  concerning  slander  of  herself  by 
Johane  Wilson.  LC. 

IV.  Ref:  MS.  Court  Book  of  the  Colony. 


202  INTRODUCTION  [1624-1625 

NOVEMBER  28 

742.  James  I.  A  letter  to  the  Commission  and  Company  of  Virginia,  recommending  James  Stuart 
for  fit  employment.  PRO.     [NY] 

I.  Rff:  State  Papen*,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  Ill,  No.  29. 

Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  Stale  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  70. 

Transcript:  New  York  Public  Library.  Bancroft  Papers,  II.  545. 

DECEMBER  3 

743.*  Council  in  Virginia.  Letter  "To  the  right  HonobTt  Henry  Earle  of  Suthamptone,  with  the 
Lordea  and  others  of  the  counsell  &  compeny  of  Virginia,"  concerning  the  victory  over 
the  Indians.  (1)LC.     (2)  PRO. 

IV.        Ref:  (1)  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  i,  p.  llo.     (2)  State  Papen?,  Colonial,  James  I, 
Vol.  Ill,  No.  30. 
Pub:  (1)  Calendar:    Virginia  Mag.  of  HiM.,  VII,  130-131.     (2)  Sainsbury,  Calendar 
of  State  Papem,  Colonial,  pp.  70-71. 
D.  S. 

DECEMBER  13 

744.     Commissioners  for  Virginia.     A  letter  to  the  King,  concerning  tobacco. 

I.  Ref-  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  Ill,  No.  31.  PRO. 

Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  71. 
D.  S.  and  with  seal.    1624  (?). 

1624  (?) 

DECEMBER  23 

746.  Colonists  in  Virginia.     A  letter  concerning  the  intolerable  rates  for  commodities. 

IV.        Pub:  Purchas,  His.  Pil grimes. 

1624 

DECEMBER  27 

746.*  Council  in  Virginia.     Orders  on  the  demands  of  Captain  Martin.  PRO.     [NY] 

IV.        Ref:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  Ill,  No.  36,  II. 
Pub:  Virginia  Mag.  of  Hist.,  VII,  14.5-146. 

Transcript:  New  York  Public  Library,  Bancroft  Papers,  II,  565-571.    Series  attested  by  Secre- 
tary Southeme. 

DECEMBER  31 

747.  Grant  to  Beaumont  of  denization,  confirming  lands  and  liberty  in  Virginia  as  granted  by  the 

Commission  for  Virginia.  PRO. 

I.  Ref:  Docquet  Book,  Domestic,  James  I. 

Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  71. 

1625 

748.  "Considerations  Touching  the  New  Contract  for  Tobacco.     As  the  same  Hath  heene  pro- 

pcjunded  by  Maister  Ditchfield,  and  other  vndertakers."     Printed.     (1)  BM.     (2)  PRO. 
VI.        Ref:  (1)  Additional  MSS.,  12496,  fos.  440-446  (Caesar  Papers).     (2)  State  Papers, 
Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  Ill,  No.  32. 
Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  71. 


1624/6]  LIHT  OF  THE  RECORDS  203 

1624  5 

JAmjABY  7 

749.  Solicitor-General  Heath.     Motion  for  release  of  "Elizabeth  of  London,"  Richard   Page, 

Master,  bound  to  Virginia.  PRO. 

VII.       ReJ:  SUte  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  Ill,  No.  33. 
Pah:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  uf  State  Papern,  Colmiial,  p.  71. 

JANTJAHY  10 

750.  Sir  Francis  Wyatt,  Governor,  and  Council  in  Virginia.     K  letter  to  the  Earl  of  South- 

ampton and  the  Company  of  Virginia.  PRO.     [XY] 

IV.        Ref:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  Ill,  No.  34. 

Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  pp.  71-72. 

(1)  Transcript;  New  York  Public  Library,  Bancroft  Papers,  III,  141-143. 

(2)  D.  S.  with  a  seal. 

BETWIIEN  JANUARY  20  AND  FEBRUARY  7 

761.*  Census  of  1624.  (1)  PRO.     [LC]     [XY] 

IV.        ReJ:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  Ill,  No.  35. 

Pub:  (1)  Neill,  in  New  England  Hist,  and  Geneal.  Register,  Vol.  31,  pp.  147,  265,  393. 
(2)  Brown,  First  Republic,  611-627.  (3)  Summary:  Virginia  Mag.  of  Hist.,  VII, 
364-367. 

(1)  Transcript:  New  York  Public  Library,  Bancroft  Papers,  II,  601-617. 

(2)  Document  in  State  Papers.  Colonial,  in  the  autograph  of  Ed.  Sharpless. 

FEBRUARY 

762.*  John  Harvey.  "A  Briefe  Declaration  of  the  state  of  Virginia  at  my  cominge  from  thence  in 
February  1624."  [NY] 

IV.        Pub:  Mass.  Hist.  Soc.  Collections,  fourth  series,  IX,  60-73. 

Transcript:  New  York  Public  Library.  Barlow  Papers,  Virginia,  I,  No.  27. 

FEBRUARY  4 

753.*  Sir  Georg'e  Yeardley.  Answer  of  defendant  to  the  demand  of  Capt.  John  Martin,  requiring 
recompense  for  wrongs  done,  and  touching  his  right  to  cattle  left  in  charge  of  Lieut. 
Edmund  Saunders.  PRO.     [XY] 

IV.        Ref:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  Ill,  No.  36. 

Pub:  (1)  Virginia  Mag.  of  Hist,  VII,  136-144.  (2)  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State 
Papers,  Colonial,  p.  72. 

(1)  Transcript:  New  York  Public  Library,  Bancroft  Papers,  III,  145-147. 

(2)  Autograph  of  Edward  Sharpless,  attested  by  John  Southerne. 

764.*  Examination  of  witnesses  concerning  the  demands  of  Capt.  John  Martin.  PRO. 

IV.        Ref:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  Ill,  Xo.  36. 

Attested  by  Southerne. 

765.*  Council  in  Virginia.     Letter  from  council  in  Virginia  to  the  Virginia  Company  of  London 

concerning  Capt.  John  Martin.  (1)  LC.     (2)  PRO.  [XY] 

IV.        Ref:  (1)  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  p.  12.     (2)  Stai?  Papers,  Colonial,   James 

I,  Vol.  Ill,  No.  36. 

Pub:  (1)  Calendar:    Virginia  Mag.  of  Hi.':!.,  \  11,  131-132.     (2)  Sainsbury  Calendar  of 

State  Papers,  Coloiiial,  p.  72. 

(1)  Transcript:  New  York  Public  Library,  Baucruft  Papers,  II,  54*-6o.s.    (2i  Photograph  in  the 
Library  of  Congress. 


204  INTRODUCTION  [1624/6-1626 


756.  James  I.  Proclamation  for  the  utter  prohibition  of  the  importation  and  use  of  all  tobacco, 
which  ie  not  of  the  proper  growth  of  the  colonies  of  Virginia  and  the  Sommer  Islands 
or  one  of  them.  BM. 

I  Me/:  Additional  MSS.,  12496,  fo.  461.     (Caesar  Papers.) 

Fub:   (1)  Hazard,  Historical  Collection,  I,  224-230.     (2)   Rymer,  Foedera,  XVII,  668- 
672. 

1625  6 


757.     Privy  Council.     Commission  to  George  Yeardley  to  exercise  government  as  fully  as  any  gov- 
ernor in  the  past  five  years.  PRO. 
1.           Ref:  Colonial  Entry  Book,  Vol.  79,  pp.  248-256. 

Pitt.-  (1)  Hazard,  Histoncal  Collection,  I,  230-234.     (2)  Rymer,  Foedera,  XVIII,  311. 
(3)  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  77. 

1625 

APRH.  (?) 

758.*  Virginia  Company.  "Discourse  of  the  Old  Company."  Answer  to  the  Privy  Council, 
requesting  a  new  patent  with  the  old  privileges  and  liberties,  and  reviewing  the  history 
since  1606.  PRO.     [N  Y] 

HI.       Ref:  State  Papers,  Colonial,  James  I,  Vol.  Ill,  No.  40. 

Pub:  (1)    Virginia  Mag.  of  Hist.,  I,  155-167;   287-309.      (2)  Sainsbury,   Calendar  of 
State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  73. 

Transcript  New  York  Public  Library,  Bancroft  Papers,  III,  1-133. 

MAY 

769.*  "Extracts  of  all  y'  titles  &  estates  of  land"  sent  home  by  S'  Francis  VVyatt  (when  he  returned 

for  England)  vnto  the  L'  of  his  Priuy  Councell  according  vnto  their  Order  in  their  letter 

dated  at  Salsbury.     W.  Claibourne."  (1)  &  (2)  LC 

IV.        Ref:  (1 )  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  i>t.  ii,  pp.  71-75.     (2)  Virginia  Records,  1606-1692, 

pp.  84-91. 

MAY  13 

760.     Charles  I.     A  proclamation  settling  the  plantation  of  Virginia.  PRO. 

I.  Ref:  Proclamation,  Charles  I,  No.  10. 

Pub:  (1)  Hazard,  Historical  Collection,  I,  203-205.     (2)  Rymer,  Foedera,  XVIII,  72. 

jxnnE  15 

761.*  Council  in  Virg'inia.     Letter  to  the  "Right  Honorb'*  the  Lord  of  his  Ma""  moste  Honorb'' 

Priuy  Councell,"  concerning  property  of  John  Pountis,  punishmentof  Edward  Sharpies, 

and  the  sole  importation  of  tobacco.  (1)  LC.     (2)  PRO. 

IV.        Ref:  (1)  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  1,  pp.  14,  14".     (2)  State  Papers,  Colonial, 

James  I,  Vol.  Ill,  No.  41. 

Pitt;  (1)  Calendar:   Virginia  Mag.  of  Hist.,  VII,  134-136.      (2)  Sainsbury,  Calendar 

of  Stale  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  74. 

762.*     .     Letter  to  "the  right  Honobtt,  the  Lords  and  other  his  Ma""  Commi-ssioners  for  y" 

affayers  of  Virginia,"  concerning  the  establishment  of  a  new  government  and  the  con- 
dition of  the  Colony,  defending  it  from  evil  reports.  LC. 
IV.        Ref:  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  i,  pp.  12-13a. 


[1625/6-1626  L18T  OF  THE  RECORDS  205 

1625  6 

JAirUAEY  4 

763.*  Governor  and  Council  in  Virginia.     Letter  to  the  Royal  Commissioners  for  the  affairs  of 
Virginia.  (1)  LC.     (-')  PRO. 

IV.        Jief:  (1)  MS.  Rec.  Virginia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  pp.  68,69.     (2)  State  Papers,  Colonial, 
James  I,  Vol.  IV,  No.  1. 
Pub:  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  Staie  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  77. 

1626 

APRIL  6 

764.*  Governor  and  Council  in  Virg'inia.     Letter  to  "the  right  Honor™  the  Lofs  of  his  Ma""  most 
HoaorabT  Priuy  Counsell."  LC. 

IV.        Ref:  (1)  MS.  Rec.  Virgmia  Co.,  Ill,  pt.  ii,  pp.  69-70.     (2j  State  Papers,  Colonial, 
James  I,  Vol.  IV,  No.  9. 
Pub:  (1)  Massachusetts    Historical     Society    Collection,    fourth    series,    IX,   74-Sl. 
(2)  Sainsbury,  Calendar  of  State  Papers,  Colonial,  p.  79. 
D.  S. 


AWicnIla  rt  CCnrrigpnha 

39.     Omit:  "Pitb:   Va.  Mag.  of  Hist.,  IV,  28-29." 

40".  Add,  following  No.  40  under  date  of  June  9: 
Governor  Argall.     A  letter. 
IV.        Hef:  (1)  Misc.  Papers,  1606-1683,  quarto.     (.Abstract  only.)     (2)  MS.  Coll.  Va.  Hiat. 
Soc,  John  Randolph  MSS.,  III. 
Pub:   Va.  Mag.  of  Hist.,  IV,  28. 

43-48,  50-52,  55-57.     Bef:  Change  to:  See  under  No.  39. 

64.  Change  note  to:  See  No.  39,  Remarks. 

65.  Ref:  Omit:  "  (Abstract  only)".     Add:  (2)  MS.  Coll.  Va.  Hiat.  Soc,  John  Randolph  MSS.,  III. 
Fub:  Add:    Va.  Mag.  of  Hist.,  IV,  29. 

Change  note  to:  See  No.  39,  Remarks. 

67,  74,  75.  Change  note  to:  See  No.  39,  Remarks. 

78.     Ref:  Change  to:  See  under  No.  71. 
Pub:  Change  to:  See  under  No.  71. 

108".   Add,  following  No.  108  under  date  of  May  2.'5: 
James  I.     Proclamation  concerning  tobacco. 

Pub:  Referred  to  only  in  Rymer,  Foedera,  17,  191. 

137«.   Add,  following  No.  137  under  date  of  November  10: 
James  I.     Proclamation  concerning  tobacco. 

Pub:  Referred  to  only  in  Rymer,  Foedera,  17,  191. 

167.     Ref:  Change  to:  (1)   Privy  Council  Register,  James  I,  Vol.  IV,  p.  471. 

167".   Add,  following  No.  167  under  date  of  .\pril  7: 

James  I.     Proclamation  concerning  the  garbling  of  tobacco. 
Pub:  Rymer,  Foedera,  17,  191. 

184.     Pub:  Add,  Rymer,  Foedera,  17,  23.3. 

511.     Change  to:  For  the  petition  formulated,  see  ante  No.  481. 


206 


\. 


WobU  of  lExplmtatuinH 

~  over  a  word  indicates  a  contraction  or  an  omission  of  letters. 

*****  indicate  an  unintelligible  word  or  part  of  a  word  in  the 
manuscript,  there  being  approximately  as  many  asterisks  as  letters  in 
the  word. 

[  ]  inclose  words  or  letters  which  are  doubtful  in  the  manu- 
script; also,  in  a  few  instances,  inclose  words  or  letters  reduplicated 
in  the  manuscript. 

[  ]  inclosing  words  in  italics  indicate  explanations  by  the 
editor;  also,  in  a  few  instances,  italics  indicate  letters  supplied  by 
the  editor  to  complete  a  word. 

A  line  drawn  through  a  word  or  a  part  of  a  word  indicates  a  word 
or  letters  canceled  in  the  manuscript. 

II         II  inclose  words  interlined  in  the  manuscript  by  the  reviewer. 

§         §  inclose  words  interlined  in  the  manuscript  by  the  copyist. 

indicates  words  underlined  in  the  manuscript. 

SIGNS   AND   ABBREVIATIONS. 

con  indicates  tion. 

Co'''  indicates  Court. 

C"  indicates  etc. 

tre,  tres  indicate  letter,  letters. 

"  indicates  pound. 

11%  EliS,  Lo  indicate  Lords,  Lord. 

Lo^".  EL'"  mdicate  Lordships. 

M*%  Ma"^  indicate  Majesty's,  Majesty. 

o',  yo"'  indicate  our,  your. 

p  indicates  per,  par,  e.  g.  pvse  (peruse) . 

p  indicates  pro. 

16455— VOL  1—06 14  207 


208  TABLE  OF  CONTENTS 

p!  indicates  pre,  pri,  e.  g.  pluately  (privately) . 
q,  indicates  que. 
Tfer,  Thfer  indicate  Treasurer, 
w"  indicates  weight. 

9   indicates  omission   of    final   letters   or   syllable,    e.   g.   man^ 
(manner) . 

C  indicates  final  es  or  et,  e.  g.  hand?  (handes). 


THE   COURT   BOOK 

VOLUME  1,  1619-1622 


209 


Hirginia  Company  nf  ffiouiunn 


38  APKILL,  1619 

A  Quarter  Court  held  for  Virginia 

AT  S"  Thomas  Sivhths  howse  in  Philpott 

Lane  28  of  Apr"  1619  Present 

Right  hono:'^ 

The  Eai'le  Southampton. 
The  Earle  of  Warwick. 
The  Lo:  Cauendish. 
The  Lo :  Pagett. 
Generall  Cecill. 


S--  Thomas  Smith  kn' 
S'  Edwin  Sandis. 
S''  lohn  Dauers. 
S"'  lohn  Merrick. 
S'  Dudley  Diggs. 
S'  Nicholas  Tufton. 
S''  Samuell  Sandis. 
S''  Henry  Rainsford. 
S""  Robt  Wayneman. 
S'Tho:  Cheeke. 


Thfer. 
S'"  Nath.  Rich. 
S'  lo:  Wolstenholme. 
S^  W"'  Russell. 
S^Tho:  Wilford. 
m'  Aldfan  lohnson. 
m'  Morrice  Abott. 
m''  Thomas  Gibbs. 
m''  Thomas  Stiles. 
m^  W°^  Green  well. 


yaJ  W"  Bell. 

m'  Humfry  Handford. 

m'"Rich:  Rogers. 

nV  lohn  fferrar. 

m'  Clitheroe. 

m""  Caning. 

m^  Ditehfeild.     C^ 


The  last  Court  referi'ing  the  duty  appertayning  to  every  perticuler 
Of6.ce  to  be  considered  and  prepared  against  the  Quarter  Court  by  a 
select  Comittee,  they  haue  therein  taken  extraordinary  paiues :  And 

211 


212  RECORDS  OF  TEE  VIRGimA  COMPANY 

according  as  they  were  desii'ed  haue  attended  the  ff  and  receaued  theii* 
approbacon  of  the  orders  by  them  concerned :  W''  orders  were  now 
presented  to  the  Court ;  where  after  they  were  twice  read,  (being  putt 
to  the  question)  they  were  confirmed  by  a  Grenerall  ereccon  of  handC.^ 

This  Quarter  Court  according  to  the  Lfes  Pattents  being  chiefly 
ordayned  for  the  eleccon  of  Officers :  M'  Tf er  desh-ed  the  Court  that 
before  he  left  his  place,  he  might  acquaynt  them  w"'  two  messages 
Lately  rec  from  the  King:  The  one  was,  that  he  receaued  a  tre  from 
m''  Secretarie  Caluert  that  his  Ma"®  had  sent  a  man  vp  suspected 
for  Deere  stealing,  to  be  transported  for  Vu'ginia;  and  vnderstanding 
that  M''  lohu  fferrar  had  a  shipp  shortly  to  goe  thither,  ||  desired  ||  that 
his  Ma"  resolueon  might  be  fvilfilled  therein.  The  other  was,  that 
this  morning  there  came  a  messenger  of  the  Chamber  to  vnder- 
stand  of  the  welfare  of  the  Plantation,  his  Ma'*'  hauing  heard  that 
a  Shipp  was  come  from  thence:  And  so  desired  the  Court  to 
proceed  to  the  choice  of  their  Officers,  signifying  that  for  these 
Twelue  yeares  he  hath  willingly  spent  his  Labo''s  and  endeauo"  for 
the  support  thereof:  and  being  now  appointed  by  the  Kinge  a 
Comissione''  of  his  Nauie  he  could  not  giue  such  good  attend- 
ance as  he  therein  desired.  Requesting  the  Court  to  shewe  hini 
so  much  fauo"'  as  now  ||  to  ||  dispence  with  him,  and  to  elect  [2] 
some  worthy  man  in  his  place,  for  he  had  resolued  to  relinquish  it, 
and  therefore  desired  that  two  requests  might  be  graunted  him  for  all 
his  service  done  vnto  them,  ffirst  that  he  may  ||  might  ||  haue  their 
good  report  according  as  he  hath  deserued :  And  secondly  that  his 
account  might  be  w""  all  speed  audited,  that  before  he  dyes,  he  might 
see  the  same  cleered,  and  receiue  his  Quietus  est  vnder  the  Companies 
scale.  W*"  the  Co"''  finding  his  resolueon  to  be  settled,  and  that  he 
would  not  stand  in  eleccon;  they  proceeded  according  to  the  Last 
Standing  order  now  read,  to  make  choice  of  their  Treasuro"'  S"'  Edwin 
Sandis,  S''  lohn  Wolstenholme  and  m''  Aldfan  lohnson  being  nomi- 
nated and  accordingly  ballated,  the  Lott  fell  to  S'  Edwin  Sandis  to 
be  Tf  er,  he  hauing  59  balls.  Sir  lo :  Wolstenholme :  23 :  and  Aldfan 
lohnson:  18:  wherevpon  his  oath  was  administred.^ 

'  For  a  draft  of  this  report  see  List  of  Records,  No.  105,  page  133  anle. 

'  For  liocumenta  relating  to  this  election  see  List  of  Records,  Nos.  108  and  170,  pages  133  and  140,  anU. 


APRIL  38,  1619 


213 


Proceeding  to  the  eleccon  of  the  Defjuty ,  there  was  nominated  m"^  Alder 
lohnson,  m"'  Xofer  Cletheroe,  and  m''  lohn  fferrar,  who  being  bal- 
loted m"^  lohn  fferrar  was  elected  Deputy  for  the  ensuing  yeare  by 
hauing  52  balls,  m"  Aldfan  lohnson  29,  and  m'  Christopher  Cle- 
theroe ten;  vpon  w'^''  the  said  m''  lohn  fferrar  had  his  Oath  giuen. 

Next  the  Court  proceeded  to  the  eleccon  of  the  Comittees,  w'^"  was 
performed  according  to  the  Standing  order  now  read,  one  fourth  part 
being  nowe  elected,  and  the  rest  by  ereccon  of  hands  confii-med. 
Their  names  be  these, 


m"'  Raphe  Gore. 

m^Edw:  Ditchfield. 

m'  Caswell. 

m'  W""  Caninge. 

m'  Geo:  Smith. 

m''  Paulson. 

m^  W"  Palmer. 

m"'  Dan :  Darnelly. 

m"'  Keightley 

m'  W"  Essington. 

m'  Ri :  Morer. 

m'  Chambers 

m'Tho.  Wheatley. 

m''  Berblock. 

m'  Wiseman, 
m"'  Barnard 

In  like  sort  for  Auditors  the  Court  now  haue  made  choice  for  the  suc- 
ceeding yeare  of  S"'  lo:  Dauers,  m''  lo:  Wroth,  m'  Essington,  m''  lo: 
fferrar,  m""  Briggs,  m''  Wiseman  and  m'  Chambers,  who  taking  their 
Oaths,  all  saue  m"  lohn  Wroth  who  was  absent,  they  or  any  three  of 
them  were  desired  to  bestowe  some  extraordinary  jjaines  in  the  expe- 
diting of  the  Acc°  w"''  they  haue  promised  to  performe. 


Valentine  Markham  Bookeeper 
William  Webb  Husband 
ffrancis  Carter  the  Officer  C 
Henry  ffotherby  Secretary 


Was  confirmed  in  their  former 
places  and  tooke  each  of  them  the 
same  Oath. 


Vpon  the  absence  of  S"  Tho :  Smith  the  Court  was  moued  by  S''  Edwin 
Sandis  now  Treasuror,  that  in  consideraeon  of  the  greate  trouble  [3] 
mixed  often  with  much  sorrowe  w'^''  S"'  Thomas  Smith  had  endured, 
during  the  terme  of  Twelue  yeares  past  from  the  very  infancy  of  the 
Plantacon  vnto  this  present,  and  had  now  surrendred  yp  his  place 
at  such  time  as  (by  the  blessing  of  God)  there  was  hope  that  the 
Action  might  Droceed  and  prosper  if  it  were  followed  w""  care  and 


214  RECORDS  OF  THE  YIRGINIA  COMPANY 

industry  reqiiisite  for  soe  greate  a  busines;  That  therefore  in  some 
sort  according  to  theu'  abillities,  it  were  fitting  to  express  theh'  thank- 
fullnes  for  his  good  endeaiiours  in  conferring  Twenty  shares  vpon 
him:  w'*"  being  put  to  the  question,  it  was  agi'eed  he  should  haue 
Twenty  greate  shares  and  was  confirmed  vnto  him  by  a  Generall 
ereccon  of  handes. 

This  Court  was  acquaynted,  that  the  Lord  of  Salisbury  desired  the 
admittance  of  Captaine  ^  Brett   into  this  ffellowshipp,  and  to 

that  end  his  Lo^  hath  giuen  him  Two  of  his  shares  in  Virginia, 
requesting  that  he  might  be  suffered  to  sitt  in  the  CourtC,  and  as 
occasion  serueth  to  sollicite  his  busines.  W''  the  Court  hath  willingly 
graunted  vnto  him,  so  as  the  same  be  donne  according  to  the  orders 
of  the  Company. 

Vpon  the  request  of  Captaine  Daniell  Tucker  for  this  Court  to  con- 
ferr  20  shares  vpon  him  for  his  fiue  yeares  service  spent  in  Virginia, 
aswell  for  his  personall  Adventure,  as  for  the  severall  Ofiices  and 
eminent  places  w''*'  there  he  held  and  executed,  as  namely,  Capemer- 
chant,  Prouant  M',  one  of  the  Counsell,  Truck  M'  and  Viceadmirall, 
wherein  by  reason  of  shortnes  of  time,  was  now  referred  to  the  Gen- 
erall  Comittee  to  giue  him  reward  as  they  shall  thinke  fitt. 

'  A  blank  space  in  the  manuscript. 


MAY  IS,  1619 


215 


MAY  THE  12">  1619 


A  Court  held  for  Virginia  at  Mr.  Ferrars 
HowsE  IN  St.  Sithes  Lane,  Being  Present 

The  Right  ho"^  The  Earle  of  Southampton. 
The  Earle  of  Warwick. 


S'  Edwin  Sandis  Kn'  Tfer. 

S'  Dudley  Diggs. 

S'  lo:  Dauers. 

S'Hen:  Rainsford. 

S''  Edward  Harwood. 

S'Nath:  Rich. 

S"'  lo :  Wolstenholme. 

S'Tho:  Wroth. 

S^Tho:  Wilford. 

m''  lohn  Wroth. 


m'  lo:  fferrar  Dpty. 
m''  Thorpe, 
m''  Tomlins. 
m'  D'  Gulston. 
m''  Oxenbrigg. 
ni''  Tho  Gibbs. 
m''  Rogei's. 
m''  Nich"  fferrar. 
m"^  Gabriell  Barbor. 


m^  Wheatly. 
m''  Swinhowe 
m''  Chambers, 
m""  Hen.  Briggs. 
m""  Berblock. 
m'  Geo :  Smith 
m'  Meuerell,  etc. 


It  was  propounded  by  mr.  Tfer  that  for  as  much  as  there  hath  beene 
heretofore  two  seuerall  Comittees  appointed  by  the  Court ;  The  first 
for  making  of  Orders  for  the  Company,  &  for  matter  of  Graunts  and 
Pattents  of  Land ;  And  [4]  the  other  for  the  setting  downe  the  duty 
of  euery  perticuler  Office,  that  therefore  whither  they  thought  it  not 
expedient,  that  there  should  be  a  third  Comittee  appointed  to  take  the 
labo"  of  both  the  former  Comittees  into  consideracon,  who  by  adding 
them  together,  and  supplying  what  may  seeme  defectiue,  may  reduce 
them  into  one  entire  body  to  be  presented  to  the  next  Quarter  Court 
for  confirmacon  if  they  shall  see  cause.  W"''  Proposicon  the  Court 
haue  condiseended  vuto,  and  to  that  end  haue  desired 

S'  Dudley  Diggs.  S'  lohn  Wolstenholme. 

S'  Edward  Harwood.  m''  Alder  lohnson  & 

S'  Nath :  Rich.  m^  lohn  Wroth, 

to  meete  vpon  ffriday  seavenight  being  the  21'"  of  this  instant  at  S' 
Edwin  Sandis  howse  at  seauen  of  the  Clock  in  the  morning. 


216  EECORDS  OF  THE  VIRGmiA  COMPANY 

Mr.  Treasurers  second  Proposicon  was,  that  there  might  be  another 
Comittee  for  the  constituting  of  Lawes  and  setling  of  a  forme  of  Gov- 
ernem'  ouer  all  Virginia,  appointing  Magistrates  and  Officers  there - 
vnto,  and  expressing  their  seuerall  dueties :  w*"''  the  Court  generally 
did  very  well  approue  of  and  haue  nominated  the  former  Comittee, 
and  licenced  any  of  the  Counsell  to  repair  vnto  them,  and  to  haue 
their  voice,  and  haue  added  of  the  Company  to  be  assisting  S"'  Thomas 
Wroth,  m''  Thomas  Gibbs,  m''  D"'  Gulson,  Captaine  Bingham,  m''  W™ 
Essington,  m'' Edward  Ditchfield,  m''  Thomas  Kightley ,  m''  W™  Caninge, 
m''  Henry  Briggs  and  mr.  Thomas  Wheatley  to  meet  at  the  same  time 
and   place  vpon  ffriday  ffoartenight  being  the  28"^  of  this  instant. 

Mr.  Thfer  intimated  to  the  Court,  that  whereas  S''  Thomas  Smith  at 
the  resigning  vp  his  place  should  report  that  there  was  — 4000"  for 
the  new  Treasure "■  to  enter  vpon,  he  now  signified  that  it  was  true  if 
the  Lotteries  were  dissolued  and  the  account  giuen  vp :  but  in  the 
interim  there  resteth  but  One  thousand  poundes  in  Cash  the  rest  in 
Stock  remayning  in  the  hands  of  him  that  hath  the  managing  of  the 
busines,  and  out  of  this  there  is  debts  to  pay,  and  w''*'  shortly  wilbe  due 
to  pay  the  some  of — 3700" — viz"  old  poun  debts  of  Ten  yeares  old  1800" — 
and  att  the  returne  of  the  Shipps  S'  Geo:  Yeardley  went  in,  and  the 
other  wherein  the  Children  was  transported  will  amount  to — 1148" — 
as  also  700" — w''''  is  owing  to  the  Colleccon  mony,  w*""  by  warrant  hath 
beene  yssued  out  for  the  vse  of  the  Company ;  And  therefore  it  was 
putt  to  the  question  whither  the  Stock  remayning  should  goe  or  not 
to  the  payment  of  the  Companies  debts,  w'^'^was  by  ereccon  of  handC 
allowed  that  it  should.  And  further, agreed  that  the  remaynder 
should  be  employed  either  in  sending  men  to  the  Publique  Land  to 
rayse  benefitt  that  wayes  or  in  transporting  of  Cattle,  w"''  hereafter 
may  seeme  fittest. 

And  forasmuch  as  there  is  now  remayning  in  the  hands  of  Gabriell 
Barbor  much  old  plate  w'^''  if  the  Lottaries  were  finished,  the  Com- 
pany thereby  should  sustayne  great  Losse:  It  was  therefore  now 
oi-dered  (vnlesse  some  can  giue  iust  informacon  of  any  perticu- 
ler  abuse)  that  the  same  shall  continue  to  be  drawne  out  till 
the  last  of  Nouember  next  ensuing  &  then  to  cease  and  determine.    [5] 


MAY  12,  1619  217 

And  forasmuch  as  S'  Thos.  Smith  is  very  importunate  for  the  speedy 
auditing  of  his  Acc°  and  to  that  end  hath  desired  some  others  to  be 
associated  vnto  the  Audito"  namely,  m''  Morris  Abbott,  m''  Humph: 
Handford,  and  m'  Anthony  Ahdy:  It  is  therefore  ordered,  that  if  he 
so  please  these  three  shalbe  annexed  vnto  them,  either  as  Audito"  or 
as  assistants  to  see  the  passage  of  the  busiues,  that  W  Thomas  Smith 
haue  noe  wrong:  but  if  it  be  his  pleasure  to  allowe  of  them  to  be 
Audito'',  then  the  next  Quarter  Court  they  to  take  their  Oaths  for  the 
preventing  of  all  partiallity,  and  m''  Thomas  Keightly  is  also  chosen  to 
be  associated  to  the  Audito''''  and  to  take  his  oath.  And  in  asmuch  as 
the  great  paines  allready  spent  by  the  Audito"'^  hath  gayned  to  them 
selues  a  more  perfect  vnderstanding  than  those  w'^''  shall  newly  enter 
cann  be  capable  of.  Therefore  it  was  moued  that  Three  of  the  old 
Audito'"  might  be  of  the  Coram,  and  that  nothing  should  be  concluded 
w'^'out  two  at  least  of  their  consents ;  W''  Proposicon  was  well  allowed, 
and  mr.  Thfer,  S'  lo :  Dauers  and  mr.  Wroth  being  thereto  nominated, 
and  put  to  the  qviestion,  it  was  by  ereccon  of  hand^  confirmed. 

Captaine  Brewster  hauing  formerly  by  way  of  appeale  deliuered  vnto 
the  Court  a  certaiue  writing  touching  the  proceedings  of  Captaine 
Samuell  Argoll  against  him  at  the  arriual  of  the  Neptune  in  Virginia, 
and  the  manner  of  his  tryall,  and  being  at  this  Court  ready  to  mayn- 
tayne  the  same,  and  to  obiect  other  grievances  against  him,  he  was 
wished  rather  to  f orbeare  till  the  said  Captaine  Ai-goll  were  p''sent : 
and  in  the  interim  haue  thought  it  convenient  to  deliuer  vnto  the  said 
Captaine  Ai'goll  a  coppy  of  the  said  writing  of  Appeale  to  make  answere 
vnto  the  same,  and  haue  appointed  him  to  jnit  in  his  other  Articles 
vpon  ffriday  morning  next  to  m''  Thfer  and  m"'  Deputy  to  be  by  them 
pervsed  and  deliuered  into  the  next  Co''',  and  the  next  Quarter  Court 
to  heare  the  Appeale. 

Lieftenant  Stokes  made  reqviest  vnto  the  Coui't,  that  they  would  please 
in  reguard  of  the  Adventure  of  his  person  and  his  Long  time  spent  in 
Virginia  to  bestowe  some  Land  vpon  him  there  for  the  same ;  w*^**  they 
found  to  be  now  noe  convenient  time  for  that  purpose ;  but  if  at  y"  next 
Q'  Court  he  procure  it  to  be  moued  for  him,  that  Court  will  take  thereof 
due  consideracon. 


218 


RECORDS  OF  THE  VIROTNIA  COMPANY 


MAY  THE 


1619 


S^  Edwin  Sandis  Kn'  Thfer. 
S''  Edward  Harwood.         m"'  Nich:  fferrar. 
S''  lo:  Dauers.  m'"  Berblock. 

m'  lo:  fferrar  Dpt.  m""  Hen:  Briggs. 

m'' Geo :  Thorpe.  m'' Wiseman. 


m"'  Geo :  Smith, 
m"^  Bland, 
m''  Caswell, 
m""  Sparrowe. 


A  Comission  was  now  sealed  to  lohn  lohnson  M''  of  the  Bona  Nona 
for  to  take  his  passage  from  hence  in  that  shipp  to  Virginia.     [6] 

Letters  procured  from  the  Lordes  of  the  Counsell  to  the  Company 
of  Grocers  and  signed  by  Pembi'ooke,  Southampton,  Exeter,  Zouch, 
Carey  and  Digby  was  now  sealed  and  referred  to  mr.  Deputy  fferrar 
to  deliuer  it  to  the  said  Company. 

Notice  being  giuen  of  a  new  Pattent  which  one  ^  Sumerscales  was 

about  to  take   about  ^Tobacco:    the  Co'''  desired   m''  Thfer  to 

speake  w'^  m''  Atturney  generall,  and  to  learne  whither  the  same  be 
any  way  preiudiciall  to  the  Company  or  not. 


MAY  THE  set"  1619 

Present 

Generall  Csesill. 

m^Tho:  Gibbs. 

m^  W"  Palmer 

S'Edw:  Sandis. 

Capt.  N :  Butler. 

m''  Swinhowe. 

S''  lo:  Wolstenholme. 

m"^  Oxenbrigg. 

m""  Berblock. 

S'Tho:  Wroth. 

m"'  Rogers. 

m^  Conell. 

m'  Alder  lohnson. 

m'  Tho:  Caiion. 

m"'  Meuerell. 

m'lo:  Wroth. 

m''  Essington. 

m'  Caswell. 

m'  lo :  fferrar  Dpt. 

m'  H:  Briggs. 

m"'  Roberts  etc 

It  was  made  knowne  by  m'  Treasurer,  that  the  two  Comittees  appointed 
by  the  last  Court  for  the  reducing  of  the  Standing  orders  into  one 
entire  body,  and  for  setling  a  forme  of  governement,  and  magistracy 

•A  blank  space  iu  the  manuscript. 


MA  Y  26,  1619  219 

in  Virginia:  The  first  haue  mett  as  they  were  desired,  and  at  the  next 
meeting  hope  to  make  an  end,  &  present  them  to  the  Quarter  Court 
ensuing :  ffor  performance  thereof  haue  desired  further  reference  of 
the  second  Comittee  till  ffriday  after  this  Quarter  Com-t,  because 
being  a  busines  very  waighty,  it  can  not  so  soone  be  well  digested ; 
but  they  will  prepare  and  make  them  ready  for  the  approbacon  of  a 
Quarter  Court  in  Michaelmas  terme. 

The  busines  formerly  putt  to  arbitrement,  and  referred  by  the  Com- 
pany and  the  Lady  Lawarre  vnto  mr.  Thomas  Simonds  and  m' 
Thomas  Westrowe  touching  the  fraight  of  the  Neptune,  and  the  Ace" 
of  Rich :  Beomonnt  m"'  and  Part -Owner  being  concluded  by  the  Ai-bi- 
trato",  and  the  perticulers  now  read,  receivied  the  confirmacon  of  the 
Court:  Vpon  w"*"  m'  Thfer  paid  the  mony,  and  tooke  in  the  Charter 
party. 

Captaine  Brewster  hauing  deliuered  Articles  obiected  against  Captaine 
Samuell  Ai-goll  touching  his  governement  in  Virginia,  to  m'  Treasuror 
and  m'  Deputy,  as  the  Last  Court  required,  the  same  was  now  pre- 
sented :  Vnto  w'^''  order  is  giuen  that  Captaine  Ai-goll  haue  a  coppie 
of  them,  as  also  of  the  writing  of  Appeale  formerly  deliuered  in  that 
he  make  answere  therevnto :  And  also  that  the  said  Ca])taine  Samuell 
Ai-goll  (against  the  next  Quarter  Court)  be  warned  to  bring  in  his 
writt  of  discharge. 

The  Last  Court  wherein  m'  Thfer  was  desired  to  repaire  to  m"'  Atturny 
Generall  to  learne  the  Contents  of  a  Pattent  w""*"  should  be  graunted  [7] 
to  one  Sumerscales  about  Tobacco.  He  now  acquaynted  them  that  he 
had  performed  that  trust,  and  findeth  it  to  be  very  preiudiciall  to  this 
Company,  if  the  same  should  jjasse  thei-efore  advised  that  there  might 
forthw'*'  be  a  course  taken  for  to  prevent  and  stopp  the  pi'oceeding  of 
it:  w''''  being  taken  into  consideracon,  the  Court  haue  desired  m'  Tfer 
to  goe  againe  to  m'  Atturney  Generall  and  to  take  some  more  paines 
for  to  hinder  the  going  forward  of  the  same,  and  haue  associated  to 
goe  along  w"'  him  Genei-all  Cecill,  S'  lo:  Wolstenholme,  m'  Alder 
lohnson  and  m'  lohn  Wroth  to  morrowe  morning  at  seauen  of  the 
Clock,  and  if  they  faile  of  doing  good  therein,  it  is  agreed,  that  the 


220  RECORDS  OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

Counsell  shalbe  assembled  to  take  such  further  course  therein  as  shall 
seeme  requisite  m"^  W"  Palmer  was  desired  to  write  to  m"^  Sumerscales 
to  meete  them  at  that  hower  at  m"^  Atturnies. 

It  was  also  by  m''  Tfer  propounded  to  the  Co'''  as  a  thing  most  worthy 
to  be  taken  into  consideracon  both  for  the  glory  of  God,  and  bono'  of 
the  Company,  that  forasmuch  as  the  King  in  his  most  gracious  fauo"' 
hath  graunted  his  la-es  to  the  seuerall  Bishops  of  this  Kingdome  for 
the  collecting  of  monies  to  erect  and  build  a  Colledge  in  Virginia  for 
the  trayning  and  bringing  vp  of  Infidells  children  to  the  true  knowl- 
edge of  God  &  vnderstanding  of  righteousnes.  And  considering 
what  publique  notice  may  be  taken  in  f oreslowing  to  sett  forward  the 
accon,  especially  of  all  those  w*^*"  hath  contributed  to  the  same,  that 
therefore  to  begin  that  pious  worke,  there  is  allready  towards  it 
— 1500", — or  thereabouts,  whereof  remayning  in  cash  800'',  the  rest  is 
to  be  answered  out  of  the  Stock  of  the  Generall  Company  for  so  much 
w''*'  they  borrowed,  besides  the  likelihood  of  more  to  come  in ;  ffor 
m'  Treasuro''  hauing  some  conference  w'**  the  Bishop  of  Lichfield,  he 
hath  not  heard  of  any  Colleccon  that  hath  beene  for  that  busines  in 
his  Diocese ;  but  promiseth  when  he  hath  a  warr'  therevuto  he  will  w"' 
all  dilligence  further  the  enterprize ;  Wherevpon  he  conceaued  it  the 
best  fittest;  that  as  yet  they  should  not  build  the  Colledge,  but 
rather  forbeare  a  while ;  and  begin  first  with  the  meanes  they  haue  to 
provide  and  settle  an  Annuall  revennue,  and  out  of  that  to  begin  the 
ereccon  of  the  said  Colledge :  And  for  the  performance  hereof  also 
moued,  that  a  certaine  peece  of  Land  be  Laid  out  at  Henrico  being 
the  place  formerly  resolued  of  w'^''  should  be  called  the  Colledge  Land, 
and  for  the  planting  of  the  same  send  presently  ffifty  good  persons  to 
be  seated  thereon  and  to  occupy  the  same  according  to  order,  and  to 
1 1  haue  1 1  halfe  the  benefitt  of  their  Labo'  and  the  other  halfe  to  goe  in 
setting  forward  the  worke,  and  for  mayntenance  of  the  Tuto"  & 
Schollers.  He  therefore  propounded  that  a  Shipp  might  be  prouided 
against  the  begining  of  August,  to  carry  those  ffifty  men  w""  their 
prouisions,  as  also  to  send  ffiftie  persons  more  to  the  Comon  Land  w'''' 
may  raise  a  Stock  for  the  paying  of  dueties  there  and  defraying  the 
Companies  charge  here,  and  to  send  provision  of  victualls  w"'  them  for 


MAY  26,  1619  221 

a  yeare :  And  for  the  defraying  the  charge  hereof  did  also  propound 
the  meanes;  first  for  the  Colledge  there  was  mony  in  Cash,  and  besides 
it  may  sane  the  loint  stock  the  sending  out  a  Shipp  this  yeare,  w"**  for 
4''  a  pound  they  will  bring  from  thence  all  their  Tobacco  w"*"  may  arise 
to  ffive  hundreth  pounds  besides  mony  that  may  come  in  otherwise  to 
[8]  helpe  to  beare  the  charge  of  the  voyage;  W''  Proposicon  was  well 
liked  but  the  time  and  season  not  allowed  of  all;  and  by  some 
obiected,  that  the  Generall  Plantacon  should  receaue  much  mony  if 
more  men  were  sent  ouer  soe  sodaynly  before  those  that  are  allready 
gone  haue  procured  wherew'^'all  to  subsist ;  as  also  being  a  matter  of 
greate  consequence  it  did  more  propperly  belong  to  the  deciding  of  a 
Quarter  Co"^:  but  the  former  reasons  being  answered;  and  being 
further  alleaged  if  it  were  till  then  prolonged  the  time  would  be  past 
for  their  provisions  of  beefe,  beere,  and  meate.  Wherevpon  after 
Long  arguing  and  disputing  thereof  it  was  agreed  to  be  putt  to  the 
question ;  W''  being  propounded  whether  a  shipp  should  be  sett  out 
to  carry  men  for  these  two  good  vses  and  be  sett  out  at  the  publique 
charge — (viz*)  w""  50  Passengers  for  the  Colledge  Land,  and  50  for 
the  Comon  Land,  it  was  by  generall  consent,  and  ereccon  of  hand? 
allowed  and  confirmed. 

One  m^  Weyncop  comended  to  the  Company  by  the  Earle  of  Lincolne 
intending  to  goe  in  person  to  Virginia,  and  there  to  plant  himself  e  and 
his  Associats  presented  his  Pattent  now  to  the  Co" ;  ^"^  was  referred 
to  the  Comittee  that  meeteth  vpon  ffriday  morning  at  m''  Treasuro" 
howse  to  consider  and  if  need  be  to  correct  the  same. 


222 


RECORDS  OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 


lUlVE  THE  VlJth,  1619. 

A  Peeparatiue  Court  held  for  the  Virginia 
Company  at  Mr.  Serrars  Howse  in  S^  Sithes  Lane. 


S'  Edwin  Sandis 
S''  lohn  Dauers. 
S'  Nath.  Ricli. 
m'  lo:  Wroth, 
m"'  fferrar  Dpt. 
m''  D""  Anthony. 
m'Tho:  Gibbs. 


Present 

Kn'  Thfer. 

ycl  Ri:  Tomlins. 
m'  Hen:  ReignoldC 
Capt  lo:  Bingham. 
Capt  lo:  Bargraiie. 
m''  Robt:  Smith. 
m'-Edw:  Ditchfield. 


m'  Hen :  Briggs. 
m''  fferrar  iunio'. 
m"^  Bamford. 
m''  Berblock. 
m"'  Caswell, 
m""  lad  wine  etc. 


The  standing  lawes  and  orders  formei-ly  allowed  and  confirmed  by 
diners  Quarter  Courts  touching  the  graunts  and  Pattents  of  Land, 
and  the  duty  appertayning  to  euery  perticuler  Office,  being  reduced 
by  a  Comittie  into  one  entire  body;  vnto  w''^  the  Counsell  being 
assembled,  haue  allowed  thereof,  and  being  now  presented  to  this 
Court,  was  red  for  the  preparing  them  for  the  confirmacon  of  the 
Quarter  Court  ensuing. 

Whereas  the  writt  of  Appeale  put  in  by  Captaine  Brewster  against 
Capt.  Samuell  Argoll  is  to  be  answered  at  the  next  Quarter  Court, 
w*'''  depends  more  vpon  matter  of  Lawe  then  fact :  and  being  a  [9] 
question  whither  Marshall  lawe  be  a  iustifiable  proceeding  in  such  a 
Crime,  Order  was  giuen  that  the  Lres  PattentC  might  be  ready  at  that 
time  to  collect  what  Light  they  can  touching  the  same. 

And  forasmuch  as  about  the  time  of  the  Graunt  of  the  first  Lres 
Pattents,  there  were  also  Instruccons  giuen  by  his  Ma*-'  vnder  the 
Priuy  scale  to  the  Treasuro''  and  Company  of  Virginia,  for  the  gov- 
erning of  the  Plantacon,  A  coppie  of  w''''  m''  Treasurer  hauing  now 


JUNE  7,  1619  223 

founde  in  the  Ancient  Court  Rowles  w"''  before  he  neuer  heard  of; 
And  inasmuch  as  they  are  to  be  proceeded  in  w"'  greate  care  and 
advise,  S''  Tho :  Smith  is  desired  (if  it  may  be)  to  send  in  the  Originalh 

A  peticon  was  preferred  by  Capt  Bargraue  touching  his  suite  com- 
enced  in  the  Chauncery  against  the  Adventure"  of  the  loint  stock,  was 
referred  to  a  Comittee,  viz  to  m"  Tomlins,  m'  Rogers,  m''  Bamford, 
m'  Briggs  m"  fferrar  lunio",  m""  Berbloek  or  any  three  of  them  to  meete 
at  this  place  to  morrow  at  two  of  the  Clock  in  the  Afternoone. 

By  order  of  Coin't,  vnder  the  Seale  of  the  Company  m'  Lott  Peere 
receiued  his  Quietus  est  for  his  imployment  in  the  ffiue  shillings  Lot- 
tery, by  two  seuerall  Ac(}ouut^,  and  had  paid  S'  Edwin  Saudis  Thfer 
for  the  foote  of  one  Ace" — 116 — 9 — 11 — and  for  the  foote  of  his  other 
Account— 34— 15— 8—. 

That  m'  Thfer  moue  the  Quarter  Court  to  take  order  for  the  paying 
of  prizes  in  the  Lottery. 

The  Audito''"  made  allowance  of  Twelue  single  shares  of  Twelue 
pounds  ten  shillings  apeece  belonging  to  sundry  Adventurers,  all  of 
them  being  passed  ouer  to  the  parties  herevnder  named 

John  Hodgson — 25"  passed  to  ft'rancis  Whitney  Esq''. 
lohn  Tauernor — 37" — 10°  to  Thomas  Shepherd  Merch'. 
Martins  Earle — 12 — 10  to  Nicho:  Buckeridge  Merch'. 

to  Richard  Boothbie  merchant. 

to  D'  Thomas  Winstonc. 

to  Hugh  Windham  jSIerch'. 

to  lohn  Tueker  Merchant. 
.  to  lohn  Strange. 
Capt  Edw:  Brewster  1  share  to  W'"  Cranmer  Merch'.     [10] 

16455— VOL  1—06 15 


D''  Lawrence  Bohun  fiue  shares  of  12  :  10  ; 
peece. 


224 


RECORDS  OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 


lUNE   IX*^    1619 

A  Quarter  Court  held  for  ViRomiA  at 
M"  Ferrars  howse  in  S"^  Sithes  Lane  Present 


The  Right  houo" 


Henry  Earle  of  Southampton. 
Robert  Earle  of  Warwick. 


The  Lo:  Cauendish. 
The  Lo :  Pagett. 
Generall  CeciU. 
m''  Treasuror. 
S'Tho:  Smith. 
S''  lo :  Merrick. 
S'  Dudley  Digges. 
S'  lo:  Dauers. 
S^Tho:  Gates. 
gr  ^ni  Thrickmorton. 
S^Nath:  Rich. 
S'  Antho :  Auger. 
S^  Tho :  Cheeke. 
S'  lo:  Sams. 
S''Io:  Wolstenholme. 
S^  W"  Russell. 
S^Tho:  Wilford. 


m''  Alder.  lohuson. 
m"'  lo:  Wroth, 
m''  Geo:  Sandis. 
m'  Morrice  Abbott, 
m"^  lo :  Ferrar  Dept. 
m^Tho:  Gibbs. 
m''Hen:  Reiguolds. 
m''Rich:  Tomlins. 
m"  George  Thorpe, 
m''  ||W"||  Oxenbrigg. 
D''  ffran:  Anthony. 
D^  Gulstone. 
W  ||Pi>Thomas||  Win- 

stone. 
Capt  Samuell  Argoll. 
Capt  Bargraue. 
Capt  Tucker. 
Capt  lo :  Bingham. 
Capt  Brewster. 
Capt  Whitner. 


Capt:  Na:  Butler. 

m'^Hum:  Handford. 

m'  W""  Bell. 

m''  Rich:  Rogers. 

m'  Antho:  Abdy. 

m''  W"  Essington. 

m''  W"  Caninge. 

m''  George  Swinhowe. 

m'  Steward. 

m''  fferrar  iunio'. 

m'  Ditchfield. 

m''  Hen :  Briggs. 

m''  Wiseman. 

m''  George  Chambers. 

m"^  Wheatly. 

m"^  Shepherd. 

m''  Cranmer. 

m'  Boothby. 

m""  Buckeridge. 

m''  Berblock. 

m'  W"  Palmer  etc. 


The  standing  lawes  and  orders  for  the  Company  being  reduced  by  the 
Comittee  into  an  entire  body,  and  by  them  presented  to  the  Counsell, 
who  approuing  of  them,  and  hauing  beene  afterward  read  to  the  Pre- 
paratiue  Co",  and  now  to  this  greate  and  generall  Co",  not  any  Lawe 
was  contradicted  saue  one,  the  Chapter  of  Audito'"  concerning  the  old 


JUNE  5,  1619  225 

Ace"  depending  in  Audita,  w"''  S'  Tho:  Smith  tooke  some  excepcons, 
that  three  or  fower  should  now  contradict  that  accoiint,  whereof  IG 
worthy  and  sufficient  men  allowed,  and  the  party  in  Court  that  writt 
the  same,  who  would  be  deposed  vpon  his  Oath  that  it  was  the  same 
then  made  and  written:  And  therefore  made  two  request?;  fli'st,  that 
this  Account  may  stand,  and  tho  Audito"  to  proceed  from  thence,  if 
noe  iust  excepcons  can  be  taken  against  it.  And  secondly  that  by 
reason  of  his  extraordinary  busines,  dishabillity  in  body,  and  he 
because  he  would  be  ready  to  answere  to  any  difficulty,  requested,  that 
the  Audite  might  be  kept  at  his  howse,  and  to  goe  forward  w""  the 
Ace"  of  the  Cashe,  w"""  he  onely  is  ingaged  for  and  noe  other ;  And 
what  damage  appeareth  hath  beene  done  to  the  Company  by  such 
Officers  as  he  trusted  he  will  satisfy  to  the  vttmost:  But  vpon  profes- 
sion that  the  said  lawe  was  not  to  preiudice  or  debarr  S""  Thomas 
Smith  from  the  benefitt  of  the  said  old  Accompte,  they  were  agreed 
to  be  putt  to  the  question:  W*"  being  done,  they  were  generally  con- 
firmed by  ereccon  of  handC. 

Afterward  vpon  the  exhibiting  of  a  writing  signed  by  ffower  of  the 
Auditors  in  answere  of  S''  Thomas  Smiths  mocon  touching  the  sayd 
Account ;  Sir  Thomas  Smith  vpon  pervsall  of  the  said  writing  and  to  giue 
all  men  satisf  accon,  gaue  his  consent  that  the  present  Audito''^should  pro  - 
ceed  w""  his  Account  from  the  beginning :  And  touching  the  keeping  of 
[11]  the  Avidite  at  Sir  Thomas  Smiths  howse  being  disliked  by  the 
Audito"''*,  and  obiected  by  some  of  them,  that  howsoeuer  they  might 
haue  vse  of  S''  Thomas  Smith,  yet  they  should^  have  more  vse  of  S' 
Edwin  Sandis  by  reason  of  his  experience  therein,  whose  busines  would 
not  permitt  him  to  come  so  farr.  W''  was  answered  by  S'  Thomas 
Smith,  that  others  might  be  found  to  haue  as  much  experience  in 
Accounts,  as  he,  and  be  more  fitter  in  reguard  of  his  grejite  busines :  Yet 
notw*standing  to  determine  this  Controuersy,  he  would  referr  him- 
selfe  to  the  most  voic?  of  the  Audito",  whither  they  would  be  willing  to 
meete  at  his  house  or  not.  The  mocon  being  well  liked,  it  was  ordered, 
that  the  seauen  Audito""  chosen  by  the  Quarter  Court  of  eleecon,  and 
fower  others  by  a  former  Court  annexed  vnto  them,  and  allowed  at 
this   (so  that  they  take  their  Oaths)   namely,  m"  Morris  Abbott, 

'Written  over  "would"  in  the  manuscript. 


226  RECORDS  OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

Wl  Humphrey  Handford,  m"  Antho:  Abdie  and  m"'  Thomas  Kightley 
doe  assemble  vpou  Muuday  morning  at  S'  Edwin  Sandis  about  the 
AccomptC,  and  there  to  appointe  the  time  and  place  of  meeting,  and 
to  adiourne  it  from  time  to  time  as  they  shall  see  cause. 

A  former  Act  of  Court  made  26'°  die  Maij ,  touching  the  setting  out  a 
shipj)  w*''  one  hundred  men  for  the  Colledge  and  publiqj  Land,  was 
now  agayne  propounded  by  m''  Thfer :  W''  being  putt  to  the  question, 
receiued  the  confirmacon  of  the  Court ;  and  agreed  that  the  said  shipp 
should  be  ready  to  sett  out  soone  after  the  middest  of  July  at  the  fur- 
thest, that  by  the  blessing  of  God  they  may  ariue  there  by  the  end  of 
October,  w''*'  is  the  fittest  and  seasonablest  time  for  men  to  doe  some 
busines. 

Captayne  Brewsters  appeale  against  Captaine  Samuell  Argoll  touch- 
ing his  condempnacon  in  Virginia  being  referred  to  the  hearing  of 
this  Court ;  and  now  questioned  by  the  said  Captaine  Brewster  whither 
he  were  Gouerno''  or  noe,  imagining  that  at  their  Landing  he  had 
receaued  his  writt  of  discharge ;  and  if  it  were  so  whether  he  dealt 
iustly,  proceeding  as  he  did  against  him  in  Marshall  Lawe,  being  onely 
in  case  of  muteny  and  rebellion  that  the  same  should  be  executed. 
Touching  the  point  whither  he  were  Gouerno"'  or  noe,  it  plainly 
appeared  by  a  Lre  sent  vnto  him  (w''^  the  said  Captaine  Argoll  now 
produced)  signed  by  some  of  the  Counsell  and  Company,  that  at  the 
Landing  of  the  Lo :  Lawarr  in  Virginia,  he  should  surrender  vp  his 
place ;  W''  seeing  it  pleased  god  to  take  his  Lo'"  Life  from  his  mortall 
body  before  he  Landed  there,  this  point  stood  cleere  that  he  remayned 
Gouerno',  in  statu  quo  prius.  ffor  the  other  point  whether  iustice 
were  executed  in  performing  his  try  all  by  Marshall  Lawe,  because  the 
Court  found  it  more  convenient  for  the  busines  to  be  more  priuately 
handled,  it  was  ordered,  that  the  Counsell  should  be  summoned  to 
meete  to  morrow  morning  at  my  Lo :  of  Warwickes  house  at  eight  of 
the  Clock  there  to  decide  the  business  and  report  to  the  Court. 

This  Court  taking  into  consideracon  the  worthynes  of  some  Noblemen 
and  others  now  present  by  giiiing  their  dilligent  attendance  from  time 
to  time  to  the  benefitt  and  furtherance  of  the  Plantacon,  as  namely 


JVNE  9,  1619  227 

the  Right  hono"''^  Robt  Earle  of  Warwick,  H'  Tho:  Cheeke,  S^  Nath: 
Rich,  m' John  fferrai-  deputy  and  Captaine  Nath :  Butler  haue  now  [12] 
made  choice  of  them  to  be  of  his  Ma"  Counsell  for  Virginia,  and  each 
of  them  being  putt  to  the  question  was  generally  ratified  by  ereccon 
of  handC,  and  are  appointed  to  ||attend||  my  Lo:  Chamberlaine  for  the 
taking  of  their  Oaths. 

The  request  of  diuers  of  the  Grenerallity  to  the  Tfer,  Coimsell  and 
Company  of  Virginia  being  presented  at  this  Court,  touching  the 
reforming  and  rectifying  of  the  Magazine  busines,  was  vpon  pervsall 
allowed  of,  and  being  putt  to  the  question  ratified  by  ereccon  of 
handC ;  W"''  jioints  are  these  that  folio  we, 

1.  Whereas  the  Director  of  the  Magazine  his  Assistants  and  other 
Officers  haue  vpon  the  first  eleccon  continued  now  in  their  places 
two  yeares  and  vp wards.  They  desire,  that  according  to  the  vse  of 
the  Officers  for  the  Company  they  may  be  chosen  anew  eucry  }eare, 
or  that  the  former  may  be  continued  in  their  places  by  a  new  eleceou 
yearely. 

2.  Whereas  the  Officers  of  the  Magazine  haue  promised  out  of  the 
good^  returned  from  Virginia  to  make  a  Devision  of  one  Capitall  vnto 
the  Adventurers  in  Aprill  last,  and  haue  not  yet  performed  it,  nor 
made  vp  any  Accounts  to  giue  the  Adventure"'"  satisfaccon,  They  desire 
that  they  may  be  required  by  the  Court  to  performe  their  promise 
imediately,  and  to  make  vp  their  Accounts  against  the  next  Court  day 
and  then  present  them  to  the  Court ;  And  that  the  Adventurers  may 
then  proceed  to  a  new  eleccon. 

3.  Thirdly  that  the  Officers  of  the  Magazine  as  well  those  that  are 
now,  as  those  that  shalbe  hereafter  may  take  their  Oaths  for  their 
iust  dealing,  and  trew  accompting  w"''  the  Company,  aswell  as  the 
Officers  of  the  Oenerall  Company  who  handle  not  so  greate  somes. 

4.  That  all  the  letters  written  from  the  officers  of  the  Magazine  to 
the  Capemerchant,  and  from  the  Capemerchant  to  them  may  be 
entred  in  a  booke  by  their  Secretary,  to  the  end  that  all  men  may 
be  satisfied  of  faire  dealings  and  proceedings. 


228  RECORDS  OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

5.  That  the  Assembly  for  the  Magazine  may  be  kept  when  &  where 
the  Courts  are  to  the  end  the  Adventurers  may  come  and  speake  their 
mindes  more  freely,  soe  farr  forth  as  they  shall  haue  reason. 

fforasmueh  as  it  appeared,  that  there  was  more  busines  to  be  per- 
formed then  this  Afteruoone  could  well  determine;  It  was  moued 
that  if  m''  Thfer  hereafter  shall  finde  the  like,  that  then  he  may  please 
to  giue  order  for  the  Company  to  meete  both  fforenoone  &  After - 
noone,  w"*"  was  referred  to  be  considered  of  by  the  Comittee  for  the 
Standing  orders. 

By  reason  it  grewe  late,  and  the  Coui't  ready  to  breake  vp, 
and  as  yet  m'  lohn  Whineops  Pattent  for  him  and  his  Asso- 
ciats  being  to  be  read,  it  was  ordered  that  the  scale  should 
be  annexed  vnto  it,  and  haue  referred  the  trust  thereof  vnto  the 
Auditors  to  examine  that  it  agree  w***  the  Originall;  w"""  if  it  doth 
not,  they  haue  promised  to  bring  it  into  the  Court  &  cancell  it.     [13] 

A  former  Comittee  appointed  concerning  Captaine  Bargraues  busi  - 
nes,  the  matter  being  found  difficult,  and  the  time  short.  The  Court 
vpon  another  peticon  preferred  by  Capt  Bargraue  haue  adioyned 
vnto  them  Generall  Cjesill,  S' Dudley  Diggs,  S'  Tho:  Cheeke,  S"'  lohn 
Dauers,  S"^  Nath :  Rich  to  meete  at  Generall  Caisills  howse  to  morrowe 
Afternoone  at  two  of  the  Clock;  And  that  m''  Aldfan  lohnson,  m' 
Essington  &  m'  Ditchfield  be  warned  to  be  there  at  that  time. 


JUNE  U,  1619 


229 


lUNE  THE    14"'   1619 


Present 

S^  Edwin  Sanclis  Kn' 

Threr. 

S^  Dudley  Diggs. 

Capt.  Bingham. 

m'  Chambers. 

S'  lo:  Dauers. 

Capt.  Bargraue. 

m'  Wheatley. 

S^Tho:  Gates. 

Capt.  Butler. 

m'  Shepherd. 

S^Nath.-Rich. 

Capt.  Brewster. 

m'  Kightley. 

S'  lo :  Samms. 

m'  D'  Anthony. 

m"^  Berblock. 

m'  lohn  Wroth. 

m-^  D^  Gulsou. 

m''  Caswell. 

m'  fferrar  Dp'>-. 

m''  Cannon. 

m^  Geo:  Smith. 

m'  Hen :  ReignokU. 

m'  Hen:  Briggs. 

m''  Sparrowe. 

Capt.  S.  Argoll. 

m'  Wiseman. 

m'  El :  Roberts  etc 

At  this  Court  ni'  lohn  Wroth,  m'' Morris  Abbott,  m' Humphrey  Hand- 
ford  m"'  Anthony  Abdie  m''  W"  Essington  and  m'  Thomas  Keightley 
were  now  sworne  Audito'"  for  the  Virginia  Company. 

The  Guif t  being  now  returned  from  Virginia  and  hauing  brought  tres 
from  S"  George  Yeardley  directed  to  S"'  Edw :  Saudis  intimating  the 
sore  voyage  they  had ;  being  going  thither  from  the  19"'  of  January  to 
the  19*  of  Aprill  following,  In  w''"  time  there  dyed  14  Landmen  and 
three  seamen  as  also  that  two  children  was  borne  at  sea,  &  dyed,  and 
at  his  there  ariuall  finding  the  Plantacon  to  be  in  great  scarsity  for 
want  of  Corne,  desired  the  Company  to  beare  w"'  him,  if  ||for||  this 
yeare  he  some  thing  neglected  the  planting  of  Tobacco,  and  followe 
the  sowing  of  Corne,  where  by  the  next  yeare  he  hopes  by  the  blessing 
of  God  to  raise  such  a  Cropp  thereof,  that  the  said  Plantacon  shall 
haue  noe  greate  cause  to  eomplaine  in  hast  of  want.  Other  priiiate 
busines  m''  Thfer  acquaynted  the  Court  was  specified  in  his  Lres, 
w""  is  first  to  reeeaue  the  advise  of  the  Couusell,  and  by  theii-  direccons 
to  reveale  it  to  the  Court. ^ 

'  This  is  probably  the  letter  given  in  List  of  Records,  No.  93,  page  131,  ante. 


230  RECOBDS  OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

It  "was  moued  by  m""  Thfer,  that  the  Geuerall  Comittees  should  forth- 
with meete  for  the  setting  out  this  shipp,  and  furnishing  of  her  w"" 
good  people  to  be  sent  to  the  Colledge  and  publique  Land,  w''"'  hitherto 
by  defect  thereof,  the  Plantacon  hath  beene  much  wronged:  w''*'  [14] 
if  the  Court  would  put  them  in  trust  for  the  prouiding  of  such,  they 
would  intreate  the  Gentlemen  both  of  Country  and  Citty  to  helpe 
them  therewith.  W''  mocon  the  Court  comended  and  haue  desired 
m'  Thfers  assistance  therein. 

The  Counsell  hauing  mett  according  to  order  from  the  Last  Court; 
touching  the  appeal  of  Captaine  Brewster  against  Captaine  Samuell 
Argoll,  the  Court  hauing  cleered  one  point  concerning  his  Gouerno""- 
shipp,  and  the  Counsell  now  approuing  of  the  other  for  his  tryall  by 
Marshall  Lawe,  holding  Captaine  Argoll  not  faulty  therein,  by  reason 
he  proceeded  and  followed  the  example  of  his  Predecesso''^  and  the 
Custome  altogether  vsed  hetherto  in  that  Plantacon,  w*"^  is  likely  to 
continue  till  the  standing  orders  for  Virginia  be  made  and  enacted ; 
and  he  being  tryed  by  a  Marshall  Court,  the  Counsell  held  it  to  be 
the  Noblest  tryall  being  iudged  by  Souldiers  and  men  of  worth.  But 
forasmuch  as  it  is  obiected  that  the  said  Captaine  Argoll  proceeded 
vnduely,  Capt  Brewster  comitting  noe  crime  worthy  of  death,  and 
being  also  alleaged  that  he  was  first  condempned  and  afterward  called 
vnto  his  Answere,  w*"''  the  Counsell  and  Court  here  canu  not  iudge  of, 
but  is  to  be  tryed  there,  where  the  euidenee  may  be  giuen;  It  was 
therefore  now  ordered,  that  the  said  Appeale  and  Captaine  Argolls 
answere  therevuto  shalbe  sent  inclozed  w^'in  a  tre  of  the  Companies 
to  S"'  George  Yeardley  and  the  Counsell  of  State,  and  they  to  make 
esaminacon  of  the  cause  and  returne  Certificate  thereof.  An  oath 
was  also  exhibited  by  Captaine  Brewster,  w'''  was  admiuistred  vnto 
him  in  Virginia,  w""  is  also  agreed  to  be  sent  for  informacou  of  the 
truth  thereof. 

The  Comittee  by  the  Court  appointed  vpon  the  peticon  of  Captaine 
Bargraue,  touching  the  suite  depending  in  Chauncery  betwixt  him  and 
some  Adventure"  of  the  Magazine,  the  same  Comittee  meeting  at  the 
time  and  place  appointed,  and  considering  thereof  hauing  both  bill 


JUNE  U,  1619  231 

and  answere,  and  the  booke  of  the  Orders  of  Courts,  who  pervsing 
the  same,  and  finding  that  Capt.  Bargraue  had  14  dayes  respite  tor 
giuing  security  to  the  Adventtirers,  and  w"'  in  six  dayes  the  bargaine  was 
taken  of  his  handes,  for  w'^"  he  was  to  allowe  vnto  the  Adventurers, 
— 150"  w"' a  promise  that  if  it  were  sold  for  aboue  ffiue  shilHngs  a  pound, 
he  should  liaue  the  Ouerplus:  but  being  all  sold  by  some  of  the  Ad- 
venturers of  the  Magazine  amongst  themselues  w"'in  two  dayes  after 
at—  iii,f  ix**  it  was  conceaued  by  the  said  Comittee,  that  the  said  Capt 
Bargraue  had  much  wrong  offered  therein :  and  therefore  did  see  noe 
reason  why  the  Company  should  countenance  this  busines,  but  leaue 
the  Defend"  to  followe  it;  or  to  take  the  matter  vp  amongst  themselues. 
Wherevpon  after  some  debating,  being  putt  to  the  question  whither 
the  Virginia  Company  should  ioyne  or  noe  in  suite  against  Capt  Bar- 
graue w""  the  Defendants,  It  was  agreed  by  ereccon  of  handC  that  not- 
w"'standing  any  order  to  the  contrary,  the  said  Company  should  neither 
ioyne  nor  assist  the  said  Defendants  herein.  And  that  vpon  Wedens- 
day  sevenight,  when  the  said  Adventurers  of  the  Magazine  doe  meete, 
it  be  putt  vnto  them  to  see  likewise  if  they  will  vndertake  the  same. 

[15]  It  was  agreed  that  M''  Aldfan  lohnson,  and  the  rest  of  the 
Adventure"  and  Officers  of  the  Magazine  should  be  warned  agaynst 
Wedensday  sevenight  to  meete  at  m''  fferrars  howse.  and  to  haue  the 
Acc°  i-eady  to  be  deliuered  in  vpon  their  Oath. 

It  was  moued  by  mr.  Thfer  that  the  Court  would  take  into  considera- 
con  to  a])]»oint  a  Comittie  of  choice  Gentlemen,  and  other  of  his  Ma" 
Counsell  for  Virginia  concerning  the  Colledge;  being  a  waighty  busi- 
nes, and  so  greate,  that  an  Account  of  their  proceedings  therein  must 
be  giuen  to  the  State.  Vpon  §w''''§  the  Co"'  vpon  deliberate  consideracon 
haiie  recoiTiended  the  care  thereof  vnto  the  Right  wo"'  S''  Dudley  Diggs, 
S'  lohn  Dauers,  S''  Nath:  Rich,  S'  lo:  Wolstenholme,  m'  Deputy 
fferrar,  m'  D'  Anthony,  and  m'  D'  Grulsou  to  meete  at  such  time  as 
m''  Treasuror  shall  giue  order  there  vnto. 

fforasmuch  as  the  standing  Lawes  and  orders  concerning  the  governe- 
ment  of  Virginia  being  finished  by  the  Comittee  to  whome  they  were 
reeomended,  and  passed  the  seuerall  Ceremonies  according  to  the 


232  RECORDS  OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

orders  of  the  Company,  It  was  moued  that  the  second  Comittee  for 
the  setling  of  Lawes  &  Magistraeie  might  be  summoned  by  the 
Officer  to  meete  at  S''  Edwin  Sandis  his  howse  vpou  ffriday  morning 
next  at  eight  of  the  Clock,  and  there  to  devide  the  busines  amongst 
themselues  as  they  shall  see  cause:  W"  the  Court  thought  very  con- 
venient, and  haue  allowed  thereof. 

Also  vpon  a  mocon  of  the  Susans  voyage  to  be  audited,  and  the  com- 
plaint of  the  Generallity  in  some  abuse  offred  by  the  loint  stock  to  be 
rectified ;  The  ordinary  Audito"  are  warned  to  meete  therevpon  vpon 
Munday  morning  at  eight  of  the  Clock  at  m'  Treasurors  howse. 

It  was  agreed  vpon  the  mocon  of  S''  Dudley  Diggs  and  S''  Thomas 
Gates  vnto  the  Court  about  a  Pattent  to  be  graunted  vnto  sundry 
Kentishmen,  who  would  seate  and  plant  themselues  in  Virginia,  that 
they  should  haue  as  Large  priuiledges  and  imunities  as  is  gi*auuted  to 
any  other  in  that  kinde. 

Vpon  the  peticon  of  lohn  Woodliefe  gentleman  (who  disbursed 
62 — 10 — OOeleauen  yeares  since,  and  the  like  time  spent  in  the  Planta- 
con  in  the  place  of  Ensigne[)  ]  to  haue  a  Pattent  graunted  him  and  his 
Associats  whereon  to  plant  the  nomber  of  200  persons  to  be  trans- 
ported into  Virginia  before  the  end  of  Six  yeares  next  Coming,  and  to 
haue  the  like  priviledges  to  him  and  his  Associats,  in  lieu  aswell  of  his 
said  Adventure  and  personall  allowance,  as  for  other  his  Associats  who 
haue  adventured  of  old :  W''  the  Court  hath  now  graunted  vnto  him .[!()] 

Whereas  vpon  a  former  order,  it  was  agreed  to  pay  interest  for  a  some 
of  mony  in  the  Companies  handC  during  the  minority  of  one  Katha- 
rine Bath  to  whome  the  mony  doth  belong.  The  Court  vpon  better 
consideracon  now  finding  it  not  convenient  to  jui^y  Interest  haue  agreed 
to  reverse  the  said  order  &  to  llpay||  the  mony  where  it  is  due. 

The  Court  being  acquaynted  of  one  m''  Robert  Browne  who  adven- 
tured w""  the  Lo:  Lawarr  25"  and  went  himselfe  in  person  to  Virginia, 
and  there  dyed,  haue  now  agreed  w"'  the  consent  and  liking  of  the 


JUNE  '21^,  1619 


233 


Lady  LawaiT  that  the  [said  25"]^  shalbe  deducted  out  of  the  500"  adven  - 
ture  of  my  LoixK,  and  so  [that  '"'  *  *  *  r]"be  giueu  to  the  Bookeeper 
for  the  defaulking  of  it  out  of  the  said  500''  adventure,  &  passing  it  to 
the  said  Robert  Browne  by  a  bill  [of  A]dventure  in  his  owne  name. 
And  moreouer  haue  agreed  that  for  his  personall  Adventure  he  shall 
(according  to  the  orders  of  the  Company)  haue  100  Acres  of  Land. 


lUNE  THE  34th  1619 


Present 


The  Right  hono""^  The  Ea.  of  Warwicke. 


S'  Edwin  Sandis  Kn'  Thfer. 

S''  lo:  Dauers.  m"'  Rich:  Tomlins. 


S"'  Stephen  Dowle. 
m'  lo:  Wroth, 
m""  Ferrar  Dp'. 
m^Tho:  Gibbs. 
m'  Ferrar  lunio"^. 


m''  Anthony  Abdy. 
m"'  W"'  Caninge. 
m^Edw:  Ditchfield. 
m"'  Robt  Smith, 
m"'  lad  win. 
m'  W"  Essington. 


m"^  Rich :  Morer. 
m''  Geo:  Smith, 
m'"  Geo:  Chambers, 
m'"  Rich:  Berblock. 
m':  Conell. 
m'  Meuerell. 
m^Rich:  Bull. 


The  order  in  the  Last  Court  touching  the  generall  Company  not  any 
way  to  ioyne  or  countenance  the  DefeudantC  against  Capt  Bargraue, 
here  being  some  w*'*'  were  absent  at  the  Last  Co'',  and  alleadging  some 
reason  why  the  said  Company  should  not  altogether  relinquish  the 
said  Defendants,  because  the  Generallity  hauiug  a  stock  there,  is  therein 
interessed  as  a  perticuler  Adventurer  of  the  Magazine ;  W"  point  is 
referred  vntill  the  Adventurers  meete ;  At  w''''  time  it  may  be  cleered 
whither  the  Adventurers  shall  ioyne  in  mayntaining  that  suite;  [17] 

'  The  manuscript  is  blotted  so  as  to  mal^e  this  and  the  two  following  doubtful  passages  almost  illegible. 
'  Probably  power  or  order. 


234  RECORDS  OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

The  Comittee  by  the  Last  Co"  appoynted  for  the  Colledge  hauing 
mett  us  they  were  desired,  deliuered  now  their  proceedings,  w"*"  the 
Co"  allowed  of  being  this  that  followeth, 

A  note  of  what  kinde  of  men  are  most  fitt  to  be  sent  to  Virginia  in 
the  next  intended  voyage  of  transporting  One  hnndreth  men. 

A  minister  to  be  entertayned  at  the  yearely  allowance  of  fforty  poimdC 
and  to  §have§  50  Acres  of  Land  for  him  and  his  heires  for  euer. 
To  be  allowed  his  transportacon  &  his  mans  at  the  Companies  charge, 
and  ten  ponndC  imprest  to  furnish  himself e  w"'all. 

A  Captaine  thought  fitt  to  be  considered  of  to  take  the  charge  of  such 
people  as  are  to  be  planted  vpon  the  Colledge  Land. 

All  the  people  at  this  first  sending  except  some  few  to  be  sent  aswell 
for  planting  the  Colledge  as  public^  Land  to  be  single  men  vnmari'yed. 
A  warrant  to  be  made  and  directed  to  S'  Thomas  Smith  for  the  paym' 
of  the  Colleccon  mony  to  S'  Edwin  Sandis  Thfer.  And  that  D'  Gul- 
stone  shoidd  l)e  entreated  to  present  vnto  my  Lords  Grace  of  Canter- 
bury such  Letters  to  be  signed  for  the  speedy  paying  of  the  monies 
fx'om  every  Diocesse,  w'""  yet  remaynes  vnpayd. 

The  seuerall  sortes  of  Tradesmen  and  others  for  the  Colledge  Land. 
Smithes.  Potters. 

Carpenters .  Husbandmen . 

Bricklayers.  Brickmakers. 

Turners. 

And  whereas  according  to  the  standing  order  seauen  were  chosen  by 
the  Last  Court  to  be  of  the  Comittee  for  the  Colledge  the  said  order 
allowing  noe  more.  And  inasmuch  as  m''  lohn  Wroth  is  conceaued  by 
some  error  to  be  left  out,  he  is  therefore  now  desired  to  be  an  x4.ssist- 
ant  vnto  them  and  to  giue  them  meeting  at  such  time  &  place  as  is 
agi"eed  of. 

The  Comittee  for  i|the||  setling  of  lawes  and  Magistracie  in  Virginia 
haue  mett  as  they  were  desired  and  vpon  examinacon  haue  found 
diuers  Lawes  in  the  Lres  Pattents  and  good  poynts  in  the  Instruccons 


JUNE  2.i,  mm  235 

giuen  by  his  Ma*^  vuder  the  Privy  Seals  w'*"  wilbe  a  greate  further- 
ance for  the  setling  of  tlie  busines,  purposing  to  take  such  paynes 
therein  as  to  present  them  to  the  next  Quarter  Court  and  to  that  end 
(because  [18]  most  in  this  Vacation  time  resohieth  to  goe  into  the 
country)  haue  devided  it  amongst  them  selues  for  the  better  preparing 
of  it  against  their  next  meeting. 

It  was  nioued  by  mr.  Thfer  that  a  Comittee  might  be  appoynted  to 
call  the  officers  of  the  Lotteries  before  them  to  sett  downe  a  Catta- 
logue  what  prizes  remayne  yet  due  and  vupaid  that  they  may  be  dis- 
charged and  one  to  be  authorized  to  pay  them  to  such  as  shall  bring 
in  their  Ticketts,  w''*'  the  Co''  hath  referred  vnto  the  Auditors. 

Also  he  moued  that  in  reguard  of  great  somes  w'^''  is  presently  to  be 
issued  out  vpon  this  voyage,  and  the  extraordinary  busines  w"*"  the 
Company  from  time  to  time  imposeth  vpon  him,  that  a  perticuler 
Thfer  might  be  appointed  vnder  him  for  the  issuing  out  thereof, 
w'^''  he  [should]  not  deliuer  w"'out  a  warrant,  nor  the  other  should  pay 
it  forth  w^'out  the  like  authority  of  a  warrant  to  be  giuen  vnto  him : 
W*"  the  Court  haue  thought  fitt,  because  he  stands  engaged  for  it,  to 
referr  it  vnto  himself  e,  who  therein  hath  made  choice  of  m''  Deputy 
fferrar. 

Stephen  Sparrowes  request  for  the  personall  adventiires  of  5fower 
servants  w''*'  he  sent  to  Virginia  is  refei"red  to  the  Auditors  vpon 
Munday  morning. 

William  Shackley  of  London  Haberdasher  assigned  to  Oliuer  S'  lohn 
Two  shares  in  Virginia. 


'■&•' 


Also  M"  Millisent  Paulsden  assigned  to  the  said  Oliuer  S'  lohn  three 
shares  in  Virginia,  w'''  the  Co"'  haue  now  allowed  of :  Prouided  that 
shee  come  into  the  Co"^'  or  make  her  Certificate  of  her  allowance 
therein  wi"'in  this  Twelue  Moneths. 

A  controuersy  arising  amongst  the  Adventure"""  of  the  Magazine  for 
their  place  of  meeting,  it  being  made  knowne  that  m''  Aldf  an  lohnson 
who  is  the  Director  thereof,  desired  it  might  be  at  S'  Tho :  Smiths,  by 


236  RECORDS  OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

reason  he  was  one  of  the  greatest  and  principall  Adventurers  and  not 
well  able  to  goe  to  any  other  place:  but  forasmuch  as  there  is  a 
standing  order,  that  so  long  as  the  generall  Company  hath  an  Adven- 
ture in  any  loint  stock,  their  meetings  shalbe  where  the  Generall  Co"^" 
is  kept :  m''  Thf er  and  Deputy  insisted  strongly  for  the  mayntayning 
of  the  said  Order,  insomuch  that  it  was  answered  that  it  were  better 
a  little  to  dispense  w""  that  said  order,  then  a  Generall  fEaccon  thereby 
should  be  raysed  betwixt  the  Company  and  adventurers:  w'^''  was 
answered  by  m"'  Thfer  that  he  sawe  no  reason  to  feare  any  such 
ffaccon:  but  for  his  part  if  the  Adventurers  would  repay  to  the 
Generall  Company  their  Eight  hundreth  pounds  they  haue  paid  into 
the  Magazine,  they  might  meete  in  what  place  they  pleased,  and 
that  might  be  done  w"'out  breach  of  order,  till  then  he  was  sworne 
to  mayntayne  the  orders  and  lawes  of  the  Company  vnlesse  they 
shalbe  disanulled  by  the  same  wayes  and  meanes  that  they  are  [19] 
confirmed.  But  much  dispute  growing  herein,  and  the  Covinsell  all 
save  o[ne]  hauing  deliuered  their  opinions  to  mayntayne  the  order, 
It  was  at  length  agree [d]  that  the  said  Adventure"^  of  the  Magazine 
should  be  warned  to  meete  here  vpon  Munday  next  in  the  Afternoone 
at  the  Generall  Co'''  to  performe  such  things  as  in  the  Last  Quarter  Co''' 
had  beene  ordered,  concerning  the  Magazine  and  the  officers  thereof. 


I 


JUNE  28,  1619 


237 


IXJIVE  THE  28th  igig 

Present 

Right  honorable  The  Earle  of  Southampton. 
The  Earle  of  Warwick. 


S'  Edwin  Sandis  Kn'. 

Thfer. 

S'  lohn  Dauers. 

m""  Thorpe. 

m'  Morer. 

S'Edw:  Harwood. 

m''  Tomlins. 

m^  Couell. 

S'-Nath:  Rich. 

Capt  Argoll. 

m"'  Swinhowe 

m'  Aldfan  lohnson. 

m'  Essington. 

m'  Darnelly. 

m'  lohn  Wroth. 

m''  Antho:  Abdy. 

m*^  Wiseman. 

m'  Xo  Brooke. 

m"^  Cartwright. 

m"^  Berblock. 

m"'  Morrice  Abbott. 

m^  Wheatly. 

m""  lad  wine. 

m"^  Ferrar  Dpt. 

m"^  Barber, 
m'  Chambers. 

With  others. 

Vpon  reading  the  last  order  in  the  last  Court,  touching  the  place  of 
meeting  of  the  Magazine  Adventurers,  m"'  Thfer  signified  to  the  Co"^', 
that  by  reason  of  such  contrary  desires  to  meete  a  part,  they  could 
haue  noe  meeting  w'"  the  Adventurers  at  all,  and  therefore  shewed 
two  reasons  that  might  induce  them  not  to  fly  from  the  standing  order : 
One,  that  the  Generall  Company  hath  twice  as  greate  an  Adventure 
therein,  as  any  of  the  greatest  perticuler  Adventurers:  And  the  other, 
that  hetherto  from  time  to  time,  their  meetings  haue  beene  at  the 
same  time  and  place,  where  and  when  the  generall  Courts  hath  beene 
kept,  sauing  onely  twice :  W"''  was  replyed  by  m''  Aldfan  lohnson 
Director  of  the  Magazine,  that  it  could  not  be  soe  convenient  to  meete 
togethe"'  as  in  meeting  a  pai't ;  because  at  such  meeting  J  wilbe  of  the 
Generality,  but  if  it  be  for  the  mayntayning  of  the  Standing  order, 
that  their  meetings  should  be  both  in  one  place ;  it  was  not  unknowne, 
but  that  S'  Thomas  Smith  hath  offred  his  howse  for  them  at  any  time 
to  sitt  in,  who  being  a  great  Adventurer  was  worthy  to  haue  a  voice 
[_as]  ||stet||  occasion  serueth  amongst  them;  and  the  rather  that  he 


238  RECORDS  OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

and  some  others  was  engaged  to  the  Chamber  of  London  for  one 
thousand  pounds,  w'^''  if  they  pleased  to  cleare  them  of  that  bond,  he 
would  consent  to  meete  where  they  pleased.  W''  was  answered  by 
m'  Thfer,  that  one  reason  why  they  should  be  vndeuided,  was,  that 
from  time  to  time  they  might  receaue  then*  authority  from  the  Gen- 
erall  Co"'':  and  m"'  Aldfan  well  said,  they  were  not  tyed  to  a  pei"ticuler 
place  of  meeting,  therefore  he  would  be  willing  (if  the  Court  should 
soe  like  of  it)  that  they  should  meet  sometimes  at  S''  Thomas  Smiths, 
at  such  time  as  S"'  Thomas  Smith  should  haue  occasion  to  desire 
to  ])e  present.  And  for  the  1000"  w^'^  S^  Thomas  Smith,  S'  lohn  Wol- 
stenholme,  and  m'  Alderman  lohnson  standeth  bound  he  held  it  not 
convenient  to  haue  any  Diuident  till  that  were  paid.  Where vpon 
many  in  the  Court  agreeing  in  opinion  w"'  him,  it  wasdesired  to  be  [20] 
putt  to  the  question;  w'^''  being  propounded,  whither  the  Thowsand 
pounds  should  be  paid,  that  is  at  interest  at  seauen  p  Cent  or  that 
the  Vndertakers  should  remayne  in  bond^,  and  a  Diuident  be  made 
the  Adventurers,  by  ereccon  of  hand^  was  concluded,  that  the  said 
vndertake''''  should  be  released,  by  repaying  the  said  some  of  1000'' 
into  the  Chamber  of  London  before  there  should  be  any  Divident. 

Next  was  moued  by  M'  Thfer  the  prosequuting  of  the  Proposicon 
agreed  of  in  the  Last  Quarter  Co",  w*^''  was,  that  the  Magazine  should 
imitate  the  order  of  the  Company :  f&rst  that  Officers  should  be  yearely 
chosen  and  sworne  &  that  §««■§  a  true  Ace°  should  be  deliuered  in  vpon 
their  Oaths.  And  first  taking  into  consideracou  the  choice  of  their 
Directo',  it  was  propounded  whither  they  would  haue  one  or  two, 
w"''  was  agreed  to  haue  but  one;  and  m''  Aldfan  lohnson  being  there - 
vnto  nominated  and  putt  to  the  question,  was  by  ereccon  of  hand^ 
confirmed.  Likewise  to  be  assisting  to  m''  Director,  choice  is  now 
made  of  fine  Comittees,  viz",  m'Essington,  m'Rich :  Morer,  m' Edward 
Ditchfield,  m'  Richard  Caswell,  and  m'  Berblock.  And  for  Auditors 
m''  Abraham  Cartwright,  M'  George  Chambers,  M'  Henrj^  Briggs  and 
m'  Richard  V/iseman,  who  are  desired  to  be  at  the  next  Court  to  take 
their  oaths :  and  also  against  that  time  an  exact  Account  be  giuen  of 
the  State  of  the  Cash,  &  what  debts  is  owing,  that  (if  it  may  be)  halfe 
a  Capitall  may  be  deuided  amongst  the  Adventurers. 


JUNE  S8,  1619  239 

And  it  was  also  by  m''  Thfer  desired  that  the  340"  w"*"  the  Magazine 
oweth  to  the  Generall  stock  may  be  forthw""  paid,  he  hauing  such 
extraordinary  occasion  to  vse  mony  for  the  setting  out  the  shipp 
agreed  to  be  sent,  and  what  cann  be  proued  either  by  order  of  Co",  or 
otherwise  to  be  due  vnto  them  they  shall  haue  it  paid,  and  therefore 
when  the  Auditors  now  chosen  for  the  Magazine  shall  haue  seene 
into  the  Accounts,  they  would  repaire  to  the  Generall  Auditors  at  his 
howse  to  conclude  the  differences  vpon  Tuesday  seauennight  at  two  of 
the  Clock  in  the  afternoone.  And  against  that  time  did  also  request 
that  they  would  giue  themselues  vnderstanding  of  the  first  Magazine 
sett  out  in  the  Susan,  that  the  Generall  Stock  may  receaue  the  mony 
due  vnto  them  vpon  that  voyage,  and  that  the  Account  may  be  cleered 
wi*''out  further  delay. 

M'  George  Chambers  in  the  behalfe  of  Martins  Hundred  desired  the 
Company  to  make  examinacon  of  some  abuses  off  red  to  their  Cor- 
poracon  by  the  M''  and  Marriners  of  the  Ship,  as  also  to  rectify  some 
wrong  done  vnto  them  by  the  Capemerchant :  Where  vpon  the  Court 
was  pleased  to  call  before  them  the  Marriners,  administring  vnto 
them  an  Oath  to  answere  vnto  such  Interrogotories  as  shalbe  law- 
fully demaunded  of  them  touching  Martins  Hundred :  w*"''  done  the 
examinacon  thereof  was  referred  to  two  of  the  Counsell  and  two  of  the 
Company,  viz",  to  m''  Aldfan  lohnson,  m'  Morrice  Abbott,  &  m''  Abdj- 
and  m'  Cartwright.  And  for  wrong  doune  by  the  Capemerchant,  it 
being  not  their  case  alone  that  complaynes.  It  was  agreed  that  a  Tre 
should  be  written  from  the  Counsell  to  S'  George  Yeardley,  and  that 
M'  Chambers  and  others  [23]' 

findeth  none  soe  fitt  and  convenient  for  them  as  m'  Deputy  fferrars, 
if  it  pleased  him  to  let  the  Company  haue  her,  there  being  Cabbins 
and  euery  thing  in  a  readines.  But  inasmuch  as  a  Publique  impu- 
taoon  was  Laid  vpon  him  in  the  disputing  of  men  to  be  sent  to  the 
Colledge  Land,  in  saying  that  he  had  some  priuate  endC  in  solliciting 
it  soe  hard;  he  therefore  desired  to  be  excused,  and  that  they  would 
prouide  some  other.  Least  in  performing  their  desire  ho  should  drawe 

'  Pages  21  and  22  are  missing  from  tho  manuscript.     The  catcli  word  at  tlu-  cud  of  imiic  20  is  "deliuor." 
16455— VOL  1— OU lU 


240 


RECORDS  OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 


some  maliguity  therein  \q3on  himselfe :  but  being  vrged  therevnto  by 
the  Co",  who  generally  cleering  him  of  that  impntacon  he  hath 
(through  the  good  he  wisheth  vnto  the  Company)  condiscended  to  their 
request,  and  referred  it  to  the  Comittees  to  allowe  him  for  ffraight 
what  they  shall  thinke  good. 


ITJLY  THE  VIJ"'  1619 


S'  Edwin  Sandis  Kn' 
S'  Dudley  Diggs. 
S^Tho:  Gates. 
S''  lohn:  Dauers. 
S'Nath:  Rich. 
S'Tho:  Wroth, 
m"  Aldfan  lohnson. 
m""  lohn  Wroth. 
m""  lohn  fferrar  Dept. 
m'  Geo:  Thorpe. 


Being  Present 

it  honorable  The  Earle  of  Warwick. 

Thfer. 

m''  D'  Winstone. 

m'  Ed :  Seott. 

m''  D""  Anthony. 

m''  Geo :  Swinhowe 

m'Tho:  Gibbs. 

m'Tho:  Kightley. 

m^  Robt  Offley. 

m'  W"  Palmer. 

m"'  Rich:  Rogers. 

m"'  Wiseman. 

m^  W™  Cauiuge. 

m''  Lewson. 

m'  fferrar  lunio"'. 

m""  ladwine. 

m'  Essington. 

m""  Meuerell. 

m'  Hen :  Briggs. 

m""  Roberts. 

w"'  others. 


The  Magazine  Shipp  being  returned  from  Virginia,  and  a  Packett  of 
wrightings  receaued  from  Abraham  Persey  the  Capemerchant,but  not 
any  Lre  yet  receaued  from  S''  George  Yeardley  the  Gouerno'',  the  same 
was  now  presented  to  this  Court,  where  iu  the  Packett  was  couteyued 
a  generall  tre  to  the  Adventurers,  an  Invoice  of  the  goodC  now  come 
home,  a  bill  of  Lading,  a  certificate  of  the  misdemeano'  of  one  Showell 
who  was  sent  to  assist  the  Capemerch',  a  note  of  such  goodC  as  the 
Countiy  standeth  in  need  of,  an  Invoice  of  the  goodC  w'^''  was  Landed 
by  the  George  1G17,  An  account  of  the  same  goods,  two  bills  of  Ex""  to 
S'  lohn  Wolstenholme,  and  a  note  of  mony  w""  the  Marriners  oweth 
to  the  said  Adventurers. 


JVLY  7,  1G19  241 

The  Geiierall  Tre  being  now  read,  It  was  moued  by  m''  Thfer,  that  2 
points  especially  therein  might  be  taken  into  cousideraeon ; 

1.  Whither  it  be  convenient  that  iibertie  be  giuen  to  the  Capemer- 
chant  according  as  he  desireth  to  barter  and  sell  the  Comodities  as  he 
cann  and  as  is  vsuall  in  free  trading:  As  also  liberty  to  the  Inhab- 
itants there  to  barter  and  sell  their  comodities. 

2.  That  as  he  writeth  he  is  onercharged  w'"  abonndanee  of  needles 
Comodities,  and  wanteth  Plonghes  and  other  necessaries,  w'""  he  hath 
often  writt  for,  that  it  may  be  thought  of  how  to  be  remedyed.     [34] 

To  w"*"  purpose,  the  Court  haue  now  appointed  ffower  of  the  Counsell, 
2  of  Smiths  Hundred  and  2  of  Martins  Hundred,  viz"  of  the  Counsell 
S''  Tho:  Gates,  m'  lohn  Wroth,  m''  Deputy  fferrar  and  Capt  Argoll; 
ffor  Smiths  Hundred,  m'  Thomas  Gibbs  and  m'' Robt  Smith;  ffor 
Martins  Hundreth,  m'  Geo:  Chambers,  and  m'  W"  Caninge,  who 
together  w"'  the  Director  and  Comittees  for  the  Magazine  are  desired 
to  meete  too  morrow  in  the  Af  ternoone  at  m"'  Treasur"  howse  to  eon  - 
sider  of  these  Two  points,  &  to  pervse  the  writings,  that  care  may  be 
taken  to  redresse  what  is  amisse. 

Next  according  to  an  order  made  in  the  Last  Court,  m'  Thfer  required 
of  the  Officers  then  chosen  for  the  Magazine,  such  Acc°  as  was  then 
eomitted  to  their  care  to  be  perfected,  and  brought  in  as  vpon  this 
day  at  the  furthest :  but  perceauing  that  m'  Essington  was  gone  and 
that  noe  Account  could  be  presented,  being  some  thing  moued  that 
from  time  to  time  they  should  be  putt  of  and  could  haue  neither  paid 
the  money  w"*"  appeareth  to  be  due  to  the  Company,  nor  that  they 
would  meete  to  audite  the  same,  addressed  himselfe  to  m'"  Alderman 
lohnson  as  Director  thereof,  saying,  he  would  complaiue  to  the  LordC 
of  the  Counsell  of  it,  or  comence  suite  against  him.  Where  vpon 
m' Alderman  couceauing  as  he  afterwards  said  he  had  threatned  him 
in  his  owne  person,  replied,  that  he  durst  not,  w"'  some  other  angry 
wordC  he  then  vttered;  w"''  some  of  the  Counsell  tooke  excepcons  at, 
saying,  the  Court  was  very  much  wi'onged  by  it,  and  that  if  it  were 
suffered  to  haue  the  Treasurer  so  vsed,  there  would  be  noe  respect 
given  vnto  him,  to  w'*"  the  Court  consented:  And  m'' Thfer  for  his 
part  affirmed,  that  he  did  not  meane  nf  Alderman  otherwise  then  as 


242  RECORDS  OF  THE  YTROINIA  COMPANY 

1 1  he  was  1 1  Director  of  the  Magazine,  &  when  he  spoke  of  himself  e  he 
meant  the  Virginia  Company :  Which  being  putt  to  the  question, 
whither  the  Court  vnderstood  that  he  spoke  perticulerly  of  his  person, 
or  of  the  Adventurers  of  the  Magazine,  it  was  by  most  voices  affirmed, 
that  they  vnderstood  in  speaking  to  him,  that  he  meut  of  the  Maga- 
zine Company :  And  because  it  should  not  passe  w"'out  some  reproofe 
or  acknowledgm'  of  his  part  of  an  error,  for  preventing  the  like  here- 
after soe  neere  as  may  be;  It  was  moued  by  m"'  W"  Caninge,  that  the 
Co'''  might  presently  decide  it;  and  afterward  vpon  putting  the  ques- 
tion, by  generall  ereceon  of  handC  agreed  that  the  Counsell  now 
present  being  the  Ea:  of  Warwicke,  S''  Thomas  Gates,  S''  lohn  Dauers, 
S"'  Nath:  Riche,  m"  lohn  Wroth  and  wY  Deputy  fferrar  should  meete 
too  morrow  morning  at  my  Lo:  of  Southamptons,  and  they  together 
w""  his  Lo^  to  consider  of  m'  Aldermans  words  and  to  censure  him 
accordingly. 

And  because  the  Court  could  not  now  haue  the  meanes  to  end  the 
differences  depending  betweene  the  Company  and  the  Magazine 
Adventurers,  it  was  desired  that  m'  Thfer  would  please  to  giue  order 
for  an  extraordinary  Court  for  the  determining  (if  it  may  be)  [25] 
of  the  same:  who  hath  appointed,  that  vpon  Tuesday  next  in  the 
Afternoone  the  Company  and  Officers  of  the  Magazine  be  warned  to 
meete  at  S''  Thomas  Smithes. 

M'  Alderman  lohnson  being  formerly  chosen  Director  of  the  Maga- 
zine did  now  disclayme  the  same ;  but  w'^all  promising  that  he  would 
assist  the  Comittees  thereof  in  any  thing  he  might;  but  to  be  the 
Director  he  would  not. 


JULY  13,  1619 


lULY  THE  ISth  1610 

A  Court  held  for  Virginia  at  Sir  Tho: 
Smiths  howse  in  Philpott  Lane. 

Present  the  Right  Hono'^  The  Earle  of  Southampton. 

The  Earle  of  Warwicke. 


S""  Edwin  Sandis  Kn' 

Thfer. 

S^Tho:  Smith. 

m'  Hen:  Reignold^. 

m"^  Hen:  Briggs. 

S'Tho:  Waiuman. 

CaptS:  Argoll. 

m''  Wiseman. 

S^Tho:  Gates. 

Capt  N :  Bntler. 

m"  Couell. 

S'Nath:  Rich. 

m''  fferrar  iunio"'. 

m''  Geo:  Smith. 

S'  lo:  Wolstenholme. 

m"^  Ri:  Rogers. 

m''  Bereblocke. 

S^Tho:  Wroth. 

m''  Ro:  Bateman. 

m"^  Roberts. 

m'  Aldfau  lolmson. 

m^Edw:  Scott. 

m'  Craumer. 

m'  lohn  Wroth. 

m'Rich:  Bull. 

m'  Kightley. 

m'  Xo  Brooke. 

m'  Geo:  Chambers. 

m'  Shepherd. 

m'  Geo :  Sandis. 

m'  Swinhowe. 

m'  Mailing. 

m'  Geo:  Thorx)e. 

m'  Paiilson. 

m''  Sparrowe.  etc 

m"^  fferrar  Dept. 

m'  Rich:  Caswell. 

m'Tho:  Gibbs. 

m''  Caninge. 

m'  D'  Anthony. 

m'^  Ri :  Moorer. 

The  busines  by  the  Last  Court  referred  vnto  the  Counsell  touching 
some  vnseemely  wordC  giuen  by  m"  Aldfan  It)hnson  vnto  m"'  Thfer  to 
be  censured  by  them,  they  hauing  mett  as  they  were  desired,  and 
thereon  considered,  did  now  delii;er  their  conclusion  into  the  Courte, 
where  after  a  long  disputacon  and  reproofe  of  the  offence  comitted  by 
m''Alderman,&  a  generall  cleeringof  m''Tferbyerecconof  [20]  handC 
and  euery  mans  testimony  of  the  scanda  11  imputed  vnto  him  by  m' Alder- 
man, that  he  should  wrong  any  of  the  Company  by  vudeceut  language ; 
It  was  agreed  that  for  preventing  the  Like  abuse  to  the  Thfer  here- 
after, the  former  Comittees,  that  is  to  saj',  the  Lord  of  Southampton, 


244  RECORDS  OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

the  Lo:  of  Warwick,  S'lo:  Daiiers,  S'  Tho:  Gates,  S'Nath:  Rich, 
m*"  lo :  Wroth,  m''  Geo :  Thorpe,  and  m'  Dei)uty  fferrar  to  whome  this 
busines  was  formerly  referred,  now  adding  vuto  their  number  S'  lo: 
Wolstenhohne,  S'  Tho:  Wroth,  should  sett  downe  in  writing  to  be 
entred  in  the  Court  bookes  the  iustifieacon  w^''  the  Court  hath  giuen 
to  mr.  Tfer;  And  should  w"'all  propose  to  the  consideracon  of  the 
Court  the  forme  of  some  strict  Lawe  for  the  preventing  of  the  like 
wrong  and  abuse  in  future  tyme. ' 

There  was  also  presented  to  the  Court  by  the  Audito'"  and  there  openly 
read  this  writing  ensuing; 

Whereas  it  hath  appeared  plainly  that  during  the  time,  that  m"^  Alderman 
lohnson  was  both  Deputy  of  the  Company  and  Director  of  the  Magazine  diuers 
great  .somes  haue  beene  wrongfully  converted  from  the  Cashe  of  the  Company 
gtoS  the  vse  and  Casheof  the  Magazine,  as  namely  the  some  of  =  3-il  =  13  =  '4= 
of  the  Companies  money  was  in  May — 1617 — converted  to  the  buying  of  goodC 
for  the  Magazine  w'"  were  sent  in  the  George,  and  rcceiued  by  the  Capemer- 
chant,  and  returned  in  his  Acc°  w""  the  gaine  of — 85 — 8 — 4 — And  moreouer 
in  October — 1618 — the  Companies  Tobacco  growing  in  their  Comon  garden 
was  sold  to  m'  Abraham  Chambcrlaine  for  One  hundreth  three  score  and 
sixteene  pounds;  and  that  sofiie  paid  into  the  (^ash  of  the  ^Magazine.  And 
whereas  also  there  are  diuers  reciprocall  demaunds  made  both  by  the  Company 
and  the  Magazine  for  persons  and  goodes  interchangeably  transported  1)y  each 
for  other:  W*'"  Account  wee  the  Auditors  for  the  Company  haue  beene  on  o'' 
parts  att  all  times  desirous  and  ready  to  audite;  but  haue  found  noe  corre- 
spondency nor  disposition  to  the  same  in  the  Officers  for  the  Magazine,  notw'"- 
standingo''  often  requests  and  diuers  orders  of  Courts,  w"""  they  haue  neglected 
and  broken  and  doe  soe  still  persist:  fforasmuch  as  it  is  very  apparent  vnto  vs, 
that  there  is  a  great  some  of  money  of  right  due  to  1)e  paid  by  the  Magazine  to 
the  Company,  w"'out  w'*'  there  is  noe  meanes  for  the  setting  out  of  this  shipp 
now  prepared  for  the  transporting  of  One  hundreth  men  for  Generall  service: 
And  wee  haue  done  o''  vtmost  endeauo''  therein  w''""  hath  proued  fruitles:  Wee 
are  inforced  according  to  the  duty  of  o''  places  to  present  the  consideracon 
hereof  to  yo''  wisdomes,  that  some  further  course  may  be  taken  for  doing  I'ight 
to  the  Company,  and  advancing  the  Coffiion  service  thereon  depending. 
Subscribed:  Iohn  Dackks:  Io:  Wroth: 

lOHN    ffERRAR.    ThO:    KeIGIITLET. 

Henry  Briggs  and  Richard  Wiseman.     [27] 
'  Some  papers  on  this  committee  are  given  in  the  List  of  Records,  Nos.  112,  113,  pages  133,  134,  ante. 


JULY  13,  1619  245 

This  being  deliuert^d  by  the  Audito",  and  w""  all  the  Aec"  betweene  the 
Company  and  Adventui-ers,  whieli  by  the  helpe  of  the  Courtbooke 
(hailing  examined  it  thorough)  they  haue  finished;  there  onely  rest- 
eth  for  the  Court  to  decide,  that  if  they  will  alio  we  of  sundry  trans - 
portacons  of  men,  by  former  orders  in  the  said  booke  not  menconed, 
that  then  there  wilbe  One  hundreth  pounds  lesse  for  the  Company  to 
receaue :  But  it  growing  late  it  was  agreed,  and  that  the  Shipp  should 
be  noe  longer  stayde,  that  m'  Thfer  should  make  vse  of  the  Three 
hundreth  pounds  due  vnto  the  Magazine  by  the  Adventurers  of  Smiths 
hundred,  and  that  the  Account  betweene  them  shalbe  f orthw""  audited : 
To  w'^''  purpose  my  Lord  of  Southampton  hath  promised  his  assistance 
vpon  ffriday  morning  next  at  Sir  Thomas  Smiths  howse,  at  w"''  time 
m'  Alderman,  together  w"'  m'  Essington,  m'  Abraham  Chamberlaine, 
m'  Richard  Moorer  and  m'  Berblock,  are  appointed  to  ioyne  w**"  the 
Audito™  of  the  Company  and  so  to  decide  the  Controuersy. 

fforasmuch  as  the  Collector  for  Tobacco  ref useth  to  deliuer  the  Tobacco 
now  come  home,  vnlesse  the  Company  will  pay  twelue  pence  custome 
vpon  euery  pound  weight,  w'*"  is  double  aboue  the  booke  of  rates,  the 
same  being  Ijut  six  pence,  and  also  being  freed  by  his  Ma''''  Ires  Pat- 
tents  of  Impost  and  Ciistome  sauing  5  p  Cent:  It  is  now  agreed,  that 
a  Peticon  shalbe  drawne  to  the  LordC  Comissiouers  of  the  Treasury, 
and  haue  desired  my  Lo :  of  Warwicke,  S""  Nath :  Riche,  m''  Aldf  an 
lohnson  and  m'  Brooke  to  attend  their  Lo^"  vpon  ffriday  next  in  the 
Afternoone  for  the  cleering  of  the  same. 

It  was  moued  by  m'  Tfer,  that  in  reguard  the  time  of  the  yeare  pass- 
eth  away,  and  most  of  the  Company  retireth  themselues  into  the 
Country,  and  as  yet  a  great  deale  of  busines  is  to  be  performed  before 
the  departure  of  the  Shipp,  that  a  Comittee  might  be  appointed  i;o 
meete  euery  day  for  the  dispatch  of  the  same,  and  that  the  Generall 
Courts  be  dissolued  till  Michaelmas  terme,  vnlesse  there  be  an  extraor- 
dinary occasion,  that  m'  Thfer  or  m""  Deputy  call  an  extraordinary 
Court;  Which  being  approued  of  by  the  Court,  there  were  nominated 
S'  lohn  Dauers,  m'  Deputy,  m'  Alderman  lohnson,  m'  lohn  Wroth, 
m'Tho:  Gibbs,  m'Geo:  Thorpe,  m' Cranmer  and  m'  Chambers  to 
meete  at  m'  Tfers  for  dispatch  of  those  businesses. 


246  RECORDS  OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

M'  Deputy  acquaynting  this  Court,  that  the  Comittees  hauing  mett, 
and  devided  the  busiues  amongst  themsehies  for  the  speedier 
sending  away  of  this  shipp;  in  w''*'  as  some  of  them  are  to  be  [28] 
comended  by  performing  the  charge  comitted  to  their  trust ;  so  there 
are  some  to  whome  the  care  of  buying  appai'rell  was  comitted,  whoe 
part  of  them  being  out  of  Towue,  the  rest  haue  failed  therein;  iu 
whose  steeds  he  desires,  that  some  other  might  be  appointed  to  per- 
forme  that  trust ;  to  w'^^''  by  the  Court  is  appointed  m'  Cranmer,  m'  Bull 
and  Thomas  Mellinge. 

All  such  Bills  of  Exchange  as  were  now  sent  from  Abraham  Persey 
the  Capemerchant  concerning  the  Magazine  amounting  to  Eighte 
hundreth  pounds  specified  in  his  Letters,  is  by  the  Adventurers  thereof 
this  present  day  accepted  to  be  paid  from  this  present  at  the  deter- 
minacon  of  the  time  in  the  seuerall  Bills  specified. 

The  Comittees  for  the  Magazine  are  intreated  by  this  Com-t  to  vnder- 
take  for  the  cleering  of  these  good?  now  come  home  in  the  Witlm  and 
Thomas;  for  the  which  it  is  now  ordered,  that  they  shalbe  saued 
harmeles. 

It  was  now  ordered,  vpon  the  request  of  S'  Tho:  Wainman,  &  vpon 
certificate  to  the  Court  from  the  Lady  Lawarr,  that  shee  was  content 
soe  farr  to  satisfy  the  desire  of  the  said  S'  Tho :  Wainman  and  S''  lohn 
Tasborough,  w"'all  desiring  the  allowance  of  the  Court,  that  such  men 
as  shall  appeare  to  haue  beene  transported  by  the  Lo :  Lawarr  for  the 
said  Sir  Tho :  Wainman  &  S'  lohn  Tasbrough,  &  at  their  proper  costs 
and  charge  may  be  free  at  his  or  their  disposing  to  be  remoued  & 
planted  according  to  their  discrecons  vpon  such  shares  as  shalbe  by 
Pattent  gi'aunted  vnto  them,  for  the  w'"  her  Lap  is  content,  that  there 
shalbe  a  ratable  deduccon  made  out  of  the  proporcon  of  LandC 
allready  graunted  and  allowed,  or  hereafter  to  be  graunted  &  allowed 
vnto  the  said  Lo  Lawarr  for  his  Adventures :  And  that  the  Charter  pt 
w''''  his  Lo^  entred  into  may  not  extend  to  the  Losse  and  preiudice  of 
them.  It  being  noe  part  of  his  Lo^  or  Lads^  meaning  they  should 
suffer  for  that  his  Lo^  stood  engaged,  and  therefore  resteth  in  her 
Ladishipp  to  see  satisfied ;  W^''  was  also  now  confirmed  by  ereccon  of 
hands.     [20] 


JULY  21,  10 lU 


247 


niLY  THE  21th  lolo 

A  Court  held  at  M"  ffERRARs  howse  in 
St  Sythes  Lane,  Being  present 


Right  Honor'''"  Henry  Earle  of  Southam])ton. 
Robert  Earle  of  Warwicke. 


S'  Edwin  Sandis  Kn*  Thfer. 

S^Tho:  Smith. 

S^Tho:  Gates. 

S'  Edw:  Harwood. 

S'  lohnWolstenholme. 

m'  Aldfan  lohnsou. 

m*^  Xo  Brooke. 

m'  Morrice  Abbott. 

m'  lo :  fferrar  Dept. 

m^Tho:  Gibbs. 

m'  Do"^  Gulstone. 


Capt  S.  Argoll. 

m'        ^  Shepherd. 

Capt  D:  Tucker. 

m'Edw:  Scott. 

Capt  N:  Butler. 

m^Tho:  Couell. 

m'  Ni:  Leate. 

m'  Dan:  Darnelly. 

m^  Stiles.    . 

m'Robt:  Smith. 

m'  Clitherowe. 

m"^  Geo:  Smith. 

m"'  An:  Abdy. 

m'  fferrar  iunio"' 

m''  Robt.  Offley. 

m"'  Geo :  Chambers 

m'  W"  Palmer. 

m''  Balmford. 

m'  Caning. 

m'  Paulson. 

m'  Hen:  Briggs. 

m^  Woodall. 

m'  Meuerell.     etc. 

There  was  at  the  sitting  downe  of  the  Court  by  an  vnknowne  person 
presented  to  m''  Thfer  the  Letter  following ; 

To  S''  Edwin  Saudis  Thfer  of  Virgiuia. 

I  H  S 

Good  luck  in  the  name  of  the  Lord,  who  i.s  dayly  magnified  hy  the  experi- 
ment of  your  Zeale  and  Piety  in  giuinge  begining  to  the  foundacon  of 
the  Colledge  in  Virginia  the  sacred  worke  soe  due  to  Heauen  and  80e 
"Longed  for  one  eartli,  Now  knowe  wee  assuredly  that  the  Lord  will  doe 

'A  blank  apace  in  the  manuscript. 


248  EECORDS  OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

j^ou  good,  and  blesse  j'o"  in  all  your  proccedinirf  even  as  he  blessed  the 
howse  of  Obed  Edom  and  all  that  peitajued  to  him  because  of  the  Arke 
of  God,  Now  that  yee  seeke  the  kingdome  of  God,  all  thinges  shalbe 
ministrcd  vnto  yo";"  This  I  well  see  allready,  aud  perceiue  that  by  this  your 
godlie  determiiiacon,  the  Lord  hath  giuen  j'ou  ''  fauour  in  the  sight  of  the  peo- 
ple, and  I  knowe  some  whose  hearts  are  much  enlarged,  because  of  the  howse 
of  tiie  Lord  our  God  to  procure  yo""  wealth."  whose  greater  [30]  designes 
I  haue  presumed  to  outrun  with  this  oblacon  w^''  I  humbl}'  beseech  yo"  maj^ 
be  accepted  as  the  pledge  of  ray  Devocon  aud  as  the  earnest  of  the  Vowes  "w"'' 
I  haue  vowed  vnto  the  Allniighty  God  of  lacobb  concerning  this  thing,"  W''''  till 
1  may  in  part  pcrforme  I  desire  to  rcmaAue  vnkuowne  and  vnsought  after. 

The  thinges  ai-e  these 

A  Communion  Cupp  w"'  the  Couer  and  case. 
A  Trenclier  plate  for  the  Bread. 
A  Carpett  of  Crimson  Veluett. 
A  Linnen  Damaske  table  cloth. 

M'  Alderman  lohnson  reported,  that  according  to  the  trust  reposed 
by  the  last  Com-t  vnto  himself e  and  some  others  they  had  performed, 
by  being  w^'"  the  LordC  Comissioners  about  the  cleering  of  the  Tobacco 
now  come  home  agreable  to  the  Pattent,  whoe  referred  it  to  S'  Lyonell 
Cranfield  and  m'  Attorny  Generall,  but  they  being  out  of  Towne,  he 
desired  that  some  other  might  now  be  appointed  to  attend  the  Lord^ 
agayne  for  the  finishing  thereof:  Where  vpou  the  Court  haue  desired, 
the  Lo :  of  Warwicke,  S'Tho :  Gates,  Capt  Nath :  Butler,  m'  Clitherowe 
and  m''  W"  Caniuge  to  attend  them  at  such  time  as  Ifrancis  Carter 
shall  giue  them  notice  that  they  sitt. 

Sir  lohn  Wolstenholme  moued  the  Court  in  the  behalf e  of  Martins 
Hundred,  that  in  consideracon  of  the  Losse  they  haue  sustayned  by 
the  Guift,  w*^''  they  sett  out,  that  they  might  haue  shares  in  Virginia 
foreuery — 12 — 10 — 00  they  haue  therein  spent:  w'*'  if  the  Court  Avould 
please  to  graunte,  it  would  encourage  them  to  sett  out  ffifty  men  more 
in  convenient  time;  which  he  desired  might  be  putt  to  the  question. 
To  the  w"'',  reply  was  made  by  S''  Edwin  Sandis  Thfer,  that  hauing 
beene  priuately  acquaynted  w""  this  moeon,  and  hauing  throughly 
waighed  it,  he  could  not  givte  way  vnto  for  ffower  reasons; 


JUL  Y  21,  1619  249 

1.  ffirst  it  was  contrary  to  his  Ma"  Li-es  Pattents; 

2.  Secondly  it  was  rejmgnant  to  y""  Standing  orders  of  the  y"  Company. 

3.  Thirdly  it  failed  of  the  very  end  it  aymed  at,  for  it  was  not 
any  advancem'  to  the  planting  of  Martins  hundred. 

4.  ffoiirthl}''  it  was  preiudiciall  &  that  in  a  high  degree  to  the  General! 
Plantacon,  &  to  y"  strength,  peace  &  prosperity  of  y"  Collony.     [31] 

He  began  w""  the  second  reason  as  being  fresh  in  memory,  &  reading 
the  Orders  in  the  title  of  Graunts,  he  shewed,  that  all  LandC  were  to 
be  graunted  either  to  Planters  in  Virginia  by  their  persons,  or  to 
Adventurers  by  their  purses,  or  by  extraordinary  merritts  of  service. 
That  the  Adventurers  by  their  purses,  were  they  onely  and  their  Assign  - 
ees,  who  paid  in  their  seuerall  shares  of — 12 — 10 — to  the  Coinon  Treas- 
ure for  the  charges  of  transporting  men  to  the  priuate  Lands  of  the 
Adventurers,  there  was  also  allowance  made  to  them  of  50  Acres  the 
person.  But  noe  further  allowance  for  any  such  priuate  expences  as 
was  now  demaunded. 

Then  he  came  to  the  first  reason,  and  shewed  that  these  Orders  were 
not  newly  deuised,  but  taken  out  of  the  Lres  PattentC,  namely  the 
second  &  third ;  diners  passages  of  w'*'  he  there  openly  read,  importing 
that  the  Laud^  in  Virginia  were  to  be  deuided  amongst  the  Adven- 
turers by  mony,  or  service  and  the  Planters  in  person,  and  that  he  is 
to  be  reputed  an  Adventurer  by  money,  who  payeth  it  into  the  Com- 
panies Treasury,  insomuch  that  if  any  man  be  admitted  for  an  Adven- 
turer, and  huue  paid  in  noe  mony  to  the  Coinon  Treasury,  he  is  to  be 
compelled  thereto  by  suite  of  Lawe,  yea  though  he  neuer  subscribed 
to  any  such  payment,  as  is  expresly  sett  downe  in  the  Third  Lres 
Pattents. 

Thirdly  he  shewed,  it  was  not  beneficiall  to  them  of  Martins  hundred 
in  point  of  advantaging  their  perticuler  Plantacon,  for  the  benefitt 
grew  not  by  a  bare  title  to  Land,  but  by  cultivating  &  jjeopling  it  so 
to  reape  proffitt,  now  of  such  Land  it  was  in  euery  Adventurers  power 
to  haue  asmuch  as  he  pleased  w'^'out  any  other  payment :  ffor  if  an 
Adventurer  (for  examples  sake)  who  had  but  one  share  of  One  hun- 
dreth  Acres  would  send  ouer  Twenty  men  to  inhabite  &  occupy  it. 


250  RECORDS  OF  THE  YIRGINIA  COMPANY 

fewer  at  this  day  will  not  doe  it,  he  was  by  the  Orders  allready  estab- 
lished to  haue  for  these  20  an  addition  of — 1000 — Acres  of  Land  vpon 
a  first  deuision  and  as  much  more  vpon  a  second;  And  if  then  he 
would  also  people  his — 1000 — Acres  w"*  Ten  score  men  more,  he  were 
to  haue  another  addition  of — 10000 — Acres  more  vpon  a  first  deuision 
and  asmuch  vpon  a  second,  &  so  forward  to  what  extent  of  Land  him- 
self e  should  desire.  On  the  other  side  to  enlar£je  a  mans  right  vnto 
new  Land,  and  not  to  make  vse  and  proffitt  of  the  Old,  were  to  increase 
a  matter  of  opinion,  rather  then  of  realty,  &  a  shadowe  rather  then 
a  substance. 

Lastly  he  said  it  was  prieiudiciall  to  the  Generall  Plantaeon  in  many 
points  of  ymportance ;  first  in  matter  of  strength  for  those  titles  to 
great  extent  of  Land;  so  to  keex)e  other  from  it,  would  be  a  great 
weakning  to-  the  Collony  by  disioyning  the  parts  of  it  one  so  farr 
from  another  Yis  Vnita  Fortior. 

Againe  it  would  be  a  great  discouragem*  to  new  perticule'  Plantaeons 
if  either  they  must  sitt  dowue  of  bad  land,  the  best  being  all  taken  vp 
before  in  titles,  or  seeke  a  seate  farr  of  remote  from  helpe  and  society: 
Besides  whereas  by  the  orders  now  established,  men  are  to  encrease 
their  owne  LandC  there  by  transporting  of  peoi)le,  and  so  by  increasing 
the  Collony  in  strength  &  multitude,  the  vertue  and  good  intent  of 
this  Order  wilbe  defeated,  if  men  may  haue  their  Land^  encreased 
w'Wt  such  transportacon,  &  onely  by  f atio"'  &  plurallity  of  voicC  in  Co"'. 

[32]  Nowe  as  this  mocon  is  prieiudiciall  to  y"  strength  &  encrease  of 
the  Plantation,  so  is  it  also  to  the  peace  thereof,  good  governmen*  and 
iustice :  It  is  not  iust  that  a  man  should  be  paid  twice  for  the  same 
thing ;  ff or  the  men  transported  they  haue  allready  allowance  of  Land 
— 50-!- Acres  the  person  whither  dead  or  lining :  And  the  Charges  now 
spoken  of  was  but  in  transporting  those  men.  It  is  not  iust,  that 
things  equall  should  be  vnequally  valued ;  As  Martins  hundred  hath 
beene  at  great  charges,  so  §haue§  diners  other  hundreds,  so  haue 
also  beene  many  perticuler  persons,  Captaine  Bargraue  alone  hath 
bought  and  sett  out  diuers  shipps ;  if  besides  the  persons  transported,  he 
shall  hai;e  allowance  of  Land  oueragaine  for  all  his  charges,  perhaps 
he  may  take  vp  a  great  part  of  the  Riuer:  What  may  my  Lo:  Lawarr 


JULY  m,  1619  251 

doe"?  Sir  Tho:  Gates,  and  S'  Tho:  Dale,  besides  a  multitude  of  other 
who  haue  spent  a  Large  porcon  of  their  Estates  therein  and  are  not 
thought  on ;  if  all  these  men  come  in  w""  their  Accounts  for  all  their 
tyme,  what  a  confusion  &  disturbance  will  ensue  thereof?  shall  wee 
deny  that  to  them  w'^''  wee  allowe  vnto  o'  seines?  or  shall  wee  admitt 
of  their  demaund<  and  sett  them  out  Land  accordingly?  how  then 
shall  wee  pceed  in  examining  their  Accounts?  how  may  they  be 
cleered?  when  would  they  be  ended?  this  course  is  a  Laborinth  and 
hath  noe  issue. 

He  concluded,  that  he  had  allwayes  fauoured  the  desires  of  Mai'tins 
hundred ;  but  for  this  perticuler,  he  would  not  approue  it :  Howbeit 
if  men  were  not  satisfied  w*  these  reasons,  he  would  be  well  content, 
that  the  matter  might  be  referred  to  a  Quarter  Court,  vnto  W"*"  it  did 
more  properly  belong;  and  that  in  the  meane  time,  it  might  be  referred 
to  the  consideracon  of  a  Graue  Comittie  to  be  indifferently  chosen 
out  of  the  Generallity  and  Counsell. 

Vpon  this  S'  Edward  Harwood  propounded,  that  for  satisfaccon  and 
encouragement  of  Martins  hundred,  there  might  be  some  quantity  of 
Land  bestowed  vpon  them  by  way  of  gratuitj^  and  seruice :  w'''^  was 
generally  well  liked,  and  the  accomplishment  thereof  referred  to  the 
next  Quarter  Court,  &  in  the  meane  time  the  matter  should  be  pre- 
pai'ed  by  a  select  Comittee. 

And  whereas  the  said  S''  lohn  Wolstenholme  Long  since  Lent  the 
Company  at  one  time  300''  and  at  another  time — 100",  and  after  a  Long 
time  reeeaued  it  in  agayne  by  Litle  somes ;  that  therefore  in  consid  - 
eraeon  thereof,  and  that  he  receiued  noe  interest  for  the  same,  he 
moued,  that  the  Court  would  recompence  his  kindnes  by  giuing  him 
some  Land ;  w'''  was  now  thought  reasonable,  if  the  qrter  Co"^  (as  they 
doe  not  doubt)  shall  allow  thereof. 

Vpon  some  dispute  of  the  Polonians  resident  in  Virginia,  it  was  now 
agreed  (notw"'standing  anj^  former  order  to  the  contrary)  that  they 
shalbe  enfranchized,  and  made  as  free  as  any  inhabitant  there  what- 
soeuer:   And  because  their  skill  in  making  pitch  &  tarr  and  sope- 


252  RECORDS  OF  THE  VIROMIA  COMPANY 

ashees  shall  not  dye  w"'  them,  it  is  agreed  that  some  young  men, 
shalbe  put  vnto  them  to  learue  their  skill  &  knowledge  therein  for 
the  benefitt  of  the  Country  hereafter.     [3-3] 

It  was  ordered  vpon  consideracon  that  many  prineipall  men  departeth 
the  Court  at  or  before  six  of  the  Clock,  whereby  the  said  Court  is 
much  weakned,  that  from  henceforward  they  shall  begin  at  Two,  and 
end  at  six :  after  w''^  time  nothing  shalbe  agreed  of,  or  putt  to  the 
question :  w""^  was  confirmed  by  ereccou  of  handC. 

The  order  of  the  Last  Co'*  toiiching  the  dissoluing  of  the  Courts  till 
Michaelmas  terme,  being  now  putt  to  the  question,  was  ratified  by 
Generall  consent.  And  for  the  Magazine  Adventurers,  it  was  licenced 
for  them  to  meete  where  they  pleased  till  the  Generall  Co'''^  began 
againe,  and  soe  often  as  they  shall  see  cause,  or  be  invited  by  any 
occasion. 

An  Act  of  the  Co'''  made  Decinio  quarto  die  lunij  1619  concerning  a 
Pattent  graunted  to  lohn  Woodliefe  Gent  and  his  Associate  is  now 
by  the  consent  of  this  Court,  &  liking  of  the  said  John  Woodliefe 
altered,  &  is  to  goe  in  the  name  of  S''  Tho:  Wainman  &  Associate: 
And  is  agreed  vpon  the  request  of  the  said  S'  Tho:  Wainman,  that  a 
ti-e  of  informacon  there  of  shalbe  written  to  the  Goueruor,  inasmuch 
as  it  wilbe  the  qrter  Court  in  Michaelmas  terme  before  it  cann  passe 
the  scale,  and  that  in  the  Interim  he  desireth  land  to  be  allotted, 
wherevpon  to  plant  such  men,  as  shalbe  by  him  &  his  Associate  sent 
or  appoynted  there  vnto. 


I 


OCTOBER  20.  1619 


253 


OCTOBER  THE  20'"  1619 


S^Tho:  RoeKn'. 
W  lo:  Dauers. 
S^Tho:  Gates. 
m'Mo:  Abbott. 
m"^  lo :  fferrar  Dpt. 
m^Tho:  Gibbs. 
m''  Geo:  Thorpe, 
m''  D'  Anthony. 
m'  D'  Winstone. 


Present 

m''  C  Gulstone. 
m''  Hen:  ReignoldC. 
CaptS:  Argoll. 
m"^  Rich:  Rogers. 
m''  Hen:  Briggs. 
m'  W"  Caninge. 
m''  Geo:  Swinhowe. 
m'  Nich"  fferrar. 
m''  ^  Shepherd. 


m^Tho:  Keightly. 
m^Rich:  Bull. 
m'"Rich:  Wiseman, 
m'  lames  Berblock. 
m'  W"  Palmer, 
m"'  Rich:  Caswell, 
m''  Roberts, 
m^  Tho :  Melliug. 


It  was  made  knowne  by  m''  Deputy  that  the  time  being  expired, 
wherin  during  this  terme  of  vaeansye,  the  Generall  Courts  (accord- 
ing to  order)  haue  discontinued ;  they  are  now  to  proceed  againe  in 
their  due  course  every  fortnight,  this  day  moneth  being  a  Generall 
qrter  Coxart :  And  although  m'  Treasuror  be  yet  absent,  the  Company 
will  finde  at  his  coming  vp  next  weeke,  that  he  hath  not  beene  want- 
ing to  the  service  of  Virginia,  but  both  his  minde  and  time  wholly 
imployed  in  their  busines;  conteiTiing-  the  meanes  of  sending  large 
supplies  of  men  and  Cattle  for  Virginia  this  next  Spring.     [34] 

A  tre  being  sent  from  his  Ma*'*'  directed  to  m"'  Tfer  and  Counsell  for 
the  sending  diuers  dissolute  persons  to  Virginia,  w"*"  S'  Edward 
Zoucli  kn' Marshall  will  giue  informacon  of ;  after  the  Counsell  had 
pervsed  the  same,  was  brought  to  the  boord  and  read  to  the  Company, 
who  considering  there  was  noe  present  meanes  of  conveying  them  to 
Virginia,  though  fitt  to  reserue  the  full  answere  to  his  Ma*"'  Ire  till  the 
next  Court,  when  w"'  the  LordC  &  m''  Treasuror  it  might  be  agi-eed  how 
his  Ma'*'  ComaundC  might  most  speedily  and  conveniently  be  effected: 
In  the  meane  while  S'  lo :  Dauers  promised  to  acquaynt  m'  Secretarie 
Caluert  and  S'  Edw :  Zouch  the  reason  that  they  gaue  not  p'seut 
answere  to  his  Ma'"  gracious  Lre. 


'A  blank  space  in  the  niannscript. 


''  For  "conteniplntinj;." 


254  RECORDS  OF  THE  YIROINIA  COMPANY 

Mr.  Wiltm  Caninge  tooke  occasion  to  expresse  some  kinde  of  grief e 
for  the  long  want  of  Courts,  in  w"^''  he  had  hoped  of  redresse  in  the 
point  of  what  the  Co"  had  ordered  in  the  busines  betweene  him  and 
his  Assoeiats  defendants  against  Capt  Bargraue  in  Chauncery,  inti- 
mating that  if  the  Courts  had  continued  or  might  be  kept  at  S'  Tho : 
Smiths  he  would  not  doubt  of  the  whole  Courts  satisfaccon  otherwise 
then  had  beene.  Sir  Tho :  Smith  and  others  appearing  in  the  behalf e 
of  him,  and  the  defendants  against  Capt.  Bargraue,  but  S''  Thomas 
could  not  &  others  would  not  come  to  this  place ;  and  therefore  wished 
that  this  Court  had  beene  or  others  might  be  at  Sir  Tho :  Smiths  who 
had  soe  freely  and  courteously  offred  his  bowse ;  and  through  his  Long 
experience  and  good  will  to  the  Accon,  was  able  to  doe  the  Company 
very  extraordinary  service:  w""^  point?  concerning  the  abillities  & 
courtesyes  of  S'  Tho :  Smith  were  seconded  by  some  others ;  but  M' 
Caning  farther  vrging  the  reconsideracon  of  the  Acte  of  Co"  be- 
tweene him  and  his  Associate  and  Captaine  Bargraue,  and  A'ttering  some 
speeches  of  discontent,  that  onely  Gentlemen  had  beene  named  of  the 
Comittee,  desiring  a  new  refference  wherein  Citizens  might  also  be 
ioyned ;  he  was  told  of  his  wonted  manner  of  seeking  to  interpose  differ- 
ence betweene  Gentlemen  and  Cittizens,  a  thing  damned  heretofore  in 
Court  as  tending  to  onely  to  faction  and  disturbance  of  the  peace  of  the 
Company :  But  for  the  matter  of  his  moeou  to  haue  it  renewed  againe 
in  Co"  where  he  might  presume  to  produce  other  testimony,  or  parties 
that  had  not  either  notice  or  leasure  to  be  present  at  the  former  pro- 
ceedings, by  w""'  he  and  his  Associate  had  beene  vniustlie  preiudiced 
as  he  conceiued ;  Some  was  of  opinion  that  his  mocon  was  equitable ; 
neuertheles  it  was  held  fitt,  it  should  be  referred  to  be  moued  againe 
at  the  next  Court,  w''*'  should  be  like  to  be  of  a  greater  presence ; 
Likewise  wherein  Capt  Bargraue  might  be  also  heard  what  he  might 
speake  therevnto,  least  otherwise  he  might  hereafter  complaine  &  so 
keepe  the  Court  impertinently  imployed  to  order  backward  and  for- 
ward, and  euen  in  a  matter  twice  ordered  by  a  selected  Comittee 
chosen  by  the  Court,  who  had  a  chiefe  reguard  vnto  the  case,  as  it 
appeares  in  the  Court  Bookes.     [35] 


NOVEMBER  5,  1619 


255 


NOTTEMBER  THE  THIRD  1619: 


Being  present 

The  Right  Hono"^  The  Lo:  of  Warwick. 
Generall  Caesill. 


S'  Edwin  Sandis  Kn' 

S^Tho:  Roe. 

S'lo:  Dauers. 

S'  Harry  Rainsford. 

S^Tho:  Wroth. 

S'Nath:  Rich. 

S^Law:  Hide. 

m'  lohn :  fferrar  Dpt. 

m'  D'  Gulstone. 

m"^  D""  Winstone. 


Thfer. 
m"'  Geo :  Sandis. 
Capt  Argoll. 
Capt  Bargraue. 
Capt  Tucker, 
m^  Tho :  Gibbs. 
m'  Rich :  Tomlins. 
'  Steward. 
Geo:  Chambers, 
m'  lohn  Delbridge. 


m' 


m^Tho:  Keightley. 
m'  Shepherd. 
m'Edw:  Ditchfield. 
m^  Rich:  Wiseman. 
m'         ^  Bamford. 
m'  Caswell, 
m"^  Cranmer. 
m*^  Hen:  Briggs. 
m'  la :  Berblock. 
m'  Lewson,  etc. 


As  in  the  last  Court  M'  Deputy  acquaynted  them  of  m""  Thfer  so  he 
being  now  present  it  pleased  him  to  relate,  that  although  to  the 
time  giuen  him  by  the  Companies  orders  he  had  beene  absent 
yet  he  hath  not  beene  idle  to  Virginia,  as  he  will  giue  Accompt 
of:  And  therefore  he  had  to  offer  to  their  consideracon  a  Propo- 
sicon  for  the  inlarging  of  the  Plantation  in  the  publique.  And 
first  touching  the  Publiq,,  he  shewed  how  farr  the  Company  had 
allready  proceeded,  ffirst  in  lanuary  last  there  went  ffifty  men 
w""  S'  George  Yeardley  to  be  Tenants  of  the  Gouernors  land, 
whereof  there  failed  by  the  way  two  or  three,  and  six  were  now 
remayning  to  him  of  Capt  Argolls  guarde.  Afterward  in  Aprill  next 
twenty  men  should  haue  beene  sent  by  Xofer  Lawne  vnto  the 
Comon  Land,  but  he  deliuered  but  15  because  the  Company  per- 
formed not  w*  him,  touching  the  Loane  of  Corne  and  Cattle  as  he 
expected:     Then  4  more  were  sent  in  the  Triall  according  to  the 


16455— VOL  1—06 


-17 


'A  blauk  space  in  the  manuscript. 


256  RECORDS  OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

direccon  of  his  Ma"^  And  in  the  begining  of  August  Last,  one  hun- 
dreth  more  sent — 50 — to  the  Colledge  Land  and  50  to  the  Comon: 
And  for  one  hnndreth  persons  or  thereabout  w"*"  appeareth  to  haue 
beene  sent  in  these  2  or  3  last  yeares  at  the  Companies  charges,  S' 
Geo:  Yeardley  writeth  of  but  three  to  be  found  remayning  for  the 
Company;  So  that  there  is  by  this  Account  vpon  the  Coinon  Land 
72  persons,  53  on  the  Gouernors,  and  50  on  the  Colledges :  175  in  the 
Avhole.  Therefore  he  proposed  now  to  be  considered  of  against  the 
Quarter  Court  this  day  fortnight  that  there  might  be  sent  the  next 
Spring  130  men  more,  w"*"  will  make  those  allready  sent  for  the  Gou- 
erno'  Colledge,  and  Coinon  Land  the  full  nomber  of  Three  hundred, 
and  so  the  Gouerno"'  to  haue  100  men  w"*"  will  not  be  lesse  worth  then 
One  thowsand  pound?  p  Ann  as  it  is  esteemed.  As  for  the  benefitt 
of  their  labors  of  the  Comon  Land,  it  standeth  otherwise,  for  their 
moity  is  to  be  deuided  betweene  the  Counsell  and  Officers  there,  [36] 
and  for  other  publique  vses,  and  betweene  the  Company  here,  ffor 
the  Counsell  who  attend?  there,  when  the  Gouernor  at  all  times  shall 
please  to  call  them,  cannot  neglect  their  busines  w^'out  reward ;  soe 
likewise  here,  the  Company  may  not  expect,  that  although  their 
Tfer  for  the  time  past  and  pnte,  as  also  the  Deputies  of  late  serue 
meerely  out  of  theu-  zeale  and  loue  to  the  Accon,  yet  those  that 
shall  succeede  will  happily  expect  a  yearely  gratificacon,  when  the 
Company  shalbe  enabled  by  their  Rents  to  yeild  it.  And  for  the 
Colledge,  there  is  noe  doubt  but  the  benefitt  ensuing  will  build  it, 
and  raise  a  Revennue  for  the  mayntenance.  He  also  thovight  it  fitt 
to  send  100  more  to  be  Prentizes  or  Servants  that  the  rest  may 
goe  on  more  cheerefully,  wherein  he  hoped  the  citty  would  deale 
as  worthily  as  heretofore.  Lastly  he  wished  that  a  fitt  hundreth 
might  be  sent  of  woemen.  Maid?  young  and  vncorrupt  to  make 
wifes  to  the  Inhabithnt?  and  by  that  meanes  to  make  the  men  there 
more  setled  &  lesse  moueable  who  by  defect  thereof  (as  is  credibly 
reported)  stay  there  but  to  gett  something  and  then  to  returne  for 
England,  w"*"  will  breed  a  dissolucon,  and  so  an  ouerthrow  of  the 
Plantacon.  These  woemen  if  they  marry  to  the  publiq,  ffarmors,  to 
be  transported  at  the  charges  of  the  Company;  If  otherwise,  then 
those  that  takes  them  to  wife  to  pay  the  said  Company  their  charges  of 


NOVEMBER  3,  1619  257 

transportacon,  and  it  was  neuer  fitter  time  to  send  them  then  nowe. 
Corne  being  here  at  home  soe  cheape  and  plentiful!,  and  great  prom- 
ises there  for  the  Haruest  ensuing.  Then  to  euery  100  men,  he 
aduised  there  might  be  sent  20  young  Heifers  w""  wilbe  Threescore, 
and  they  w"'  their  breed  will  soone  store  the  Publique.  He  also 
shewed,  that  the  Inhabitants  hauing  had  great  ioy  by  the  Charters  of 
Graunts  and  Liberties  lately  sent  by  S""  Geo :  Yeardley,  desired  now  to 
haue  choise  men  sent  them  from  the  Lowe  Countries  to  raise  ffortifi- 
cations,  whose  charge  they  will  beare,  wherein  my  Lo:  Generall 
Cesills  assistance  was  perticulerly  entreated.  Then  he  spoke  of  the 
way  of  transporting  these  persons,  w*^""  by  reason  of  the  intoUerable 
charge  the  Company  is  at  by  sending  ships,  that  that  course  should 
be  left  of  and  rather  send  by  those  that  trade  to  Newf oimdland  at  Six 
pounds  a  man,  w*^*"  wilbe  found  to  be  great  ease  vnto  the  Company; 
but  for  the  Catle  a  shipp  must  be  sent  on  purpose,  vnlesse  a  bargayne 
may  be  made  for  them  at  10'' —  a  peece,  as  he  hath  some  hope  giuen 
him  that  it  may  be.  The  totall  charge  of  all  this,  furnishing  the  men 
reasonably  w'"  all  things  requisite,  will  amount  (as  he  hath  computed 
it)  not  aboue  ffower  thowsand  pounds ;  And  one  thowsand  more  will 
furnish  them  in  best  sort.  Then  how  this  mony  shall  come  in,  he 
shewed  how  much  the  Company  was  bound  to  giue  thankes  to  God  for 
all  his  blessings,  who  continually  rayseth  meanes  for  the  supporting 
of  this  worke,  making  mencon  of  one  vnknowne  Gentleman  that  hath 
offred  to  send  to  him  500" —  for  the  converting  and  educacon  of 
Threescore  Infidells  Children,  whensoeuer  he  shall  require  the  same 
&  vndertake  that  worke.  And  also  that  vpon  his  tres  he  had  receaued 
advertizement  from  sundry  parts  and  some  of  them  very  remote,  that 
if  they  goe  on  w*"  this  busines  they  shall  not  want  for  money.  Like- 
wise Gabriell  Barbor  [37]  hath  promised  of  Lottary  monies  to  bring 
in  before  the  end  of  March  35  hundreth  pounds,  w"*"  he  intends  accord- 
ing to  the  promise  made  vnto  the  LordC  shall  goe  to  noe  other  end  but 
the  advancement  of  the  Plantacon.  And  for  the  Three  thowsand 
poundC,  w''"  was  spoken  of  when  he  entred  to  be  Tfer  he  hath  not  as 
yet  receaued  the  whole,  but  as  it  cometh  in,  it  shall  all  goe  for  the 
payment  of  former  debts  and  dueties,  whereof  he  had  discharged 
aboue  2000"  allready,  promising  that  he  will  not  leaue  the  Company 


258  RECORDS  OF  TEE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

one  penny  in  debt  by  anj^  Act  to  be  done  by  him.  And  for  the  ratifi- 
cacon  hereof,  he  referred  it  to  the  qrter  Co'*,  onely  now  proposing  it, 
that  in  the  interim  it  might  be  considered  of  hy  the  Company. 

Next  he  acquainted,  that  the  Counsell  sitting  this  morning  at  my 
Lord  of  Southamptons,  there  were  some  mocons  made  for  y"  bnsines 
at  home,  one  was  concerning  Tobacco  in  General!,  that  the  planting 
of  it  here  would  be  the  destruccon  of  the  Plantation,  and  therefore 
that  the  Company  might  be  humble  suito"  for  an  inhibicon  thereof ; 
but  this  was  conceaued  might  be  a  scandall  for  Virginia,  as  that  it 
could  not  subsist  w'^'out  that  weed,  intending  very  shortly  to  sett  in 
hand  with  Iron-workes,  &  the  Country  affording  diuers  other  good 
comodities,  as  Silke,  Silkegrasse,  Corne,  Vines,  etc.  And  therefore 
it  was  thought  better  by  the  Counsell,  forasmuch  as  the  ffarmors  of 
Impost  had  it  on  foote  allready  that  they  proceed,  and  the  Company 
as  they  see  occasion  to  assist  them,  ffor  the  perticuler  Tobacco  of  the 
Adventurers  remayning  in  the  Custome  howse,  he  was  desired  by  the 
Counsell  to  drawe  a  Ire  in  then-  [names,  and  to  be  signed  by  them, 
w*^^  he  promised  forthw'*"  to  performe,  to  be  addressed  vnto  the  Kings 
Lerned  Counsell,  shewing  the  priuiledges  of  their  Pattent,  and  the 
Losse  they  haue  sustayned  by  this  extreame  delay  w"*  earnest  request 
of  present  expedicon.  And  seeing  that  m''  lacobb  contrary  to  the 
priuiledges  of  their  said  Pattent ;  the  Letter  of  his  Ma"  priuy  Counsell 
in  their  behalf e,  and  the  Adventurers  offer  to  leaue  halfe  w""  him, 
that  they  might  obtaine  the  other  halfe  to  sell  away  that  it  might  not 
all  perish,  had  reiected  all  mocons  and  meanes  of  agreement,  and  in 
contempt  of  their  Lo"''  Letter  refused  to  deliuer  it  vpon  those  reason- 
able condicons  sett  downe  by  their  Lps,  that  therefore  he  thought  it 
very  expedient  (the  LordC  consents  being  first  obtayned)  that  the 
Company  comence  an  Accon  of  damages  against  him,  the  losse  they 
haue  receaued  being  estimated  by  many  at — 2500" — w*"''  mocon  so  suted 
w"'  the  desire  of  the  Court  (sailing  that  the  LordC  consent  was  thought 
vnnecessary)  that  for  the  rest  they  intreated  it  might  be  putt  to  the 
question:  w"*"  being  done,  and  also  propounding  whither  the  suite 
shall  proceed  at  the  Comon  charge,  being  for  the  mayutennce  of  the 
Pattent,  and  the  Magazine  to  appoint  Sollicitors,  was   ratified  by 


NOVEMBER  J,  1619  259 

ereccon  of  hand^;  The  Court  hauing  now  chosen  for  their  Counsell, 
S"'  Lawrence  Hide  and  m"'  Xof  er  Brooke ;  And  to  sollicite  the  cause 
m"'  Tho:  Melling  for  the  Company,  m"'  lames  Berblock  for  the  Maga- 
zine, and  m'  Richard  Caswell  is  entreated  to  assist  them.     [38] 

According  to  the  refference  in  the  Last  Court  his  Ma"  Lre  was  now 
taken  into  most  dutifull  consideraeon,  and  it  was  agreed  w""  all  con- 
venience to  fulfill  his  Ma'"  comaund,  and  to  send  them  ouer  to  be 
servants,  w""  wilbe  very  acceptable  vnto  the  Inhabitants,  as  m'  Thfer 
hath  vndei'stood  from  them,  and  in  the  meane  time  till  they  may  be 
sent,  w''''  wilbe  about  January,  M"'  Treasuror  shewed,  that  in  like  case 
the  Lo :  Maior  had  beeue  sollicited  to  giue  order  for  the  keeping  of 
them  in  Bridewell,  w'*"  was  answered  to  be  performed  allready,  and 
the  Covirt  desired  m'  Treasuror  to  giue  his  Ma'^  an  answere  by 
m"'  Secretary  Caluert. 

Mr  lohn  Delbridge  mocon  for  a  Pattent  to  be  graunted  him  and  his 
Associats  intending  to  transport — 200 — men  was  assented  vnto  and 
referred  to  the  Auditors  vpon  Monday  morning  to  haue  his  Pattent 
perfected. 

Whereas  m'  W"  Canings  complaint  the  last  Court  was  referred  vnto 
this  present  to  be  heard  betwixt  Captaine  Bargraue  &  him,  he  being 
now  absent  was  by  diuers  now  present  censured  to  be  a  great  disturber 
of  the  peace  of  the  Company,  &  molester  of  the  Courts  w'^  matter  of 
ff action :  Therefore  when  the  Counsell  meetes,  that  he  be  warned  to 
attend  them  to  receiue  admonieon  and  if  that  after  he  continue  in  his 
wonted  byas,  that  then  he  be  disfranchized  according  to  a  standing 
order  in  that  behalf e. 

And  whereas  formerly  a  seale  for  the  Company  called  the  Legall  seale 
was  referred  vnto  a  Comittee  to  consider  tt  §in§  what  manner  it  should 
be,  and  nothing  as  yet  done  therein;  It  was  agreed  that  M'  Claren- 
tious  be  intreated  to  giue  the  Auditors  sometimes  a  meeting  at  S'' 
Edwin  Saudis,  where  they  will  deuise  to  take  a  Cote  for  Virginia  and 
agree  vpon  the  Seale. 


260  RECORDS  OF  THE  VIROINIA  COMPANY 

fforasmuch  as  noe  deuision  of  the  lointstock  is  yet  made  to  the 
Adventurers,  according  long  since  to  promise,  nor  any  acc°  heth- 
erto  presented  (though  often  called  for)  whereby  they  may  vnder- 
stand  the  state  of  the  busines,  and  other  Accounts  intermixed 
w'"  them  be  cleered;  therefore  vpon  generall  request  of  the  Ad- 
venturers now  pnte,  it  was  agreed  that  the  Counsell  be  entreated  to 
take  the  busines  into  their  handC,  and  to  call  the  Officers  of  the 
Magazine  before  them  to  giue  vp  their  Acc°,  as  also  to  heare  aswell 
the  obieccons  of  the  Adventurers,  as  the  answeres  of  the  Officers, 
that  soe  right  be  done,  and  the  differences  Long  depending  may  be 
f  reindly  decided  and  ended :  W''  mocon  was  also  extended  to  such 
accompts  of  the  former  Magazine  as  remayne  yet  vucleared.     [39] 

And  although  the  Company  is  allready  exceedingly  behoulding  to  my 
Lord  of  Southampton  for  his  many  bono'"'''  fauo"  &  nobly  counte- 
nancing them  in  all  their  businesses,  and  especially  such  as  is  of  great- 
est importance ;  yet  notw^'standing  the  Co''  are  most  humble  suitors 
vnto  his  Loj>,  that  he  would  please  also  in  these  businesses  of  so  great 
importance,  and  w"''  haue  beene  the  onely  cause  of  distraecon  and  dis- 
cention  in  the  Company,  to  vouchsafe  his  presence  at  that  meeting  of 
the  Counsell,  that  by  his  Lo^'  and  their  authority,  those  differencs 
might  be  concluded,  the  Comp  satisfied  in  their  right,  and  all  occa- 
sion of  continuing  iealousies  and  displeasui'es  be  remoued :  W*"  mocon 
being  made  by  m"^  Thf  er  was  by  Generall  ereccon  of  handC  confii'med 
noe  one  dissenting. 

M'  Thfer  also  moued,  that  Captaine  Bargi-aue  should  be  desu-ed  by 
the  Court,  that  at  leastwise  after  the  examinacon  of  his  witnesses 
(vpon  w*^**  he  resolutely  insisted)  he  would  then  be  content  to  referr 
the  Controuersy  betweene  him  and  some  other  of  the  Company,  to  be 
heard  in  like  sort  and  arbitrated  by  the  Counsell,  that  so  all  cause  of 
scandall  and  discord  amongst  the  Company  might  haue  an  end :  Vnto 
w"''  Captaine  Bargraue  gaue  his  consent,  and  the  same  was  generally 
well  approued  of  by  the  Court. 


NOVEMBER  15,  1619 


261 


NOUEMBER  THE  15*"  1619 

A  Peeparatiue  Court  held  for  Virginia  at 

M"   ffERRARS   HOWSE   IN   S''   SyTHES   LaNE.    PRESENT 


The  Right  Hono'^ 

m"^  Treasurer. 
S^Tho:  Roe. 
S'  lo:  Dauers. 
S'Tho:  Wroth. 
S'H:  Rainsford. 
S'Nath:  Rich. 
S''  Id:  Wolstenholme. 
S'  Anth :  Aucher. 
S^Ro:  Winchfeild. 
m''  Geo :  Sandis. 
m"^  lo :  fferrar  Dpt. 
m"^  D""  Anthony. 


The  Lo:  of  Southampton. 
The  Lo:  Cauendish. 
The  Lo :  Pagett. 

m""  D'  Winstone. 
Capt:  S.  ArgolL 
Capt  Bargraue 
m'  Ruggell. 
in''Aug:  Steward, 
m'  Shepherd, 
m"^  Bamford. 
m'  Keightley. 
m"'  Briggs. 
m""  Meuerell. 
m'  Lewson. 


m''  Swinhowe. 

m''  Wiseman. 

m.""  Couell. 

m'^  Cranmer. 

m"'  Berblock. 

m"'  Smith. 

m''  Chambers. 

m"^  Boothby. 

m"^  Bland. 

m''  Melling. 

m"'  E :  Robei'ts.  etc. 


M'  Tfers  proposicon  at  the  last  Court  being  now  I'ead  and  consid- 
ered of,  S'  lohn  Wolstenholme  intimated,  that  for  his  part  [40] 
he  liked  them  very  well,  but  w^'all  moued  that  some  of  the  Companj' 
might  be  appointed  by  the  Court  to  examine  whither  the  monies  to 
come  in,  would  be  sufficient  to  doe  this,  and  to  leaue  some  remaj'ning 
in  the  Treasury  to  defray  such  charges  as  either  by  his  Ma"*  eomaund 
for  the  sending  ouer  such  men  as  he  shall  write  for,  or  otherwise  may 
accidentally  happen.  Where vnto  was  answered,  that  these  Proposi- 
cons  had  beene  formerly  proposed  to  the  Counsell  at  Southampton 
howse,  where  they  were  generally  approued  to  be  beneficiall  and 


262  RECORDS  OF  THE  YIROINIA  COMPANY 

advantagious  for  the  Plantacon,  And  therefore  not  fltt  they  should  be 
reassumed  from  thence  to  a  priuate  Comittie,  Esteeming  the  Counsell 
the  chief  est  Comittee  could  be  chosen.  Also  mr.  Tfer  to  the  generall 
satisfaccon  of  the  whole  Court  made  this  answere,  that  for  those 
nombers  to  be  setled  on  the  Comon,  Gouernors  and  CoUedge  Land, 
he  would  not  leaue  the  Company  indebted  one  penny :  As  for  former 
debts  he  had  allready  paid  aboue  2000"  towards  discharging  of  them, 
and  a  1000"  he  would  pay  when  it  came  in,  w'^''  was  asmuch  as  was 
left  vnto  him,  doubting  not  but  that  the  yearely  comodities  coming 
out  of  Virginia,  would  henceforward  defray  all  accidentall  charges ; 
it  hauing  beene  truly  alleadged  before,  that  the  planting  and  peopling 
of  the  Companies  Land  was  the  surest  way  to  bring  in  Revennue.  It 
was  alsoe  answered  by  others,  that  all  that  was  in  Cashe  was  but  to 
be  imployed  to  the  advancem*  of  the  Plantacon,  and  that  there  could 
be  noe  better  worke  to  further  that  then  this,  nor  nothing  more  hurt- 
fuU  then  to  leaue  vnperformed  those  designes  &  workes  w"*"  themselues 
are  certaine  and  good,  for  things  accidentall  and  vncertaine;  So  as 
noe  man  further  opposing.  The  former  Obieccon  vanished.  And  it 
was  moued  by  my  Lo:  of  Southampton,  that  the  Court  hauing  now 
heard  the  Proposieons  read,  if  they  made  scruple  of  any  thing,  that  it 
might  be  now  debated  at  full  against  the  Quarter  Court.  But  noe 
man  either  seconding  the  former,  or  raising  any  new  obieccon,  the 
Proposieons  rested  w**"  generall  approbacon  of  the  Court. 

Touching  the  Legall  scale  spoken  of  in  the  last  Court,  the  Auditors  at 
their  Assembly  haue  therein  taken  some  paynes,  w'^''  they  now  pre- 
sented to  this  Courte :  And  whereas  they  had  spoken  to  one  for  the 
cutting  of  it,  there  is  one  m''  Hole  who  would  appropriate  that  vnto 
him  selfe  vnder  pretence  of  hauing  a  Pattent  for  the  engrauing  all 
seales,  w*^**  hath  the  Kings  Armes  or  any  part  thereof,  w'^''  he  now  pre- 
sented to  the  Court,  and  m'  Tfer  pervsing  the  same,  found,  that  it 
was  for  the  Kinges  armes,  but  not  for  any  part  thereof,  and  therefore 
appointed  them  to  repaire  to  m''  Xofer  Brooke  of  Lincolnes  Inne  to 
examine  it,  and  to  bring  his  opinion  vnder  his  hand  in  writing,  & 
accordingly  it  should  be  determined. 


NOVEMBER  16,  1619  263 

Next  for  the  order  of  the  Magazine  Acc°  referred  to  the  Counsell,  My 
Lord  of  Southampton  was  humbly  desired  to  lend  his  presence  for  the 
concluding  of  it:  This  and  the  former  Magazine  being  the  cause  [41] 
of  all  discentions  that  hath  beene  amongst  the  Company,  who  hath 
promised  his  assistance.  And  S'  lohn  Wolstenholme  for  the  better 
concluding  thereof  hath  also  promised  that  he  will  giue  order  for  the 
meeting  of  some  of  the  Adventurers,  together  w""  m''  Essington  to 
examine  the  State  of  the  Magazine,  &  the  Accounts  against  the 
Counsell  meete. 

M'  Tfer  also  signified,  touching  the  Standing  orders  that  nothing  is 
done,  in  w"*"  time  discouereth  not  some  imperfeccons,  acquaynting 
that  some  §  stood  in  §  need  of  some  small  explanacon,  and  that  there 
needed  to  be  an  addicon  of  Two  or  three  more,  w"*"  although  yet  they 
cannot  be  soe  absolute  as  the  others,  wanting  the  Ceremonies  due 
vnto  them,  yet  till  that  be  performed  they  stand  (if  the  Company  soe 
please)  as  orders  of  a  Quarter  Court,  w''''  to  that  Court  was  referred. 

M'  Tfer  desired  the  allowance  of  this  Court  of  one  thing  agi-eed  of  by 
the  Aviditors  and  Comittees  of  the  Colledge,  w''''  was  that  1400" — od 
mony  in  all  being receaued  of  the  Colleccon  monyes  byS'Tho:  Smith, 
of  w'^''  vpon  seuerall  occasions,  therewas  vented  by  way  of  Loane  for 
the  vse  of  the  Company  Eight  hundreth  pounds,  the  Remainder  being 
500"  odd  money  was  paid  vnto  mr.  Treasuro';  Therfore  that  the  said 
800" — might  be  reimbursed  out  of  the  Coinon  Cash  in  to  the  Colledge 
mony,  w""  was  ratified  and  allowed  of  by  the  Court. 

Vpon  a  peticon  exhibited  by  the  wife  of  Abraham  Persey,  that  in  lieu 
of  his  Long  service  done  the  Company,  they  would  gratify  him  w"* 
giuing  him  some  Laud  in  Virginia:  w'''  sundry  of  the  Co"  aeknowl- 
edgin[g]  his  paynfuU  endeauo''',  haue  agreed  for  the  present  to  giue 
him  200  Acres  (if  the  Quarter  Court  vpon  Wedensday  next  shall  allowe 
thereof ;  And  hereafter  as  they  finde  him  discharge  the  busines  reposed 
vpon  him,  to  reward  him  accordingly. 


264  RECORDS  OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

Also  vpon  the  peticon  of  Mathew  Cauell  Master  of  the  W"  &  Thomas, 
shewing  that  in  consideracou  of  a  Bote  &  ship  Anchor  deliuered  to 
Capt  Samuell  ArgoU  for  the  vse  and  benefitt  of  the  Plantation,  Reed 
of  the  said  Capt  ArgoU  in  Virginia  his  freedome  &  400  w"  of  Tobacco, 
w'^''  since  his  coming  home,  he  could  not  receiue  from  the  Custome 
howse  w'^out  putting  in  caution  to  pay  to  m'  lacobb  Two  shillings  a 
pound,  therefore  in  reguard  of  his  said  freedome,  desired  he  might 
Copart  of  the  like  priuiledges  the  Company  doe.  W"''  was  answered, 
that  Capt  Argoll  could  not  giue  him  his  freedome,  for  none  can  be  free 
but  by  two  wayes,  either  by  money  brought  in,  or  by  some  extraor- 
dinary service :  Wherein  was  alleadged,  that  he  did  speciall  service 
in  the  begining  of  the  Plantacon :  Wherevpon  he  was  appointed  to 
make  knowne  his  deserts  in  writing,  &  accordingly,  he  should  receaue 
the  Companies  fauour.     [42] 


NOVEMBER  17,  1619 


265 


At  a  great  and  generall  Quarter  Court 

HOULDEN   for   VIRGINIA   ON   WeDENSDAY 
THE    17"'    OF    NOUEMB    1619.  WeRE    PRESENT. 


The  Right  hono'^ 


Henry  Earle  of  Southampton. 
Robt  Earle  of  Warwick. 
The  Lo:  Cauendish. 
TheLo:  Sheffeild. 
TheLo:  Pagett. 


S'EdwrSandisKn'Th 

Per. 

S'Tho:  Roe. 

Tho:  Gibbs. 

m'  Chambers. 

S^Dud:  Diggs. 

Geo:  Sandis. 

m'  Palmer. 

S''  flfran:  Popham. 

Arth:  Bromfield. 

m^  Whitley. 

S^Tho:  Gates. 

lohn  Bargraue. 

m'  Morer. 

S'  Ferdinand :  Gorges. 

Capt.  S.  Argoll. 

m^  Ditchfield. 

S''  Id:  Dauers. 

Hen:  ReignoldC. 

m"^  Edwardes. 

S'  Hen;  Rainsford. 

August  Steward. 

m''  Wiseman. 

S'Tho:  Wilford. 

Ri:  Tomlins. 

m"'  Shepherd. 

S'Ro:  Winchfield. 

Tho  Wells. 

m''  Cranmer. 

S-'Tho:  Cheeke. 

Edw:  Brewster. 

m'  Be-rblock. 

S'Nath:  Rich. 

m'  lo:  fferrar  Dpt. 

m'  Rogers. 

S'Tho:  Wroth. 

m'  Hanford. 

m'  Couell. 

S'lo:  Wolstenholme. 

m'  Clitherowe. 

m'  Boothby. 

D^Math:  Sutcliff. 

m''  Nich :  fferrar. 

m'  Caswell. 

D^Fr:  Anthony. 

m^  Hen:  Briggs. 

m"^  Barnard. 

D^Theod:  Gulstone. 

m''  Caning. 

m""  Roberts. 

D'Tho:  Winstone. 

m"  Bland. 

m'  Geo :  Smith 

D'  Law:  Bohun. 

m'  Bull. 

m'  Meuerell. 

Phillip  Chidley,  Esq,. 

m'  Keightley. 

m'  Boulton. 

lohn  Wroth. 

m'  Mellinge. 

Before  the  reading  of  the  Co'*'  there  was  presented  by  m'  Tfer  a  list 
of  all  the  Counsello"  names  of  Virginia,  being  of  Earles,  Barons, 
Knights,  Gentlemen  and  Citizens  about  100  in  all,  w""  this  Caution 


266  RECORDS  OF  TEE  VIROINIA  COMPANY 

that  if  any  heard  themsekies  named,  and  had  not  taken  theii-  Oaths, 
they  were  to  repair  to  the  Lo :  Chauucello"^  or  the  Lo :  Chamberlaiue 
to  be  sworne. 

Afterward  the  writing  eonteyning  an  addiCon  &  explanacon  of  cer- 
taine  Lawes  and  orders  for  the  Company  presented  in  the  Preparatiue 
Court,  was  now  againe  read  and  by  generall  consent  referred  to  the 
Comittee  formerly  chosen  for  the  Lawes  &  orders  of  the  Company. 

The  Coui'tes  being  read,  m'  Treasuror  putt  the  Court  in  remembrance 
of  his  former  Proposicons  propounded  in  the  Co"^  iij°  Die  Nouembris 
hauing  before  that  propounded  them  to  the  Counsell,  and  lastly  to  [43] 
the  Preparatiue  Court,  and  desired  to  haue  the  iudgment  of  this  Great 
and  Generall  Court  concerning  them:  Where,  vpon  the  request  of 
some  noble§meu§  pnte,  he  related  them  againe  to  the  Co"  in  effect  as 
f  oUoweth ; 

Mr.  Thfer  therefore  declared,  that  his  care  and  duety  running  ioyntlie 
for  the  advancem'  of  this  noble  Plantation,  his  desire  carried  him 
chiefly  to  the  restoring  of  the  Public^'  now  lately  decayed,  and  the 
reforming  of  some  errors,  w*^*"  had  directed  their  charges  and  the  labo" 
of  the  Collony  to  a  wrong  and  vnworthy  course,  and  greatly  to  the 
disgrace  and  hurt  of  the  Plantacon :  ffor  whereas  not  much  aboue 
Three  yeares  agoe  there  were  returned  from  Virginia  Twelue  severall 
Comodities  sold  openly  in  Court  to  the  great  bono"  of  the  Accon  and 
eneouragem'  of  the  Adventurers :  Since  that  time  there  hath  beene 
but  litle  returned  worth  the  speaking  of,  saue  Tobacco  and  Sassaphras, 
which  the  people  there  wholy  applying,  had  by  this  misgouernem' 
reduced  themselues  into  an  extremity  of  being  ready  to  starue  (vnles 
the  Magazine  this  last  yeare  had  supplyed  them  w""  Corne  and  Cattle 
from  hence)  to  the  stopping  and  great  discouragem*  of  many  hundreds 
of  people,  who  were  prouiding  to  remoue  themselues  to  plant  in  Vir- 
ginia. The  cause  of  this  erro"^  he  would  not  insist  vpon,  as  loth  to 
giue  offence  by  glaunce  of  speech  to  any,  but  for  remedy  thereof 
(besides  often  letters  from  the  Counsell  sent  lately  to  the  Gouernour 

'  Thia  term  refers  to  the  Company  land  or  property  in  Virginia. 


NOVEMBER  17,  1619  267 

for  restraint  of  that  imoderate  following  of  Tobacco  and  to  cause  the 
people  to  apply  themselues  to  other  and  better  comodities)  he  had 
also  by  the  advice  of  his  Ma*^  Counsell  here,  and  according  to  one  of 
the  new  orders  now  propounded,  caused  to  be  drawne  a  new  Covenant 
to  be  incerted  in  all  Pattents  of  land  hereafter  to  be  graunted,  that 
the  Pattentees  should  not  apply  themselues  wholly  or  chiefly  to 
Tobacco,  but  to  other  Comodities  specified  in  the  said  Couennt,  An 
example  whereof  they  should  see  in  the  Pattent  lying  before  them  to 
be  passed  in  this  Court  to  m'  lohn  Delbridge  and  his  Associats.  Now 
touching  the  Publique,  he  was  first  to  present  to  their  remembrance 
how  by  the  admirable  industry  of  Two  worthie  knightC  S''  Tho :  Gates 
and  S'  Tho:  Dale,  it  was  sett  forward  in  a  way  to  greate  perfeccon, 
whereof  the  former  S'  Tho :  Gates  had  the  bono''  to  all  posterity  to  be 
the  first  named  in  his  Ma'"  Pattent  of  graunt  of  Virginia,  and  was  the 
first  who  by  his  wisedome,  valo''  &  industry,  accompanied  w""  exceed- 
ing paines  and  patience  in  the  middest  of  so  many  difficulties  laid  a 
foundacon  of  that  prosperous  estate  of  the  Collonie,  which  afterward 
in  the  vertue  of  those  beginings  did  proceed.  The  latter,  S'Tho: 
Dale  building  vpon  those  foundacons  w'^  gi'eat  &  constant  seuerity, 
reclaymed  almost  miraculously  those  idle  and  disordered  people  and 
reduced  them  to  labour  and  an  honest  fashion  of  life,  and  proceeding 
w"*  great  zeale  to  the  good  of  this  Company  sett  vp  the  Coiiion 
Garden  to  yield  them  a  standing  revennue,  placed  servants  vpon 
it,  as  also  vpon  other  Publiq,  workes  for  the  Companies  vse.  Estab- 
lished an  Annuall  rent  of  Corne  from  the  ffarmers.  Of  tribute 
Corne  from  the  Barbarians,  together  w""  a  great  stock  of  Kine, 
Goates,  and  other  Cattle,  being  the  goodC  of  the  Companie  for  the 
service  of  the  Publiq,,  w*^*"  hath  since  beene  the  occasion  of  drawing 
so  many  perticuler  Plantacons  to  seate  in  Virginia  vpon  hope  [44] 
and  promise  of  plenty  of  Corne  and  Catle  to  be  lent  them  from  the 
Publiq,  for  their  ease  and  beuefitt  vpon  their  first  ariuall.  But  since 
their  times  all  these  publiq,  j)rouisions  hauing  beene  vtterly  Laid 
wast  by  such  meanes  as  hereafter  in  due  time  shall  appeare.  It  hath 
beene  his  principall  care  in  those  places  wherein  it  pleased  the  Com- 
pany to  comai;nd  his  service  to  sett  vp  the  publiq,  againe,  in  as  great 
or  gi-eater  hight  then   heretofore   it  had :    The  maintayning  of  the 


268  RECORDS  OF  THE   VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

publicb  in  all  estates  being  of  noe  lesse  importance,  euen  for  the  benefitt 
of  the  Priuate,  then  the  roote  and  body  of  a  Tree  are  to  the  perticuler 
branches :  And  therefore  to  present  vnto  them  all  in  one  view  both 
what  had  beene  allready  done,  and  what  yet  remayued  to  be  perfected, 
he  recalled  to  their  remembi"ance,  how  by  their  Comission  sent  by  Sir 
George  Yeardley  they  had  appointed  3000  Acres  of  Land  to  be  sett 
out  for  the  Gouernor  so  to  ease  the  Company  henceforward  of  all 
charge  in  mayntayning  him :  12000  Acres  of  Land  to  be  the  Comou 
Land  of  the  Companie ;  viz"  three  thowsand  in  each  of  the  ffower  old 
Burroughes — 10000 — acres  of  Land  for  the  vniuersity  to  be  planted  at 
Henrico;  of  which — 1000  for  the  Colledge  for  the  conuersion  of  Infi- 
dells :  The  next  care  was  for  the  placing  Tenants  vpon  these  LandC : 
In  January  last  there  went  w'"  S'  Geo.  Yeardley  50  Tenants  for  the 
Gouerno"  Land  transported  at  the  Companies  and  furnished  at  his 
charge,  and  six  he  found  remayning  of  Capt  Ai-golls  guarde:  In  the 
March  afterward  there  were  sent  §twenty§  to  the  Companies  Land  by 
M"^  Lawne,  whereof  he  hath  deliu.ered  yet  but  15,  for  want  of  per- 
formance to  him  of  loane  of  Corne  and  Cattle :  ffower  more  were  sent 
by  the  Triall,  and  Three  S'  Geo:  Yeardley  found  in  the  Country.  In 
the  begining  of  August  last  in  the  Bona  Noua  were  sent  100  persons  for 
publiq,  service,  chosen  w""  great  care,  and  extraordinarily  furnished, 
whereof  50  for  the  Companies  Land,  and  50  for  the  Colledge  Land,  So 
that  making  deduccon  of  some  fewe  that  are  dead,  there  were  he  hoped 
at  this  day  174  persons,  placed  as  Tenants  vpon  the  Publique. 
Therefore  his  first  Proposition  was,  that  the  Company  would  be 
pleased,  that  these  Tenants  for  the  Publicb  might  be  encreased  this 
next  Spring  vp  to  the  nomber  of  300,  viz"  one  hundreth  for  the 
Gouernors  Land,  100  for  the  Companies  and  100  for  the  Colledge 
Land ;  w"**  (if  he  be  truly  informed  by  those  whoe  best  should  knowe 
it)  being  rightly  imployed  will  not  yeild  lesse  in  value  then  Three 
thowsand  pounds  yearely  revenue  for  these  publiq,  vses.  And  because 
care  both  hath  beene,  and  shalbe  taken  that  diuers  stayed  persons  and 
of  good  condicons  haue  beene  and  shalbe  sent  amongst  them.  His 
second  Proposicon  was,  that  for  their  ease  and  comodiousnes,  there 
might  be  100  young  persons  sent  to  be  their  Apprentices,  in  the  charge 
whereof  he  hoped  this  Hono*^  Citty,  would  pertake  w""  the  Company 


NOVEMBER,  1619  269 

as  they  formerly  had  done:  And  because  he  vnderstood  that  the  peo- 
ple thither  transported,  though  seated  there  in  their  persons  for  some 
fewe  yeares,  are  not  setled  in  their  mindes  to  make  it  their  place  of 
rest  [45]  and  continuance,  but  hauing  gotten  some  wealth  there,  to 
returne  againe  into  England :  ffor  the  remedying  of  that  mischiefe,  and 
establishing  of  a  perpetuitie  to  the  Plantation,  he  aduised  and  made  it 
his  Third  Proposicon,  to  send  them  ouer  One  hundreth  young  Maides 
to  become  wifes;  that  wifes,  children  and  familie  might  make  them 
lesse  moueable  and  settle  them,  together  with  their  Posteritie  in  that 
Soile. 

His  next  Proposicon  was,  for  the  manno''  of  transporting  these  per- 
sons thus  to  make  vp  ffiue  hundreth  for  the  Publiq,  Land,  wherein 
he  advised,  that  they  should  not  as  heretofore  hire  Shipping  for  this 
purpose,  whereof  euery  Shipp  at  his  returne  in  bai*e  fraught  and 
wages  emptied  the  Cashe  of  800  and  sometimes  1000",  but  that  they 
should  as  they  had  allreadie  done  this  present  yeare  take  the  opportun  - 
itie  of  the  Ships  trading  to  Newfoundland,  and  so  to  transport  them  at 
six  poundes  a  person  w%ut  after  reckonings. 

A  ffifte  Proposicon  for  the  sending  of  20  Heifers  vpon  eu^y  100  of 
these  Tenants,  Threescore  in  the  whole,  w'^''  he  hoped  might  be  done 
taking  the  opportunity  of  Shipping  in  the  Westerne  parts  at  Ten 
pounds  a  head  600"  in  the  whole. 

Lastly  touching  the  charges  he  related  perticulerly  as  formerly  he  had 
done,  diuers  great  incouragements  of  supply  to  come  in :  he  estimated 
the  whole  charge  at  ffoure  thousand  pounds  to  be  done  sparingly  & 
bountifully  at  5000":  He  promised  not  to  leaue  the  Company  one 
penny  in  debt  for  any  thing  in  his  yeare  to  be  performed :  And  more  - 
ouer  that  he  would  discharge  3000"  of  former  debts  and  i-eckonings 
according  to  the  Stock  left  in  the  Lottaries  at  his  coming  to  this  place : 
This  done  he  hoped  the  Publiq,  would  agayne  be  well  restored,  A 
foundacon  Laid  for  a  future  great  state.  The  Adventurers  and  Planters 
well  comforted  and  encouraged.  All  matter  of  seandall  and  reproach 
remoued,  and  so  he  would  comend  the  Accon  to  the  blessing  of  God. 
These  Proposicons  after  some  pause,  receauing  noe  opposicon  were 
putt  to  the  question  &  receaued  the  generall  approbacon  of  the 
Court. 


270  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

Next  he  acquaynted  that  at  the  Court  of  eleccon,  there  was  choice  made 
of  Sixteeue  Comittees,  one  third  part  of  them  being  vnsworne,  who 
since  that  time  haue  seldome  or  neuer  mett,  or  afforded  their  presence 
therefore  desired  that  in  their  steedC  w"''  had  not  taken  their  oathes, 
others  might  be  chosen  in  theu-Roome,  men  knowne  to  be  of  wisedome 
and  industrie,  and  whose  Zeale  to  the  Accon  might  appeare  by  the 
menaging  of  the  Companies  busines,  w''"  now  gi-ew  great  &  waighty; 
Where vpon  there  was  nominated  m*"  Doctor  Winstone,  m'  Shepherd, 
m'  Rich:  Bull,  m''Wil}m  Cranmer,  m'Daniell  Darnellie,  and  m'Tho: 
Mellinge,  who  from  time  to  time  have  promised  their  best  assistance, 
&  there  vpon  receaued  their  oaths.     [46]^ 

Mr.  Thfer  bin  w"-  Allso  hcc  acquainted  thatt  in  settinge  forward  pt  of  his  proposiconns 
my  Lord  Maior.  ^^^^  confirmed  hcc  had  to  thatt  purpose  been  w*''  the  Lord  Maior  who 
found  him  as  willinge  to  pleasure  the  Company  as  he  desyred,  w*all 
desyi'ed  to  have  their  myndes  in  writinge  that  the  Court  of  Aldermen 
and  the  Common  Councell  may  the  better  vnderstand  them,  w"''  being 
now  reddy  drawne  was  read  and  allowed  of,  the  Coppy  of  w''''  ensueth — 

To  the  Ri  Honorable  S"'  William  Cockaine  kn'  Lord  Maior 
of  the  Cittie  of  London  and  the  Right  Wofp:  y"  Aldermen  his 
Brethren  and  y"  Wo':  the  Common  Counsell  of  y°  said  Citty. 


Lo:  Maior  and 
Conrte  of  Alder- 
men. 


The  Companies  The  Thfer  Counsell  and  Company  of  Virginia  assembled  in  their  great  and  gen- 

declaracon    to   y«  erall  Courte  the  17""  of  Nouember  i6i9  have  taken  into  Consideracon  the  contin- 

ual] great  forwardnes  of  his  honorable  Cytty  in  advancinge  the  Plantacon  of 
Virginia  and  pticularly  in  furnishinge  outt  one  hundred  Children  this  last  j'eare, 
w"''  by  the  goodnes  of  God  ther  saffly  Arived,  (save  such  as  dyed  in  the  waie) 
and  are  well  pleased  wee  doubt  not  for  their  benefitt,  ffor  which  yo""'  bounti- 
full  assistance,  wee  in  the  name  of  the  whoU  Plantacon  doe  yield  vnto  yo°  due 
and  deserved  thanks. 

And  forasmuch  as  wee  have  now  resolved  to  send  this  next  Springe  very  large 
supplies  for  the  strength  and  encreasinge  of  the  Collony,  styled  by  the  name 
of  the  London  Collony,  And  finde  that  the  sendinge  of  those  Children  to  be 
apprentises  hath  been  very  grateful  ef  §to§  the  people:  Wee  pray  yo""  Lo": 

'At  the  top  of  the  following  pape  of  the  manuscript  the  handwriting  changes  to  that  of  Nicholas 
Ferrar's  a.sai6tant  in  supervising  the  transcription  of  the  record.s.  The  corrections  are  few  in  number 
and  iistially  by  the  copx'ist  rather  than  by  the  reviewer.  This  has  been  referred  to  as  the  autograph 
of  Thomas  CoUett.     See  Plates, 


NOVEMBER  17,1619  271 

and  the  rest  in  pursuite  of  yo"'  former  so  pyous  AcCons  to  renew  yo'  like 
favours  and  furnisli  vs  againe  w""  one  hundreth  more  for  the  next  springe; 
Our  desire  is  that  wee  ma^^  have  them  of  Twelue  years  olde  &  vpward  w'" 
allowance  of  Three  pound  a  peec  for  their  Transportacon  and  fforty  shillings 
a  peec  for  their  apparrell  as  was  formerly  gvaunted.  They  shall  be  Appren- 
tizes  the  bo3'es  till  they  come  to  21  years  of  Age  the  Girles  till  the  like  Age 
or  till  they  be  marr)^ed  and  afterwardes  they  shalbe  placed  as  TennantC  vppon 
the  publique  Land  w""  best  Condicons  wher  they  shall  have  houses  w"'  Stocke 
of  Corne  &  Cattle  to  begin  w'*",  and  afterward  the  niojtie  of  all  encrease  & 
pfitt  what  soever.  And  soe  wee  leave  this  mocon  to  yo""  honorable  and  graue 
Consideracon. 

[47]  Moreouer  that  hee  had  drawne  a  Publicacon  w"''  if  itt  were  liked,  ^  PuWicacon  rati- 

desyred  that  itt  might  be  putt  in  printe  beinge  for  the  entertaynment   ®' 

of  good  and   sufficient   Laborers   and   Husbandmen,  Artificers  and 

manuall  Trades  to  be  sett  outt  att  the  time  formerly  specified  vnto  the 

Publique  and  Colledg  Land  w*""  beinge  read  and  putt  to  the  question 

was  ratyfied  by  ereccon  of  hands. 

After  this  hee  signified  that  accordinge  to  the  desire  of  the  last  Courte 
hee  had  beene  w""  m''  Secretary  Calvert  and  delivered  the  Companies 
answere  touchinge  the  Transporting  of  men  prest  by  his  Maty  w'^'' 
gaue  nott  full  satisfaccon  for  that  the  Kings  desyre  admitted  no 
delaies  butt  forthwith  to  have  50 :  of  the  100  shipt  away  with  all  speed, 
Notw^'^standing  the  many  inconvenyences  w'^''  m''  Thfer  alleadged 
would  therby  accrew  vnto  the  Company  that  they  could  not  goe  in 
lesse  then  fower  Shipps,  for  feare  they  beinge  many  togeather  may 
drawe  more  vnto  them  and  so  muteny  and  carry  away  the  Ships, 
w"''  would  stand  the  Company  in  fowre  thousand  pounds,  and  they 
not  suddenly  to  be  gotten  att  this  time  of  the  yeare,  butt  all  not  serv- 
inge  the  turne  hee  tolde  them  what  a  pinch  hee  was  putt  vnto  and 
therfore  desyred  their  Counsell  and  Advise. 

Whervppon  divers  waise  beinge  thought  on  and  considered,  the  Court  "^^^  company  to 
could  finde  no  fitter  nor  mor  sattisf actory  answere  then  this ;  That  {„  mavntevne^ 
the  Company  would  be  att  the  charge  to  maynteyne  them  till  ther  i>e  shi'ppinge  pro- 
may  be  Shippinge  provyded,  if  so  be  they  were  commaunded  to  doe  "^^^^ 

16455— VOL  1—06 18 


272  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

A  Comittee  to  jj-t  And  therfore  have  apoynted  a  Comittee  of  select  Marchantts  to 
w^-^n^eeir^'"^  imploy  their  wholl  eudeavours  for  the  Compassinge  of  Shippinge  w"" 
all  speed  possible ;  Namely,  m"" Deputy  Ferrar,  m''  Keightley,  m''  Wise- 
man, m""  Cranmore,  m''  Bull,  m''  Sheppard,  and  m'  Mellinge  and  to 
800":  to  remayne  ^liat  end  m'  Thfer  was  content  the  Eight  hundred  pounds  Adven- 
agazine.    ^^^^^  ^^^  |-]^g  generall  Stocke  in  the  Magazine  should  remaine  there  to 
be  employed  to  these  vses  from  time  to  time,  whervnto  if  they  pleased 
200"  more  out  of  ^.j^g^  should  be  two  huudrcth  pounds  more  added  outt  of  the  Cash  in 
Added.  ^  his  Custody,  w'"''  Thousand  poundC  to  be  onely  for  the  sattisfyinge  of 

his  Ma''':  desyres  from  tyme  to  time. 

The  Somer  Hands  ^j^j  wheras  the  Company  of  the  Somer  Iland^  doth  allwaies  reporte 
tralfeporthig'e  ^^  ^^  gracious  favour  his  Ma*^'  extendeth  to  Virginia,  that  therfore 
Bome  of  them.       the  next  Qviarter  Courte  for  the  said  Hands  the  Company  therof  be 

intreated  to  loyne  for  the  Transporte  of  some  of  them  to  be  ServauntC 
M' Thfer  to  drawe  yppou  their  Land;  My  Lord  of  Warwick,  S'  Edwin  Sandys,  m'  lohn 
deHuer  u"to Til'  Ferrar  and  others  intendinge  to  take  some  of  them  to  that  purpose, 
secrt.  Caiuerte.     for  prosecutiuge  of  wch  itt  being  putt  to  y*"  question  was  generally 

agreed  of,   intreatinge   m'  Thfer  that  to  this  effect   hee    would   in 

writinge  drawe  the  answere  and  deliuer  itt  to  m"'  Secretary  Caluert  to 

informe  his  Ma'^ :     [48] 

TheMagarineheid  Concerning  the  Magazine  w*""  is  held  to  stand  in  Despei-ate  Tearmes, 
espera  e.  ^^^  goods  remayniugc  in  Captivytie ;  M""  Thfer  f allinge  into  speech  w**" 

a  greate  noble  man  of  the  State  of  Virginia  att  length  Complayned  of 
Mr.  Thfers  Com-  the  greatc  losse  they  have  susteyned  by  m"'  lacobbs  deteyninge  a  wholl 
."listevnd  bv  m'  J^ars  harvest,  notwithstandinge  all  the  offers  that  was  made,  and  that 
lacohh  other  bussines  this  Tearme  being  so  great  this  could  have  noe  reso- 

The  comf,:  to  i)e  hxcou  from  the  Kings  lear[ne]d  Councell;  Whervpon  hee  advised  him 
Counc'eU  Table  ^  '^^  bringe  their  Complaynte  vnto  the  Councell  Table,  and  ther  they 

should  be  sure  to  receive  all  the  right  that  might  be  : 

Dispute   aboute  The  desperate  estate  of  w''*'  and  the  neglect  of  the  presentinge  the 

poiuingeof  y'Mag-  Accompts  therof  caused  a  suddaine  dispute,  whither  they  should  pro- 

azine.  ceed  forward  in  the  maynteyninge  of  itt  or  absolutely  to  disolve  the 

same,  Some  beinge  of  opinion  that  free  Trade  might  be  more  benefi- 


NOYEMBER  17,  1619  273 

call  to  the  Plantacon,  vnto  w'''  S'  lohn  Wolstenholme  aleaged  that  '^"  ^'^  '«''^isten- 

as  the  settings  vp  of  that  Magazine  was  the  life  and  cheif e  support  of  to  itt 

that  Plantation  so  heedesyred  allthough  hee  were  one  of  the  greatest 

Adventurers  that  itt  might  no  longer  subsiste  then  itt  might  still  so 

continue,  butt  if  itt  should  be  dissolued  that  accordinge  to  a  former 

mocon  well  approved  of,  the  Adventurors  goods  remayninge  there  in 

store  estimated  att  ffiue  thousand  pounds  might  be  first  sould  off,  before 

any  other  that  shall  com  of  the  same  kinde :  Whervpon  after  much  J''  '"^  argued  be- 

fore  V*  CounEcll. 

Debatinge  itt  was  ordered  that  itt  should  be  argued  att  full  before  the 
Counsell  and  they  to  relate  their  opynyons  to  the  Courte, 

lohn  Delbridge  Indentures  of  Land  for  him  and  his  Associates  beinge  M'  Deibridge  in- 
now  delivered  engrossed  into  the  Courte  after  beinge  read  &  fyndinge  dentures  ordered 
them  Concurre  w""  the  Orders  of  the  Company  receaved  Confirma- 
tion w"'  allowance  of  the  Seale  to  be  thervnto  anexed, 

Captaine  Brewster  desyred  to  have  the  hearinge  of  his  cause  deferred  The  hearinge  of 
till  the  next  Preparative  Courte  w"*"  is  agreed  then  to  be  heard.  cause  deferred*^" 

Abraham  Peirses  allowance  of  200  Acres  of  Land  in  the  last  Courte  Abraham  Peirseyp 
beinge  now  putt  to  the  question  was  Confirmed  vnto  him,  Confimed°     ° 

Sir  lohn  Wolstenholme  moved  that  accordinge  to  an  Acte  of  Courte  S'  lo:  Woisten- 
made  the   21*  die   lulij  i6i9  vppon  the  mocon  of  S^  Edward  Har-  J^°i™«  "°f "  f"^ 

•'  '  ^  ?orae  Land   to  lie 

wood  ^  for  some  Land  to  be  given  to  the  Corporacon  of  Martins  Hun  -  ginen  to  y  c^rpo- 
dred  for  their  further  encouragm'  itt  was  then  putt  off  vnto  this  great  '^^°"  °^  Martins 
and  generall  Courte  as  proper  thervnto  by  reason  itt  grew  late  itt  was 
referred  vnto  the  Counsell  att  their  meetinge  to  Consider  of.     [49] 

Allso  att  the  same  time  hee  putt  the  Courte  now  in  remembrance  of  ^"^  propoeicon  re- 
his  proposicon  then  to  the  Com]iany  for  some  Land  to  be  given  him  ,^-,r, 
in  consideraeon  of  monney  ther  in  said  Courte  exprest  w'"''  is  referred 
vnto  the  Auditors  to  cast  vpp  what  may  be  due  vnto  him  by  the  interest 
of  itt  &  accordingly  to  gratefie  him. 

Mathew  Cauell  m'  of  the  William  and  Thomas  paide  now  vnto  M'  -^  '''"  ?eai«^  for 
Thfer  12":  10: 00  f or  w'^''  hee  receaved  a  bill  sealed  for  one  hundred  ^^  ^^j{!^(i'^„j'|" 

'  Written  over  the  name  "Haywood." 


274 


RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 


Acres  of  Land,  and  admitted  into  the  fellowship  of  the  Company, 
And  in  (ionsideracon  that  hee  was  one  of  the  first  finders  of  the  Plan  - 
tation  and  had  therin  merited  well,  Itt  was  agreed  that  hee  should 
A  Fiiigie  Share  to  have  a  single  Share  for  the  same,  w"'  a  note  vnder  m"'  Thfers  hand  to 
the  Custome  house  that  hee  is  a  free  brother  of  the  same  Company. 


be  giueu  him 


ten  to  S'  George 
Yeardley  in  y'  be 
halfe  of  Cap'  New 
port?  Sonne. 


A  Tre  to  be  writ-  Whereas  the  Company  hath  formerly  graunted  to  Captaine  Newporte 
a  bill  of  Adventure  of  fower  hundred  pounds,  and  his  sonne  now 
desyringe  orde''  from  this  Courte  for  the  layinge  out  some  parte  of  the 
[the]  same,  m''Treasuror  was  entreated  and  Authorized  by  this  generall 
Assembly  for  to  write  to  S'  George  Yeardley  and  the  Counsell  of  State 
for  the  effectinge  hereof. 

Cap'  staiienge  ^g  allso  that such  things  as belonged  to  Cap':  Stallenge  slayne  therby 
foTiiL'widdowe"   William  Epps  be  reserved  for  the  vse  and  benefitt  of  his  widdowe. 


An   EXTRAORCmARY   CoURTE   HELDE 
THE   Xxij"^^   OF   NOUEMBER   1619: 


Present. 
The  Ri:  Wor^:  S^  Edwin  Sandys  kn*  Tfer, 


S""  Nicholas  Tufton. 
S'  Henry  Rainsforde. 
m'  John  Wroth. 
m""  lohn  fferrar,  Dep'. 
m''  D''  Anthony, 
m"^  D"^  Wynstone. 


m''  George  Sandys, 
m"'  Thom:  Gibbes. 
m''  Nicho :  Ferrar. 
m^Tho:  Bull, 
m'  Keightley. 
m"'  Cranmore. 
m'  Hen:  Brigg^. 


m'  Bearblock. 
m"^  Meverell. 
m'  Blande. 
m'  Case  well, 
m'  Eli :  Roberts, 
m''  Couell. 
m'  Mellinge. 


A  Tre   deiiuend  M''  Treasuror  signified  that  this  extraordinary  Courte  was  to  acquainte 

Caiuert  ^^'^^'^®'''"  them  that  accordinge  to  the  intent  of  the  last  great  Courte  hee  had 

drawne  the  Tre  to  his  Ma'-"  in  the  name  of  the  Tfer  Counsell  and  Company 

and  had  delivered  itt  to  m'  Secretary  Caiuert  together  w""  a  Coppie 


NO  VEMBER  22,  1619  275 

therof .  butt  itt  beinge  thought  that  Tre  would  not  serve  his  Ma'^  hee 

was  [50]  to  propound  his  and  crave  their  further  advise  that  if  one  ^'^"  '"  .^  ^"^° 

inindreth  pounds  w'^''  should  have  beene  for  mayntenanee  of  those  men  g^oss  \.esi<ie.s  the 

might  be  given  extraordinary  in  grosse  besides  the  ordinary  allowance  ordinary  aiiow- 

of  Six  pounds  the  man  to  any  that  may  be  found  to  transport  them  w'"  ^"^^'^n'  "'^  ^'°"°'^ 

allexpedicon,  The  knight  Marshall  haveinge  promisd  S'  lohn  Dauers  The  Kn' Marshall? 

that  if  they  may  be  sent  preseutlie  hee  will  furnish  them  Avth  such  premise  to  siriohn 

psonns  of  what  quallyty  and  Condicon  they  desire.     Vnto  w''''  was 

obiected  that  if  some  were  found  to  vndertake  this,  yett  itt  might  be  Obiection 

this  moneth  before  the  Ship  could  be  dispeeded  and  they  duringe 

such  time  must  be  maynteyned  at  the  Companies  charge  w''''  was 

answered  itt  could  not  be  helped,  his  Ma""^  Commaund  must  be  full- 

filled,  therfore  beinge  putt  to  the  question  was  generally  allowed  of.      Allowed  of. 

Likewise   he  acquainted  that  beinge  to  goe  to  the  Counsell  §table§  ^^'TfcrC:  purpose 
aboute  the  Companies  buisines  hee  purposed  to  acquainte  the  Lords  i^rd?  of  the  To- 
of  the  Tobacco  detayned  by  m"'  lacobb,  notwithstandinge  the  gi'aunt  bacco  deteyned  by 
of  their  Pattent  their  letter  from  the  Lords  of  the  Counsell  and  the  "     ^*^° 
Companies  offer  vnto  him;  Desiringe  to  vnderstand   their  further 
pleasure,  who  have  agreed  to  make  a  further  Offer  (iff  itt  may  be  -^sreed  to  mak  a 

■^  .  lurther  Offer. 

accepted)  to  leave  a  20"'  parte  w""  him  in  spetie,  as  allso  an  other 
xx""  pt  for  y**  Kings  Custome  till  they  have  tryed  theire  Pattent, 
And  for  the  assistinge  of  m''  Thfer  theris  now^  entreated.  My  Lord 
of  Warwick,  Lord  Paggett  Lord  Cauendish,  S'  lohn  Dauers,  S'  Nath : 
Rich,  m"^  lohn  Wroth  and  m"^  Cranmore. 

Intelligence  beinge  given  that  the  Acc° :  of  the  Magazine  beinge  made  Au^ito"  to  exam- 
vpp  and  redy   for  the   Audite,  this   Courte    have   now   appoyuted  Accomp'-  ^^^'"^ 
Audito"  for  the   same  viz"* :  m'  Bull,  m'  Keightley,  m'  Briggs,  and 
m'  Cranmer. 

A  tre  was  shewed  to  m'  Thfer  by  m'D^  Wynstone  written  by  a  freud  -^tre  shewed  vnto 
vnto  m'  Bland  intymatinge  a  greivous  seandall  layde  vppo  Virginia  J^^.  j,  |re[,d^^o  m' 
by  some  who  hath  lived  there,  of  the  Barronesse  and  in  fer-  Bland;  touohiage 
tilytie  of  the  Soyle,  w^'^  by  reason  the  reporte  of  all  those  that  >''  ^''™°';'^.^'  "^ 
hath    beene    there    is    veryfied    to    be    false,    as    allso     that     itt 


276 


RECORDS    OF  THE  VIRGIXIA  COMPANY 


tendeth  to  the  discourragment  of  sundry  Adventurers  who  purposed 

to  transport  men  thither  for  the  settinge  vpp  of  Iron  work^;  Itt 

The    Tre    to  be  was  thought  good  for  the  depressiuge  of  such  base  reports,  [  (]  a  former 

Bhewedtorcoun-  j^.^  ^^  ^j^^  j-j^^  effecte  beinge  formerly  diuulged)  that  itt  be  showed 

sell    to   impose   a  .  '^  ^  o       / 

penalty  vppon  >••  to  the  Couusell,  to  iuipose  such  penalty  of  the  person  as  may  be 
person  and  to  con- i^gld  expedient,  and  to  consider  of  a  Publicacon  to  be  sett  outt 
c'aton  to  bes!"out  i^  priutc  for  the  Confutacon  therof .     [51] 

in  Printe. 


DECEMBER  Y"  FIRST  1619. 


Pkesent. 


Right  Hono"''':  y*"  Lord  of  Southampton. 


S^  Edwin  Sandys  Knight  Thferr. 


S^  Thorn :  Roe. 
S''  lohn  Dauers. 
S^Ferd:  Gorge. 
S^Ni:  Tufton. 
S''Io:  Wolstenholme. 
S^Nath:  Rich. 
S'Tho:  Wroth. 
S-'Law:  Hide, 
lo:  Wroth  esquire. 
George  Sandys  esq\ 
Tho :  Gibbes  esq'. 


Nicho :  Hide  esq\ 

Arth :  Bromfield  esq'' 

lohn  Bargraue  esq^ 

Aug:  Stewarde. 

m'  lo :  Ferrar  Dep*. 

m"'  Kempton. 

m.""  Nicholas  Ferrar. 

m""  Caninge. 

m''  Blande. 

m''  Bulle. 

m'  Ed :  Ditchfeilde. 


m''  Wiseman, 
m''  Keightley. 
m'  Cranmer. 
m""  Case  well, 
m'  Couell. 
m""  Barnarde. 
m"^  Meuerell. 
m"^  Geor:  Smith, 
m"^  Leuor. 
m'  Roberta, 
m'  Mellinge. 


M'  Threre  aignifi-  Before  the  readinge  of  the  Courte  m'  Tfer  signified  that  two  seuerall 
tend?nge  'v''^LL''  timcs  hce  had  attended  the  Lords  of  his  Ma'** :  most  honorable  Pry  vie 
of  y  Counceii.  Councell,  about  the  Magazine  goodC  butt  nothinge  was  done  the  first 
time  because  m"^  lacobb  was  thought  §to§  had  been  warned  but  was 
M'  Thfer  required  not,  Thcrforc  their  Lo^'  required  m''  Thfer  to  sett  downe  his  minde 
by  y^  Lords  tosett  -^  ^ritinge  and  deliuer  itt  vnto  them  vppon  this  day,  against  w"^  time 

downe  his  minde  '='  '^  ^  ^  ■     c-' 

in  writiDge.         the  Kiug^  Learned  Councell  would  be  present,  and  M''  lacobb  should 


DECEMBER  1,  1019  277 

be  required  to  attend,  w''''  accordingly  Mr.  Thefrer  pformed,  and  pre-  accordingly  per- 
sented  itt  this  dale  vnto  their  Lo"""  w"*"  was  the  lirst  buisines  they 
tooke  into  consideracon,  notw^'standing  the  said  m''  lacobb  was  nott  present, 
present,  although  the  messenge''  affirmed  that  hee  warned  him,  ther- 
fore  by  reason  of  his  absence  the  Lords  would  not  pceed  to  a  finall 
determinacon.  Butt  m'  Atturny  delivered  his  opinion  cleerly  for 
the  right  of  the  Company,  whervppo  itt  was  adiourned  till  to  Mor- 
row, vnderstandinge  that  m''  lacobb  wilbe  there  w"'oiit  faile. 

The  last  great  generall  Courte  beinge  read  m''  Thf  er  affirmed  acquainted  ^^'  Dei^ndge  de- 

,  T    1        -rx    11     •  n  •  1.  iji  •       1        /-I    1  •      sire  to  fash  at  Cape 

them  that  m"^  lohn  Delbridge  purposinge  to  settle  a  pticuler  Colony  m  codd 

Virginia  desyringe  of  the  Company  that  for  the  defrayinge  some  pt  of 

his  charges,  that  hee  might  be  admitted  to  fish  att  Cape  Codd.     W'''' 

request  was  opposed  by  Sir  Ferdinando  George  aleaginge  thatt  hee  ^'^    "T?  o^l  '^ 

allwaies  favoured  m'  Delbridge  butt  in  this   hee   thought  himself e  nando  Gorges. 

somethinge  touched  that  hee  should  sue  to  this  Company,  and  not 

rathe''  to  him  as  proplie  belonginge  to  the  No'' :  Collony  to  give  libertie 

for  the  fishinge  in  that  place,  itt  lyinge  w^'in  their  latitude,  which 

was  answered  by  m"'  Tf  er,  that  the  Comp'' :  of  the  S° :  and  North  Plan  -  '^^^^^       ^  '  ' 

tacons  are  the  one  free  of  the  other,  And  that  the  Ires  PattentC  is  deer 

that  each  may  ffish  within  the  other,  the  Sea  being  free  for  both.     [52] 

W"  if  the  N° :  Colony  abridge  them  of  this,  they  would  take  away  their  ^ 

means  and  encourragment  of  sendinge  of  men,     Vnto  which  S"'  Fer-  Georges  repU^°  ° 

dinando  Georges  replyed  that  if  hee  mistake  not  himselfe  both  the 

Companies  were  lymitted  by  the  Pattent  vnto  which  hee  would  sub  - 

mitt  himselfe,     ffor  the  decydinge  wherof  itt  is  referred  vnto  the 

Councell  who  are  of  both  Companies  to  examine  the  tres  Pattents  to  ^^^-^   c^p'-   °o 

morrow  afternoone  att  my  Lord  of  Southamptons  and  accordingly  to  examine   >••  trea 

determine  the  Dispute.  Pattent«. 

Mr.  Deputy  informed  the  Courte  that  Capt :  Tompson  haveinge  a  good  ^^.\  Deputies  aig- 
Ship  burthen  320  Tunn,  the  Comittees  att  their  meetinge  have  agreed  coiiiitteea    atWe- 
w'"  him  if  the  Courte  shall  allow  thereof  to  give  him  1200"  to  transport  lu^ut    w"-    Cap' 
for  them  into  Vu-ginia  Two  hundred  men ;  and  for  50  Tuuu  fraight  ^°'"p*°°- 
of  goods  in  the  said  Ship  100"  more,  in  all  Thirteen  hundred  pound 
and  to  victuall  their  men  after  that  proporcon  as  by  a  not  was  shewed 


278  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

Cap'  Tompson  to  him,  Cap'  Tompson  promisinge  to  give  Caution  to  the  Company  for 
such  mrnn°ev8  ^  such  monnejs  as  hee  shall  receive  af orehand ;  And  for  pf ormance  of 
hee  shall  receaue  the  Said  Voyadge  the  said  Cap' :  Tompson  was  demaiinded  when  he 
beforehand.  would  sett  outt,  who  promised  to  be  redy  in  Tilbury  Hope  the  sixth 

To  be  redy  at  Til-  '  tit  p  i    .  ,       • 

bury  hope.  of  ttebruary  next,  and  would  stay  there  lower  daies  to  take  m  su.ch  as 

should  come,  and  fower  daies  more  att  Deale  butt  if  aboue  Tenn  daies 
that  then  itt  might  be  lawfull  for  him  to  departe,  Demaundinge  of  the 
his  demaund  of  Company  Eight  hundred  pounds  in  hand  and  fine  hundred  pounds 
500"  vppon^certifi-  vppou  Certificate  of  the  men  and  goods  to  be  landed  in  Virginia  w"" 
cate  c.  hee  insistinge  vppon  m'  Thf er  in  the  behalf e  of  the  Company  made 

M'Thrers  offer  in  Qffg^.  \^q  g^yg  hi^^  Scaveu  huudrcth  pouuds,  aud  Six  Hundreth  vppon 
Company.  Certificate  as  aforesaid :  He  beinge  so  farr  from  exaetinge  of  the  Com- 

pany that  hee  promised  that  if  they  would  lay  into  the  Ship  halfe  a 
Tunn  of  Aquavits  for  ther  Sicke  men  hee  would  forbeare  the  present 
payment  of  the  100"  in  question  w''^  the  Courte  promised  to  pforme. 
Perticuier  Aduen-  Whervppon  m'  Deputy  acquainted  the  Courte  for  accomodatinge  all 
to  Acquaint  M'  Hien,  that  if  any  pticuler  Adventurer  would  send  ouer  men  to  Virginia 
Webb  w'"  y' uoni-  let  him  give  notice  of  the  nomber  therof  to  William  Webb  the  hus- 
ber  they  sen  .       hand  and  pay  vnto  him  six  pounds  for  their  passage    Shippinge  should 

be  provided  for  them  w""  the  Companies  men. 

euery  one  of  y-  ^^j  because  Mmsclfe  and  the  Comittees  will  have  more  then  enough 

for  y'  furnishing  to  provide  all  things  necessary  and  sufficient  against  that  time  of 

them  with  good  &  seudiuge  their  people  away  hee  desyred  that  every  one  of  the  Com- 

emen.  pany  would  give  their  helpinge  hand  for  the  furnishing  them  w"* 

good  and  able  men  for  this  voyadge,  and  to  take  such  care  and  paines 

in  itt  as  if  itt  were  for  their  owne  pryvate  prayinge  all  men  to  take 

notice  of  his  request.     [53] 

ATabieofy'Guifte  j^t  was  propounded  that  in  Consideracon  of  some  publique  guiftC  given 
Doners  to  hang  iu  by  suudry  Pcrsous  to  Virginia,  divers  Presents  ot  Church  plate,  and 
Court  other  ornaments — 200"  already  given  towards  buildinge  a  Church  and 

ffive  Hundreth  pounds  promised  by  another  towards  y^  educating  of 
Infidles  children  that  for  the  honour  of  God  and  memoriall  of  such 
good  benefacto"  a  Table  might  hange  in  the  Courte  w""  their  names 
and  guif ts  incerted  aud  the  Mynisters  of  Virginia  aud  the  Somer  Hands 


DECEMBER  U  1619  279 

may  have  intelligence  thereof,  that  for  their  pious  work^  they  may 
comend  them  to  God  in  their  prayers,  w""  genially  was  held  very  fltt 
and  expedient. 

And  forasmuch  as  by  the  orders  of  this  Courts  the  Lotteries  are  now  '^^^  Lotteries  con- 
to  dissolve  that  therf ore  they  would  consider  of  some  course  for  the  gQ^,gj.  ^^^^ 
defi'ayinge  of  future  charge  or  else  continue  them  half e  a  year  longer, 
Whervppo  flndinge  no  other  means  as  yett  to  aecrew  vnto  the  Com  - 
pany,  Itt  was  ordered  they  should  last  till  midsomer  next,  and  being 
putt  to  y''  question  was  confirmed  by  ereccon  of  hands. 

ffurther  M''  Thfer  made  knowne  that  hee  had  received  a  verie  fauour-  ^^"^  '^^^^  signified 
able  Tre  from  the  Lord  Arch  Bishop  of  Yorke  that  if  hee  will  s'^nd  ^^^  ^^  l©.  ^,j.jj. 
more  breefs  ther  shalbe  new  Colleccons,  As  allso  how  much  the  Com-  bishop  of  vorke 
pany  was  beholdinge  to  the  Dyocess  of  London,  my  Lo:  Bishopp  ^"^*>°^^'^"^^J,^*_ 
haveinge  sentt  in  a  ffull  Thousand  pounds.  As  allso  y'  mr  Register  ing  to  y'  Dyocess 
demaundeth  20"  w"*"   hee   saith   the  Comp" :   promised  him  for  his  °^  London. 
paynes.  w""  the  Courte  thinks  him  very  worthy  off,  and  therfore  have  Bishop. 
agreed  that  hee  shall  have  the  said  some  of  xx''  paid  vnto  him  out  of 
such  monneys  as  shall  com  to  him  or  is  yett  remayninge  in  his  ^o'  to  be  p^:  to  y 
Custodie.  ^^^"^"- 


280 


RECORDS   OF  THE  YFRGINIA  COMPANY 


DECEMBER— THE  XV"- 


Present 

Ri  Hono"":  the  Lord  of  Southampton. 
The  Lord  of  Warwicke. 


The  Lo :  Pagett. 

S^  Edwin  Sandys  Thfe. 


S^Tho:  Roe. 

m'  Christ :  Brooke. 

m'  Henry  Briggs. 

S"^  lohn  Dauers. 

m'Tho:  Gibbes. 

m''  Georg  Swinhoe. 

S^Tho:  Wroth. 

m'  Edw :  Harbert. 

m'  Aiscough. 

S"^  Hen:  lones. 

m''Aug:  Steward. 

m'  Keitley. 

m'  D'  Anthony. 

m'Ri:  TomlynC. 

m''  Berblock. 

m"^  D'  Gulstone. 

Cap'  Samu:  ArgoU. 

m'  Nicho :  Ferrar. 

m"^  D'  Winston. 

Cap' Da:  Tucker. 

m'  Sheppard. 

m^  lo:  Wroth. 

m'  Nicho:  Leate. 

m^  Bull. 

m''  Wrote. 

m''  Bamforde. 

m'  lo  Ferrar  Dep'. 

m''  Cranmer. 

m' W":  Caninge. 

m'  Woodall. 

m^  W" :  Palmer. 

m'  Case  well, 
m''  Sparrow, 
m'  Roberta, 
m"'  Arundell. 
m'  Wiseman, 
m'  Ditchfield 

and  others.     [54] 

Bills  approued  of  These  seuerall  Bills  of  Aduenture  being  allowed  by  the  Audito",  Att 
and  DEssed  ouer.    ^j^^^^,  Audite  the  xiij'"  of  December  1619  were  now  passed  and  I'eceaved 
the  Courts  Approbacon . 

lohn  Cage  esquire  turned  ouer  nine  bills  six  of  them  to  m'  D'  Theo- 
dore Gulstone,  and  Three  to  m'  Isaek  Seaward. 
Peter  Bartes  three  bills  to  D'  Theodore  Gulstone. 


II.  Writing  of  Thomas  Collett  (?) 

Being  page  54  of  Volume  1  of  the  original  MS. 


11. 

'.V. 

V . 

',1 


tii  othei^ 


■''^'^^■■^^-•" 


J 

> 


- ■-■.. -.. .-^-     -  vS^lT^- 


'■f.-' 


■i\ 


^- 


.-■  ;^v^.?:rws 


tS.  y^a^i^ 


>»»^^**_- 


3^    ^i^*,-'»«^^g/-*ia^   ■^/^■^   (*Sr?7«£ 


••w;  .;,;;;;- 


.J, 


'<^\ 


•^  ,^¥-pti    <M     ^  ..fi^tf^z    ai  e^rir^Uf 


mi^ 


4. 


"^Ufplif*^ 


:1 


DECEMBER  15,  1619  281 

lohn  Payne  gent  one  bill  to  D'  Theodor  Gulstone. 
Augustine  Steward  esq'  3  bills  to  S'  Henry  lones  Ku'. 
Katherne  Clarke  widdow  one  bill  to  Edward  Harbert  esqr. 

Sir  Edwin  Sandys  ttftd  §as§  itt  was  ordered  in  the  last  Courte  repayr-  a  peticon  deiiu9d 
inge  the  next  day  to  the  Councell  Table  presented  a  Peticon  to  their  ^  ^^g^^^^^^^j^'g 
Lo''":  accordinge  as  itt  was  referred  vnto  him  in  the  name  of  the  Conn-  m'  lacobb. 
cell  and  Company  in  w"*"  was  conteyned  the  wholl  State  of  the  buisiues, 
Mr  lacobb  beinge  there,  it  pleased  their  tt^' :  to  give  them  moste  honor- 
able audience  hearinge  the  allegacons  of  both  sides.    Wher  m'  Attur-  The  A'legacons  of 

both  sides  heard. 

ney  generall  delivered  his  cleere  opinion  to  the  EL"  That  the  Company 
by  their  Pattent  were  free  from  Imposieon;  And  in  line  itt  was 
ordered  by  their  Lo^":  that  the  said  M"'  lacobb  should  deliver  the  said  f.^'  ^f'^^  '^^ 

liuer  the  Xob&cco 

Tobacco  vnto  them  paying  all  other  Duties  that  might  appteyne  there - 
vnto,  w''''  was  submitted  to  their  Lo''" :  Judgments ; '  Therfor  he  moved 
that  the  Petition  togeather  w""  their  Lo^" :  order  might  be  entred  in 


^&^ 


the  Courte  Booke  w^'h  was  well  liked  of :  being  as  f olloweth 


^1 


To  y"  Ri:  Hono"':  the   IlL^:  and  others  of  his  Ma'":  most  Honorable  Priuie 

Councell 
The  humble  PetiCou  of  }'"  Thfer  Counsell  and  Company  for  Virginia 

Humbly  shew  vnto  yo''  Lo"":  Wheras  the  Plantacon  of  Virginia  by  reason  of  J'^*"  Compv  Peti- 

manv  great  difficulties  hath  beene  and  still  is  a  matte"'  of  excessive  charge  to  '^5"'  /•>     °        •"" 

,.,  .,  .I-..,  /-,!  -1      clarmge  their  iree- 

the  pticularr  Adventurers,  And  it  itt  please  God  to  psper  the  same  so  as  itt  be  j^^g  ^f  impod- 

brought  to  pfeccon  (wherof  the  hope  is  now  greate"^  then  heretofore  att  any  eon 

time)  Itt  wilbe  a  matter  not  onely  of  strength  and  honour  butt  allso  of  great 

proffitt  to  his  Ma'^:  and  his  people  And  to  his  Ma'''  pticulerly  in  his  Customs, 

vnto  w"*"  the  negotiacon  established  w'"  Virginia  will  raise  a  cleere  and  in  short 

time  a  great  addicon,  as  growinge  by  mutuall  Traffique  betweene  the  English 

and  English,  who  now  yearU'  remove  thither  in  very  great  multitudes:  [55] 

In  w""'  and  many  other  important  ConsideraCons  itt  pleased  his  most  excellent 

Ma'' :  of  his  Princely  benegnity  by  his  Tres  Pattents  bearringe  date  the  23'"  of 

May  in  the  Seaventh  year  of  his  Raigne  of  England  C.     To  graunt  vnto  the 

said  Company  ffreedome  from  Custome  and  Subsedie  in  Virginia  for  one  and 

Twenty  years  and  in  England  for  a  certaine  nomb""  of  years  now  expired,  and 

from  all  other  Taxes  and  Imposicons  for  ever.     "'Exceptinge  onely  the  ffiue 

'  See  letter  from  the  Privy  Council  to  Abraham  Jaoobs,  List  of  Records,  No.  137,  page  136,  aitte. 


282  RECORDS   OF  TEE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

"pounds  p  Centu:  due  for  Custome  vppon  all  such  goods  and  Marchandizes 
"as  .shalbe  brought  or  Imported  into  this  Realme  of  England  or  any  other  his 
"  Ma":  Dominions  accordinge  to  the  Ancient  Trade  of  Marchants." 

And  the  like  graunt  hath  beene  made  by  his  Ma*^:  to  y°  Comp*  of  y*  Somer 
Hands  by  his  gracious  tres  Pattents  bearinge  date  the  29""  of  Ivne  in  the  13"^ 
yeare  of  his  Raigne  of  England  C  save  that  the  freedome  from  Custome  and 
Subsydie  graunted  to  them  is  not  yett  expired.  Which  Comp"  of  the  Somer 
Hands  are  all  members  of  the  Virginia  Company  and  for  the  mutuall  strength 
of  both  parties  are  soe  to  continue. 

All  w''"  notwithstandinge  the  ffarmo'''  of  his  Ma":  Customs  by  a  generall  rate 
made  of  Tobacco  att  x'  the  pound  in  regard  the  Spanish  Tobacco  is  worth  much 
more  though  the  Virginia  Tobacco  give  not  halfe  so  much,  demaund  of  yo'' 
Supplyants  vj"  the  pound  for  their  Virginia  Tobacco  w'"  they  humbl}'  desire 
uia}'  be  rated  att  a  iust  valew  b}-  itt  selfe  (w""  they  shall  willingly  pay)  and  not 
raysed  to  the  double  by  cooplinge  itt  w'"  the  Spanish  v?""  is  sould  ordinaryly 
att  18°  the  pound  and  some  times  att  more. 

The}'  Complaiue  allso  to  your  LL''':  of  m''  lacobb  ffarmo''  of  y°  Impost  of 
Tobacco  who  by  color  of  a  much  latter  Graunt  from  his  Ma"'  demaundeth  of 
them  an  other  vj"  the  pound  vppon  their  Tobacco  contrary  to  his  Ma'°  most 
gracious  Graunt,  and  w""  allso  itt  is  not  possible  that  poore  Comodity  can 
beare. 

They  humbly  therfore  offer  to  yo""  EL"':  ConsideraCon  wheras  for  the  support 
and  increase  of  that  PlantaCon  to  draw  on  the  Collony  more  cheerfully  to  apply 
their  labour,  they  have  ei*ected  here  a  Society  of  pticuler  Adventure"  for 
Traffique  wth  them  of  Virginia  in  a  loynt  Stocke  for  d3'vers  years  commonly 
called  the  Magazine,  and  have  contracted  with  )'"  people  ther,  as  for  other 
Comodities  so  pticularly  to  give  them  iij'  a  pound  for  Tobacco,  by  vertue  of 
w"^"  Contracts  a  great  multitud  of  people  have  lately  beene  drawne  to  remove 
thither,  and  not  soe  fewe  as  one  Thowsand  Personns  are  providinge  to  goe 
and  Plant  there  in  the  Springe  approchiug,  that  if  to  that  iij'  be  added  this 
IS"*  demaunded  by  the  ffarmo""  together  w""  other  charges  of  ffraight  C  itt  will 
exceed  the  vtterraost  vallew  w""  att  this  da)'  the  Tobacco  can  be  sould  for,  and 
consequentlie  must  needs  dissolve  this  Traffique  established. 

And  they  further  Complaine  to  yo""  EL"':  of  m""  lacobb  that  wheras  this  Com- 
pany for  the  vphoulding  of  the  said  Traffique  sett  out  in  September  was  Twelue 
moneth  a  Ship  to  Virginia  for  the  bringinge  home  of  the  Comodities  as  itt 
were  the  Harvest  of  that  yeare,  wherby  the  people  there  are  to  bemaynteyned 
w'"  clothinge  and  necessary  Implements.     [56] 


DECEMBER  15,  1619  283 

The  Company  here  quickned  w"'  hope  of  proffite  bj-  trafEque  and  by  this 
mutuall  negotiacon  his  Ma'"  Customs  advanced:  And  accordingly  in  lune  last 
their  Ship  returned  and  brought  home  Twenty  thousand  pound  weight  of 
Tobacco  for  w'*"  besides  the  Marchandize  bartered  w'"  them  there  they  are  to 
discharge  here  aboue  Plight  hundred  pounds  of  Bills  of  Exchange,  And  vppon 
returne  of  their  Ship  they  brought  their  goods  into  the  Custome  house  as  they 
were  required  that  they  might  be  weighed  and  the  Custome  answered  for  the 
same  w""  they  were  most  willinge  and  redj-  to  discharge,  M"'  lacobb  of  his 
owne  authority  interupted  the  weyinge  of  their  Tobacco  and  forbad  farther 
proceeding  vnless  that  impost  of  vj'^  a  pound  were  allso  paid  vnto  him. 

Whervppon  they  flyinge  to  yo''  Lo"':  for  releife  obteyned  yo""  hono*^:  Letter  to 
m'"  lacobb  to  deliver  their  goods  they  entringe  into  bond  to  pay  him  whatso- 
ever should  appear  to  be  his  due,  by  yC  IT"'  iudgment^  vppon  certificate  from 
his  Ma'":  leirned  Councell,  and  w"'iu  one  moneth  after  itt  should  be  determyned, 
w""  order  yo""  Supplyant^  did  offer  him  to  pforme. 

But  m'  lacobb  refusinge  to  pforme  yo'  It"':  order  and  exactinge  of  them  another 
bond,  vizd  to  paj'  him  his  demaund  att  a  certaine  day  vnless  they  pcure  in  the 
meane  time  a  discharge  from  yo"'  TT"":  w"*"  thej'  thought  vnfitt  to  vndertake 
beinge  not  in  their  power  to  effect  hath  ever  since  now  for  the  space  of  fower 
monneths  and  vpward  Contrary  to  his  Ma'"  tres  Pattents  and  yo''  Lo^'  honor- 
able tres  (an  example  vnheard  of)  forceably  deteyninge  their  goods  to  their 
damage  att  least  of — 2500"  partly  by  the  impayringe  therof  in  worth  through 
dryinge  and  other  corrupcon  and  partly  by  the  Sale  of  price  vppon  the  Store 
of  English  Tobacco  w""*"  hath  since  beene  made 

They  further  Complaine  of  m"'  lacobb  that  wheras  the  Sofiier  Iland€  are  yett 
free  for  two  years  and  an  halfe  vnexpired  of  very  Custome  and  Subsedie.  m' 
lacobb  who  standinge  by  his  Officers  at  Plymouth  hath  caused  12''  the  pound  to 
be  exacted  for  their  Tobacco,  and  bond  to  be  entred  for  the  payment  therof 
on  the  Sixth  of  this  monneth  vnless  yo"'  lo"':  shalbe  pleased  in  the  meane  time 
to  discharge  y"  same. 

In  consideracon  of  w"*"  premises  these  Peticoners  most  hiunbly  beseech  your 
good  tto"":  that  wheras  they  are  now  in  ti'eaty  for  the  providing  &  settinge  forth 
of  two  Ships  imeadiatel}',  the  one  to  Virginia  expresly  for  his  Ma"  service,  and 
the  other  to  the  Somer  Iland.>  for  the  necessary  fortefyinge  and  sccuringe  of 
that  place,  And  for  as  much  as  they  dare  not  lett  them  Carry  thither  soe 
vnwellcome  news,  as  in  the  pticulers  before  sett  downe  And  forasmuch  allso 
as  the  preparacons  for  the  transport  of  those  —  1000  —  Persons  are  now  all 
att  a  stand  waightinge  vppon  the  success  of  this  present  buisines  that  yo''  tf": 
of  yo""  accustomed  goodness  and  fauor  toward  this  Plantacon.  and  to  prp>erve 


284  RECORDS  OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

itt  from  vtter  ruine  now  threatned  by  those  Courses  wilbe  pleased  in  vphould- 
inge  of  his  Ma":  gracious  Graunt  vnto  them  to  cause  their  goods  thus  deteyned  to 
be  att  length  deliu9ed  vppon  payment  of  such  duties  as  of  right  ought  to  be  paid. 

And  they  shall  allwaies  pra}'  for  yo''  lo"':  long  Continuance  in  all  pros- 
perity.    [57] 

Capt  ArgoiK  de-  Captaine  Ai'goU  vppon  his  owne  desire  to  answere  to  such  Crymes  as 
Cri'mer"i'^are^m-  ^^"^  imputed  to  Mm  in  the  time  of  his  Gouermeut  hath  been  sundry 
puted  to  him.  times  sumuioned  to  meete  the  Councell  att  Southampton  house  where 
M'  Thferc  reporte  i^aveiuge  sett  many  daies,  M''  Thf  er  now  presented  the  passage  of 
ings  with  hini.  their  seuerall  pceeding^  w"'  him  devydinge  his  charge  into  three 
partes. 

1:  His  Offences  in  matter  of  State,  2:  The  Depredacon  and  spoile  of 
the  publique  w*  other  offences  to  the  Company  and  Councell  and 
3:  his  oppression  there  of  the  Collony  in  generall  and  sundry  pticu- 
larr  men. 

To  the  Two  first  m""  Thfer  vppon  the  desyre  of  the  Counsell  was  con- 
tent to  collect  the  falts,  and  sett  downe  §in§  Articles  the  greivances 
of  the  Company  because  the  said  Cap'  Argoll  desyred  to  answere  every 
pointe  in  writinge.  Butt  the  third  of  the  opression  of  the  people 
haveinge  no  affinitie  w""  the  two  other  parte  may  be  answered  by 
themselvs  when  Certificate  shalbe  returned  from  thence  of  the  same 
hee  haveinge  answered  to  the  4  firste  Articles  of  Matter  of  State, 
The  buisines  to  be  The  second  parte  of  depradacon  was  deliu^d  vnto  him  in  Eight  Articles 
referrd  to  a  Law-  ^    ^r  Thx%x  earnestly  desyriugc  the  Courte  (as  the  Councell  thinkC 

yere&a^Iarchan'.      •'  jog  -ii 

Capt  Argoll  to  en-  itt  Couvenyent)  that  the  prosecutinge  herof  might  be  taken  outt  of 

tertaine  a  Coun-  j^ig  hauds,  and  referred  accordinge  to  the  CouncellC  order  vnto  a 

Lawyer  and  a  Marchaunt  to  solicite  the  Companies  cause  against 

The  Comp-  choise  \xyax ;  And  allso  Cap*  Argoll  desyred  that  in  respect  hee  was  no  great 

and  MlrchaiTt'^^'^''  Scollcr  that  hee  might  have  liberty  to  entertaine  Councell  to  defend 

his  Cause :  Soe  the  Courte  for  the  Company  have  now  made  choyse 

of  m'  Edward  Harbert  for  the  Lawyere  and  mr  Tho :  Keightley  for 

the  Marchant  agreeinge  that  all  the  writings  and  evidences  shall  be 

putt  into  their  hands,  And  that  the  Tfer  and  Councell  shall  be  iudges 

of  the  buisines,  Mr  Deputy  promisinge  to  enforme  and  ease  them  as 

much  as  hee  cann,  allowinge  allso  of  Cap'  Ai'golK  request. 


DECEMBER  15,  1619  285 

Wher  vppon  hee  made  a  second  that  in  regard  Sir  Thomas  Smith  was  ^apt  ArgoiK  eec- 
then  Thf  er,  and  may  say  some  thinge  to  some  orders  w''*'  was  given  him,  °°  ^^-'i^^ 
that  this  buisines  might  be  heard  att  his  house,  w''*'  m"'  Thfer  said  hee 
would  not  gainesay,  whensoeuer  the  mattere  were  handled  to  the 
knowledge  of  S"'  Tho:  Smith,  And  the  rather  for  that  the  firste  move- 
inge  against  Cap'  Argoll  pceeded  from  S'  Thomas  Smith,  and  m"'  Al- 
derman lohnson,  w**"  some  other  as  appeareth  both  by  their  lette"  to 
Cap*  Argoll  himselfe  of  the  3*^  of  August  i6i8,  As  allso  by  their  other 
Tres  to  the  Lord  Lawarr  att  y"  same  time,  wherin  they  charge  him 
w""  all  or  most  of  the  said  Crymes,  &  that  in  verie  sharpe  sorte;  Re- 
quiringe  the  Lord  Lawarr  to  send  him  home  to  his  answere  to  sequestre 
his  goods  there  and  to  restore  to  the  publique  all  such  Cattle  as  hee 
had  alyenated  w^'out  lawfull  warrant : 

Wheras  the  last  Court  agreed  to  give  vnto  my  Lord  of  London^  Reg-  My  lc:  of  Lon- 
ister  for  his  paines  in  their  Colleccons  the  some  of  xx  pounds  form^ly  ''""<' 'I'^'ite of  ix" 
pmised  m'  Thf rer  informed  that  his  llo^ :  hereing  therof  was  not  well  Register, 
pleased  therew'''  and  would  not  assent  that  any  pt  of  the  1000"  w*^*"  hee 
had  sent  in  should  be  deminished :  As  allso  that  aecordinge  to  the 
Arehbishope  of  YorkC  desyre  hee  had  sentt  him  200  new  breifC  for  200  new  briefs  gent 
Colleccon.     [58]  If  v^kt'"""'"' 

The  Councell  meetinge  aecordinge  to  the  referrence  in  the  last  Court  The  Counseiis  re- 
and  pvsinge  the  Ires  Pattents  grew  to  this  Conclusion  that  by  the  tre'^  pa°tte^n^'"'^ "'" 
lycense  of  the  said  Councell  itt  might  be  lawfull  for  either  of  the  said 
Collonies  to  fish  w"'in  the  liberties  the  one  of  the  other  butt  since 
some  of  the  Northerne  Collonj'  flyinge  from  that  agreement  pretend 
to  Consider  better  of  itt  before  they  will  give  answere  there  vnto. 
Howsover  the  Councell  haveinge  occasion  to  psue  itt  vppo  the  Mocon 
of  m'  Thfer  have  given  lycence  vnder  their  scale  vnto  the  Society  of  Lycense  piuen  to 
Smiths  hundred  to  goe  a  fishingo  w"""  Scale  was  this  day  in  open  Courte  ^.™der\.-  ^^l\^  to 
and  by  the  allowance  therof  affixed  to  their  saide  Lycense,  as  allso  Fish  in  y'ycoi- 
to  a  Duply cate  of  the  same.  ^°-^' 

Att  this  Court  M"'  Thfer  acquainted  the  Company  that  the  day  before  sir  Edw;  sandys 
S^  Tho:  Smiths  Ace"  had  beene  brought  in  to  the  Audito"  and  for  the  ;"'-'^'°"  •''^ra  Pni^ 

.  ^  licacon  to  be  sett 

spedyer  Auditmge  and  concludmge  of  them  itt  was  moved  by  him  in  out  in  prime 


286  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGIXIA  COMPANY 

the  name  of  the  Audito"^  who  by  one  ^  assent  had  approved  therof 

that  a  ^  Publicacon  might  be  sett  ontt  in  printe,  In  y^  firsts 

parte  to  sett  downe  the  names  in  Alphabeticall  order  of  every  Adven- 
turer and  their  seuerall  Siimms  Adventured  that  therby  all  may  take 
notice  of  their  sumes  broiight  in,  and  be  summoned  to  com  in  for 
their  Land  proporconable  thervnto,  before  the  best  were  possessed  by 
new  Adventnro"  or  Planters  w"''  might  be  allso  a  means  of  a  speedy 
The   mocon   ap-  encrease  and  ^  of  the  Plantacon    And  in  the  second  pt  to  con- 

proued  o  an^  y'  ^^^^  such  scandalous  reports  as  have  beene  divulged  of  Virginia  by  the 

drawing  of  itt  re-  ^       _  o  p  .7 

ferd  to  m'  Thfer  lustificacon  of  the  Inhabitants  there,  wch  mocon  was  generally  ap- 
&  D'  winstone.     proved  by  the  Courte  referringe  the  drawiuge  of  the  said  Publicacon 
to  m^  Thfer  &  D^:  Winstone.' 

Mr  Keightieye  re-  Mr  Thomas  Keightley  beinge  formerly  amongst  others  chosen  an  Aii- 
Aia*az*iMAcc^^^'  dito'  for  the  Magazine  Accomp'",  now  reported  that  although  y*"  Court 
tooke  some  distaste  att  m'  Essington  touchinge  the  same,  yett  hee 
and  the  rest  appoynted  w*''  him  haveinge  Audited  itt  never  found 
books  in  better  order  nor  Accompts  better  kept,  for  not  fower  peny- 
worth  of  goods  is  sent  butt  is  orderly  sett  downe,  marvelinge  that  as 
itt  appears  ther  should  be  2000  &  odd  pounds  owinge  to  the  Adven- 
turo'"  and  they  continue  indebted  1000''  to  the  Chamber  of  London 
„   „,  ,  besides — 5200   and  odd  pounds  worth  of  goods  remayninge  in  the 

Mr  Thfer  moued  .  ^       ^  -rrri  . 

for  3:  things  to  be  Magazine  as  itt  cost  the  first  penny  here :  W hervppon  itt  was  mooved 
considered  of  \)j  ^  Thf err  that  three  poyntC  might  be  considered :  1 :  The  sale  of 
the  Tobacco  2 :  Concerninge  those  difficulties  that  are  founde  in  the 
Accomp"  meneoned  by  m''  Keightley :  3 :  wheither  to  peeed  w**"  the 
Magazine  or  dissolve  itt.  ffor  the  first  m'  Bearblock,  m'  Caninge, 
and  m'  Smith  are  intreated  to  goe  to  S'  lohn  Wolstenholme  to  know 
when  hee  holds  itt  convenyen*  to  make  Sale  of  itt,  and  accordingly 
order  shalbe  given  for  the  Adventurers  meetinge.      [59] 

ffor  the  second  itt  was  agreed  accordinge  to  former  order  that  when 
the  AccomptC  are  prepared  they  shalbe  presented  to  the  Counsell  to 

'  A  blank  space  m  the  manuscript. 

"  Such  a  list  was  printed  in  the  Dechtration  of  June  22,  lfi20.  There  was  also  a  broadside  of  May 
17,  1620,  which  set  forth  the  condition  of  the  colony  and  its  commodities.  See  List  of  Records,  Nob. 
174  and  183,  pages  140  and  141  ante. 


DECEMBER  in,  1619  287 

have  those  doubles  decyded,  And  Wheras  the  Society  of  Smiths 
Hundred  are  indebted  to  the  Adventurers  of  the  Magazine  for  men 
transported  in  the  William  and  Thomas  Itt  is  referred  vnto  fower  to 
examine  what  is  due  and  itt  shall  be  paied  vizd  m'  Caswell  and  m"' 
Smith  for  the  Aduenturers,  and  m""  lohn  Ferrar  and  m'  Keightley  for 
Smiths  hundred ;  And  for  the  last  whether  the  Magazine  shall  con  - 
tinue  or  noe,  itt  is  referred  to  be  disputed  of  att  the  Adventuro"  meet- 
ing for  Sale  of  the  Tobacco. 

ffor  the  fiftie  men  w*""  are  now  to  be  sent  vppo  Comaund  from  his  ^°''"  *"  ^«  ^'^■ 
Ma'^:  Itt  was  agreed  vppo  the  mocon  of  m"^  Thfer  for  the  apparrellinge  fortumishii'igof "v 
and  furnishinge  them  w""  other  necessary  expences,  one  Hundred  oO:  men. 
pounds  shall  be  allowed  to  be  disbursed  out  of  y"  Cash  and  afterward 
to  be  reembursd  w""  the  rest  by  their  Maisters. 

M'  Thfer  signifyiuge  y*  the  Lord  Maior  desyringe  some  of  the  Com  - 

pany  to  be  present  att  their  Court  att  Giuldhall  they  should  vnder-  Someof  y'Compa: 

stand  the   Citties  pleasitre   touching  the   mocon  for  the  Children,  ^"jQiJ^jg'^^u"" 

therfore   mooved  y'  some   might  be  appoynted  to  attend   them  to 

know  their  resolucons:    Whervppon  the  Courte  ernestly  entreated 

himselfe  to  take  the  paines  Associatinge  vnto  him  S''  lohn  Dauers,  S"' 

Tho :  Wroth,  m'  lohn  Wroth,  m"'  D'  Winstone,  m'  Abbott,  m'  Gibbs, 

m"^  Bearblock,  m"^  Caninge  and  m''  Palmer  tomorrow  morninge  att  10: 

of  the  Clocke  att  Giuldhall  w*"^  notw^'standinge  the  multiplycitie  of 

many  other  buisinesses  for  the  Company  bee  hath  pmised  to  pforme. 

Itt  is  agreed  that  m"'  Batemans  bill  of  Exchange  shalbe  paide  by  the  Mr.  Batemans  bill 
Adventurers  of  the  Magazine  who  are  content  to  disburse  the  money  paiarby'^'^'' Ad- 
till  itt  may  be  vnderstood  who  of  right  stiall  pay  itt.  uenturere  of  y 

Magazine. 

M^  Ralph  Yeardleys  Peticon  in  behalf e  of  his  Brother  S'  Georg  Yeard-  ^*'  '^^'^^  ^'^^'^- 

.  ^  .        ^  levs>    peticon    ap- 

ley  was  read  and  approved  by  the  Courte,  butt  by  reason  itt  grew  late  p^ue<^  of 
itt  was  referred  to  the  next  Court  to  be  pformed. 

Elizabeth  Barkeleys  Peticon  referred  to  the  same  time.  ^^"^'    Berkeley? 

Peticon  referd. 
16455— VOL  1—06 19 


288 


RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 


xvi"  to  be  paide  Notice  beinge  given  to  Mr.  Thfer  that  Katherine  Bath  hath  chosenn 
diue  for  V' Vse  of  Frauucis  BaiTadine  of  London  Chandlor  to  be  her  Gardeon,  who 
Kath:  Bath.  beinge  present  shewed  forth  an  Instrument  for  the  same,  Itt  was 
agi-eed  y'  a  warrant  should  be  made  for  payment  of  the  Sixteen  pounds 
odd  mony  to  the  said  ffrauneis  Barradine  for  her  vse  and  so  the  Com- 
pany to  discharge  themselvs  of  that  Debt  w''''  accordinge  to  a  former 
order  they  were  to  pay  vse  for  appoyutinge  him  to  be  vppon  Munday 
morninge  att  the  generall  Audite  and  hee  should  receive  yt.     [60] 


DECEMBER,  Y«  33:  1619 


Present. 


Ri  Hono : 


Lord  Cauendish. 
Generall  Csecill. 


Extr:  Courte. 


S""  lohn:  Dauers. 
S^Nath:  Rich. 
S'lo:  Wolstenholme. 
S'  Henry  lones. 
m'  lohn  Wroth, 
m''  Tho:  Gibbes. 
m"^  Edw :  Harbert, 
m'  Kempton. 


m'  lohn  Ferrar  Dep' 
m'  D'  Winstone. 
m"^  Ferrar  Junior, 
m"'  Nicholas  Leate. 
m''  Henry  Briggs. 
m^  Tho  Keatley. 
m''  Cranmere. 
m'  Bamforde. 


m'W^iCahinge. 
m^  Bull, 
m""  Caswell, 
m"^  Bearblock. 
m''  Mellinge. 
m''  Geo.  Smith. 
m'  Roberta, 
m''  Sparrow. 


in°*^DTmilT  or-  ^  Comissiou  to  lohu  Damyrou  m^  of  y^  Duety  beinge  now  red  & 

deredtobeseaiied.  allowed  for  takinge  the  first  optunytie  of  winde  and  weather  to  sett 

Saile   for  Virginia  w'^   the   Passengers  the  Company  shippeth   by 

Commaund  from  his  Ma"' :  was  now  ordered  that  the  Seale  should  be 

thervnto  affixed. 


Some  of  y  Comp':  jyi"- Deputy  informinge  the  Court  that  the  knight  Marshall  havinge 
touchtnge"y''\^o:  ^©eu  w'"  m'  Thfer  gave  him  to  vnderstand  that  vppon  Munday  morn- 
men  y'  must  he  inge,  ffiftie  of  the  Persons  to  be  transported  for  his  Ma"' :  should  be  att 
transported  Bridewell  for  the  Company  to  make  choyce  of  such  as  they  thinke  for 


DECEMBER  23,  1619  289 

the  present  fitt  to  be  sent  therfore  moved  that  some  might  repare 
thether  att  8  of  the  Clock  to  meet  the  kn'  Marshall  about  that  buisi  - 
nes;  Whervppon  the  Courte  have  desyred  M'  D'  Wynstone,  m''  Can- 
inge,  m''  Cranmore,  and  m"^  Thomas  Mellinge  to  be  there  att  that  time. 

The  Charter  party  beinge  drawne  and  now  psented  between  S"'  Edw:  The  charter  party 
Sandys kn'^Thfer and  S' Anthony  Aucher,  and  Cap"^  Thompson  express-  p-anTi*cap^'Tom7>^ 
inge  y"  ConenntC  betweene  the  Comp" :  and  the  said  Cap'  Tompson  son  presentci. 
for  fraight  of  the  good  Ship  called  the  lonathan,  and  Transportacon 
of  '  Passengers;  M'  Deputy  desyred  that  M'  Thfer  beinge  to  Mr  xhrr.  to  be 

seale  yt  for  the  vse  of  the  Company,  there  might  be  an  order  of  this  ^"^'^  barmeieas. 
Court  to  save  him  harmeless.     W''  the  Courte  so  willingly  assented 
vnto  y'  they  confirmed  his  securitie   (beinge  putt  to  y''  question)  by 
ereccon  of  hands. 

ff  if  teen  thousand  waight  of  choyce  Tobacco  beinge  sepated  from  the  ^^^-  «-"ofchoyce 
worst,  one  third  pt  of  itt  was  agreed  to  be  putt  to  Sale  by  the  Candle  fronrv^wo^™' 
allowinge  Trett  4  in  the  C :  to  pay  att  :  6  :  and  :  6  :  moneths  and  if 
any  of  the  Comp":  buy  itt,  to  have  the  Custome  free  if  they  export  M' -Meiiinpe  ha.i  it 
itt:  M'  Tho:  Mellinge  biddinge  iij'  want  a  penny  att  the  goinge  out  ^  "^  ^^  ■ 
of  the  flame  had  itt  adiudged. 

A  warfnt  accordinge  to  order  in  the  last  Courte  was  now  allowed  -^  ""arfnt  seaiiM 
and  signed  by  the  Audito"  to  m'  Thfer  for  the  paym'  of  Sixteen  p^aym'  of  x^j' 'to 
pounds  to  ffrauncis  Barradine  Katherine  Bath  haveinge  made  choyce  Fra;  Barradine 
of  him  to  be  her  Guardian.  ^°'  ^"^  ^^'^ 

Ann  other  warfnt  was  allowed  and  signed  to  m'  Thfer  for  paym'  of  ^  warr:  sealed  to 
400":  to  Cap':  Tompson,  in  pt  of  the  Comp":  agreem'  for  the  fraight  j^l' J^^xv^ToCap- 
of  the  Ship  and  Transportacon  of  Passenge"  accordinge  to  order  of  Tompson. 
Courte  made  primo  die  xbris  1G19. 


Elias  Roberta  haveinge  paid  in  12":  10":  00  to  m'  Thfer  a  bill  of  Adven-  a  wu  of  .Wnen- 
ture  was  now  allowed  &  sealed  vnto  him  for  a  single  IShare  of  100  Koben?'^  '"  ""' 
Acres  of  Land  iu  Virginia.     [()!] 

'  A  blank  space  in  the  manuscript. 


290 


RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 


JANUARY  Y«  VIIJ*"  1619 


8'  Edwin  Sandys  Kn' 
S"'  lohn  Daiiers. 
S'  Frauucis  Lee. 
S'  lo:  Wolstenholme. 
S^Nath:  Rich, 
m"' Robert  Ofley. 
m'  lo :  Ferrar  Dep'. 
m'  D'  Gulstone. 


Present. 

Thfer. 

m"^  Thomas  Gibbes. 
m'  Nicholas  Ferrar. 
m'  W"  Caninge. 
m"^  Hen:  Briggs. 
m'  Ri:  Wiseman, 
m''  Tho:  Keightley. 
m"'  Cranmer. 


m^  Edw.  Ditchfield. 
m'  Whetley. 
m"'  Casewell. 
m^  Bull, 
m"^  Darnelly. 
m""  Bearblock. 
m'  Georg  Smith, 
m'  Roberta. 
m'  Melliuge. 


Thecaiiingeofthis  M"  Thfer  signified  that  the  cause  of  this  extraordinary  Coui'te  was  to 
whetherVcomp"  understand  their  resolucons,  about  a  matter  recoiiiended  to  them  fro 
woidefarmey«im-  his  Ma'^' :  by  rcason  of  the  Maister  ||of  thell  Wardes,  whether  the  Com- 
post  of  Tobacco     pany  would    Ifarme   the   impost   of   Tobacco  or  any  pt   therof  att 

Eight  Thousand  pounds  p  Annu  and  pay  12*^  a  pound  for  Custome 

of  their  Tobacco,  itt  haveinge  been  thought  convenyent  to  raise  the 
The  Custome  c^igtome  vppo  Tobacco  to  that  Rate  for  that  some  Spanish  Tobacco 
raised  '   "  *°   ^  hath  becnc  sould  att  Twenty  Shillings  p  pound  of  w"*"  12*^ :  vj'^ :  was 

to  be  paid  to  the  ffarmers  of  the  Imposte  and  vj**  to  the  ffarmers  of 

the  Custome. 

The  resoiucon  for  After  somc  disputacou  itt  was  answered  that  the  Kinge  hadd  graunted 
slna  graunted  by  them  their  Pattent  vnder  the  brode  Scale  vppon  good  grounds,  to  paie 
y' King  in  his  tres  onely  five  p  Cent:  and  no  more  w^''  Prevyledge  they  could  not  give 
ratten tc  con-        ^^^  betray  withoutt  great  breach  of  duetv,  as  allso  the  certaine 

firmed  ^  •'  "     _ 

hazard  of  the  whole  Plantacon,  And  this  poynt  was  stood  so  reso- 
lutely vppon  that  being  putt  to  the  question  itt  was  confirmed  by  all 
the  hands  noe  one  dissentinge. 


JANUA  n  Y  8,  1620  291 

And  therfoi'e  forasmuch  as  their  Virginia  §Tobacco§  was  never  yett  'f  r  virg: Tobacco 
soukl  in  any  sale  that  tooke  effect  att  aboue  five  shillings  the  pound  p^^^  j^ev  are  con- 
but  many  times  vnder  they  could  not  give  way  to  pay  more  for  Cus-  tent  to  encreas 
tome  then  three  pence  vppon  the  pound  w""  is  full  five  in  the  hundred  Jl]g^^~*"*''^ 
yett  so  that  if  hereafter  itt  should  rise  to  a  higher  price  they  would 
willingly  encrease  their  Custome  to  the  highest  of  that  rate. 

Yett  in  regard  they  vnderstand  by  m'  Thfrer  that  his  Ma'*' :  out  of  ^.^«  .  Planting  of 
love  and  affeccon  to  this  Com])any  have  given  order  for  y''  inhib-  inhibited  bVhia 
iting  the  plantinge  of  English  Tobacco  for  these  five  years  to  beging  Ma"  for  those  a 
at  Michaellmas  next  insueinge  w""  resteth  to  be  proclaymed  till  the  ^^"' 
Company  have  deliuered  their  Answere  w'*"  is  expected  att  y"  Counsell 
Table  this  afternoone,  in  Consideracon  therof  itt  is  now  assented  [63] 
to  and  ordered  by  the  Courte  that  duringe  the  said  ffive  years  if  y* 
Proclamacon  continue  so  longe  and  take  effect  in  gratificacon  el  11  to  11  ^''°®  p?"''^  ^"Pfff 

-,  •      -Kir    t     n        -,  •  ■  c  11-  II        n  a  pound  tube  Add- 

his  Ma^^  tor  his  most  gracious  lauour  to  add  nine  pence  more  vppon  ed  to  eattisfie  his 
a  pound  so  to  make  itt  vpp  xij*^  beiuge  in  full  of  his  Ma"  demaund  ^^a"  demaund. 
though  not  in  the  same  forme. 

And  beinge  demaunded  by  m'  Thfer  whether  they  would  vndertake  '^^^  Vndertakinge 
the  farme  or  participate  therof  the  Court  held  itt  inconvenyent  to  hicont-envent.  ^ 
medle  therw""  in  their  generall  for  as  much  as  they  had  neither 
Stock  nor  Rente  yett  wherby  to  pay  itt,  Yett  because  his  Ma'" :  most 
gracious  offer  should  nott  seeme  in  any  poynt  to  be  neglected  or 
refused,  Itt  was  desyred  thatt  some  pticularr  psonns  of  the  Com- 
pany, and  in  name  of  the  Company  though  for  their  owne  pticularr 
vse  should  ioyne  for  some  pt  therof  w*"*"  was  assented  to :  And  m'  '^°'"®  pticniar  per- 

sonsol  \'*Lonip':to 

Thomas  Keightley  wth  some  other  yeilded  to  accept  therof  for  a  third  ioyne  for  some  pt 
pt  w"*"  was  Confirmed  and  so  ordered  by  the  Courte.  t*^""^ 

And  because  this  their  determinacon  mvst  forthwith  be  presented  to  M'TUferandsome 
the  Lords,  The  Court  have  desyred  mr.  Thfer  to  take  the  paines  and  comp'  det'eraina- 
have  entreated  to  accompany  him,  m"'  Tho:    Gibb^  m"'  Wheatley.  >^-onApresentit  to 
m'  Cranmer,  m"^  Keightley  m"^  Ditchfielde,  m' Wiseman,  m' Bearbloci,  -^^^"^ 
m''  Caswell,  and  m'  Mellinge. 


292 


RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 


lANUARY  Y«:  ISt":  1619 


Present. 


S^  Edwin  Sandys  Kn'  Thfer. 


S^Tho:  Wroth. 
S''Io:  Wolsteuholme. 
S^Nath:  Riche. 
S'  Henry  lones. 
m^  Robt.  Offley. 
m'  lohn:  Ferrar  Dep'. 
m'  Thomas  Gibbes. 


m'  Richard  TomlynC. 

m'  Tho:  Keightley. 

m''  Harbert. 

m'  Nieho :  Ferrar. 

ni'  Bearblock. 

m"^  Caswell. 

m'  Meuerell. 

Tsf  Swinhow. 


m"'  Bamfoi'de 
m"'  Caninge. 
m"'  Briggs. 
m^  Woodall. 
\sl  Couell. 
m'  George  Smith. 
m''  Arruudle. 
m'^Eli:  Roberta, 
m'  Tho:  Mellinge. 


M'  Jhfers  report 
touching  y''  deter- 
uiiuacon  of  that 
hi?  Ma"  Coniend- 
ed  vnto  the. 


The  Acte  to  be  en- 
tred  in  y*  LL": 
Comissioners  Re- 
cords. 


A  Comittee  to  re- 
pare  to  y'  Clerk  of 
y''  Counaell  to  take 
care  y'  y"  bargaine 
be  entred  &  to  pro- 
cure a  Coppie  ther- 
of  to  be  entred 
amongst  y'  Comp*: 
orders. 


This  Courte  was  given  intelligence  by  m'  Thfer  that  hee  had  acquainted 
the  Lords  Comissioners  for  the  Treasury  as  hee  and  some  others  ||were|| 
requested  touchinge  the  determinacon  of  that  his  Ma*'" :  recommended 
vnto  them  expressed  att  .large  in  the  Court  goinge  before  w"*"  was  y* 
notwithstanding  they  altered  the  forme  of  his  Ma" :  demaund  yett  they 
agreed  in  y"  substance  of  giveinge  xij**  a  pound,  vizd  3*^  Custome  accord - 
inge  to  ther  Pattent  and  nine  pence  more  for  five  years  in  Consideracon 
of  the  displantinge  of  English  Tobacco.  Yett  the  Lords  tooke  itt  [63] 
acceptably  that  in  substance  they  had  agreed  and  for  matter  of  forme 
itt  should  be  accomodated  by  beiuge  passed  ouer  on  both  sides : 
Butt  for  as  much  as  divers  of  the  Courte  conceiveth  that  vnless  this 
offer  and  the  true  meaninge  therof  be  entred  as  an  Act  in  the  LL' : 
Comissione^  Records  itt  wilbe  very  difficult  att  the  expiracon  of  five 
yeares  to  w*''di'aw  itt  butt  that  continuiuge  so  longe  itt  wilbe  expected 
forever  as  a  duty  due  from  the  Company  to  his  Ma'^ :  ffor  prevent- 
inge  of  w'^''  so  neere  as  may  be  the  Courte  hath  now  appoynted  a 
Comittee  to  repare  to  the  Clark  of  the  Counsell,  and  to  take  care  that 
this  bargaine  be  Recorded,  and  to  pcure  a  Coppy  therof  to  be  entred 
amongst  the  rest  of  the  Companies  orders:  And  because  the  said 
Clarke  of  the  Couucell  may  better  vnderstand  the  Companies  true 


JANUA  R  Y  m,  1G20  293 

meaninge  they  have  required  their  Secretary  to  Coppy  outt  their  last  '^''®  Secretarj'  to 
Courte  tliat  the  said  Comittee  may  deliver  itt  vnto  him.     The  Comit-  yMast  Courte'^ 
tees  are  S"'  lohn  Dauers,  S'  Nathaniell  Rich,  M'  Thomas  Keightley, 
and  M"'  Berblock,  who  have  promised  to  goe  aboute  itt  vppon  ffi-yday 
Morninge  next  att  eight  of  y"  Clocke. 

And  wheras  some  desyred  that  in  handliuge  of  this  buisines  they  The  (-leeringe  of 
would  have  cleered  the  garblinge  of  their  Tobacco,  w*^*"  is  expected  !;!'*:"^  garbling^  of 

°  °  '  ^  Tuljacco  held  im- 

shortly  to  be  imposed  vppon  them  by  the  Pattentees  thereof:  Itt  was  otiuent    to  this 
answered  that  itt  was  not  a  thinge  ptinent  to  this  buisines,  as  allso  that  Cuisines, 
in  the  last  Court  itt  was  spoken  of  butt  not  concluded  as  thinkinge  itt 
vnseasonable  to  goe  aboute  preventinge  of  that  w'^''  as  yett  was  not 
demaunded,  and  in  right  could  not  be  imposed  on  the  Company  whose 
goods  are  free  from  all  imposicons  and  Taxes. 

M'  Thfer   and   m'  Deputy   beinge   yeasterday   w""   the   Lo:    Maior,  ^i'  Threr  a  m' 

Reported  that  hee  informed  them,  the  Cittie  had  agreed  to  provide  pon^touchinge "^v* 

one  hundreth  Children  for  Virginia,  and  to  allow  the  Company  five  loo  children  to  be 

pound  apeec  three  pounds  towards  their  passage  and  ffortie  shillings  ^^°* '"  ^  "^""^ 

for  Aparrell,  desyringe  mr  Thfer  to  deliver  in  writinge  the  Condicons 

the  Company  will  pf orme  w"*"  hee  hath  promised  to  doe  to  morrow : 

And  further  did  demaund  what  land  they  should   have  in  lew  of 

their   Transportacon,   who   answered   that   they  were   not  to   have 

any,    butt   after   the   expiracon    of   their  Apprentishipp,  they  were 

to   be   TeuntC   to    the   Common    Land,   butt   in   regard    the   Cittie 

beareth   the   halfe   charge   of   their  transportacon  hee  thought  the 

Court  would  allow  them  25  Acres  apeec  of  every  each  one  of  them, 

w*^*"  for  the  plsentt  his  Lor'':  seemed  to  be  sattisfied  therewith.     [64] 

Concerninge  the  Magazine  touchinge  the  poynt  wheither  itt  should  The  Magazine  dis- 
continue or  nott,  after  some  reasons  given  for  the  maynteyninge  of  "'^ " 
itt  no  longer,  Itt  was  generally  agi-eed  by  the  Adveuturoi-'  that  itt 
should  be  dissolved,  w*"*"  by  ereccon  of  hands  beinge  putt  to  the  ques- 
tion was  ratefyed,  now  orderinge  that  for  the  5200:  and  odd  pounds 
worth  of  goods  there  remayninge  rated  as  they  Cost  heer  first  penny 
shall  first  be  putt  of,  before  any  other  of  the  same  kinde  w'"''  pad  ven- 
ture by  pryvate  men  may  be  sent,  and  so  much  to  give  y""  Plantaeons 


294  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA   COMPANY 

informacon  of  by  letters,  as  allso  that  if  they  will  ioyne  and  take 
these  Magazine  Goods  remayninge  in  store,  that  then  itt  shaibe  law- 
full  for  them  to  have  presently  an  absolute  free  Trade,  w""  may 
seeme  by  this  restrainte  to  be  in  pt  debarred  from  them. 

S'  lo:  Woieten-  ^^^  -f^^,  asmuch  as  S''  lohn  Wolstenholme  by  reason  of  his  waightie 

y'  place  of  Direc-  imploymcnts.  Can  by  no  means  Continue  in  the  place  of  Director  hee 

ton".  is  now  freed  of  the  same.  And  by  the  Adventurors  now  present 

agi'eed  that  their  gouerment  shaibe  the  same,  wth  the  Gouerment  of 

the  Courte  saveinge  that  in  matters  meei'ly  eoncerninge  the  Magazine 

none  shall  have  voyce  butt  the  Adventurers. 

fory«Tobacc°:vn-  ^^^(j  f-Qj.  \\^q  Tobacco  rcmayningc  yett  to  be  sould  itt  was  agreed  as 
haue  one  th!rd  o^f  P^  *^*  ^^^  Advcuturers  held  itt  requisite  that  M'  Leat  for  the  better 
r  whole.  Sale  of  the  other  should  have  one  third  of  the  whole,  vppon  such 

Condicons  as  the  rest  shaibe  sould,  and  to  pay  for  itt  att  such  time 
and  tymes  as  shaibe  for  that  remayninge  concluded  vppon ;  Prouided 
that  itt  be  good  &  Marchauntable  and  for  the  rest  beinge  estimated 
to  be  about  10000  waight  itt  was  agreed  should  be  devided  into  ft'ive 
parts  and  have  entrusted  as  well  the  deliuery  of  the  ^  to  M'  Leate  as 
the  Sale  of  the  rest,  vnto  M"'  Wiseman  and  M"'  Cranmer,  for  the  Com- 
pany and  for  the  Adventurers,  M'  George  Smith,  M'"  Rich:  Paulson, 
M'  Caswell,  and  M'  Melliuge,  w'"  beinge  putt  to  the  question  was  by 
hands  Confirmed. 

M'  Thfer  siKiiified  Mr  Treasurer  declared  that  for  the  expeditinge  of  S"^  Thomas  Smiths 
can  'pubiicaeon  ^ccomp'*  the  Auditors  resolved  and  accordinge  as  they  hadd  prom- 
oannot  be  pformd  ised  my  Lord  of  Southampton  to  sett  forth  an  Alphabeticall  publi  - 
because  mr  Mark-  gacon  of  all  the  Adventurors  w"*"  hee  reported  now  they  could  not 
the  Alphabet  pformc  by  reasou  mr.  Markham  deteyneth  the  Alphabett  Bookes  [65] 
Bookes.  notwithstandinge   hee   hath   often   beene   required   to    bringe  them 

M'  Markham  de-  gj^j^g^.  ^q  j^j^g  g^j^  Audito"  or  to  the  Com'tc  and  so  had  promised,  who 

maundeln     .'«ttiH-  ^  _  ' 

faccon  for  his  beinge  uow  present  himself e  answered  that  the  keepinge  of  them 
paines  befor   he  go^i^j  j^g  j^q  hindcrauce  to  their  proceedings,  for  asmuch  as  they  had 

dehu9 y  Alphabet    ,  .    .       ,,  ,        i       ,.  i  ,  ,  t  h  -p  ^i       ^ 

Bookes.  the  originall  books  from  whence  they  were  extracted,  w    if  the  Com- 

pany would  give  him  sattisfaccon  for  his  extraordinary  paines,  hee 
would  forthwith  deliver  them:    Butt  beinge  pemptorily  warned  by 


JANUAR  Y  m,  169M  295 

m'  Thfrer  hee  toukl  him  that  his  Allegacons  were  false  and  frivelous, 
hee  promised  the  next  day  to  bringe  in  the  Companies  and  for  sattis- 
faccon  of  his  paines,  w'^*'  were  saide  by  some  to  have  beene  greate,  itt 
was  not  denyed  but  hee  deserved  recompence,  butt  whether  from  the 
Company,  who  for  very  small  service  done  them  had  paid  him  liber- 
ally or  from  S'"  Thomas  Smith  the  rectyfyinge  of  whose  Accompt  had 
beene  the  wholl  subiect  of  his  Laboure  was  aceordinge  to  the  orders 
of  the  Company  to  be  Considered  in  a  Quarter  Courte. 

M'  Mellinge  desyred  the  allowance  of  a  bill  of  Adventure  dewe  vnto  M'HumrXomkins 
m''  Humphrey  Tompkins  of  xij" — x' :  00 :  w"*"  hee  adventured  in  the  allowed  of 
five  shilling^  Lottery:  w"*"  the  Court  now  allowed. 

Wheras  M"  Anthony  demaundeth  some  Prizes  dew  vnto  her  by  the  Mrs.   Antho:  de- 
ffiue  shillings  Lottery  the  Courte  have  desyred  m''  lohn  Wroth  and  l^ug'^vnto" her"b^ 
m''  Cranmer  to  ripen  the  buisines  of  the  Lotteries  and  then  present  }•*  a-  Lotte: 
itt  to  the  Audito"  who  will  take  order  for  the  payment  of  such  pryzes 
as  are  due. 

M'  Deputy  acquainted  this  Courte  that  the  Comittees  hadd  agreed  for  The  Comitteex 
the  transportinge  of  200  Personns  more  w**"  the  owners  of  a  Ship  agreem":  with  >■' 
called  the  London  Marchant  about  300  Tunns  vppon  y''  same  condicons  j^a  n-  h  a  n't  for 
as  they  did  formerly  w*""  Captaine  Tompson,  namely  to  pay  700"  before  transporting  200 
the  Ship  departed  and  GOO"  vppon  Certificate  of  the  Ships  aryvall  in  ^^"""^  approued 
Virginia;  The  Ship  to  be  redy  in  Tilbury  Hope  the  xx*"  day  of  ffeb- 
ruary  next  to  take  in  the  Passengers :  M''  Thfer  and  himself e  beinge 
demaunded  by  the  said  Owners  to  seale  the  Charter  pty. 

The  Court  approved  of  the  bargaine  and  requested  them  to  seale  the  M'  Thfer  and  m' 
Charter  party,  and  ordeyned    that  the  Comp^:    should    saue   them  )^^p"' ^"^  *!^'^  ^'* 

1  rfifJT  Charter  party 

harmelesse.     [00  J 


296 


RECORDS   OF  THE  TIRO  INI  A  COMPANY 


lANUAKY  THE  36"':  1619. 


S'  lohn  Dauers. 
S^Nath:  Riche. 
S^  Thomas  Wroth, 
m'lo:  Wroth. 
m'  Ferrar  Deputy, 
m"'  Rich :  TomlynC. 
m^Tho:  Gibbes. 
m''  D'  Winstone. 
m'  D"^  Bohune. 


Present. 

m"^  Edw:  Harbert. 
m''Nicho:  Ferrar. 
m'  Sheppard. 
m"'  Henry  Briggs. 
m''  Bamforde. 
m''  Kempton. 
m'  Oxenbridge 
m'  Swifte. 
m"'  Cauuinge. 


m''  Cranmer. 
m"^  Caswell, 
m"'  Palmer, 
m'  Swiuhow. 
m''  Berblock. 
m^  Geo:  Smith, 
m'  Chambers, 
m'  Couell. 
m''  Eli :  Roberta, 
m''  Sparrowe. 
m'  Meuerell. 
m'  Arrundell. 
m'  Mellinge. 


M'  Thfer  p?nted  a  r^\^^  Comittee  appoynted  by  the  last  Courte  to  repaire  to  y^  Clerk  of 
as"  n't'  i^entrea  fn  the  Couiisell  f or  to  see  wheither  their  offer  to  his  Ma"' :  were  rightly 
the  book  of  y' Acta  eutred  and  aecordinge  as  m'' Thfrer  and  the  Comittee  w""  him  had 
"1'^.!^' *^°™"*^''  signyfied  and  reported,  Presented  now  a  Coppie  poured  by  m''  Thfers 
The  entringe  of  itt  help  of  the  Record  as  itt  stands  entred  in  the  Booke  of  Acts  of  the 
into  r  Comp':  LL»  Comissners  of  the  Thf eiy ;  butt  the  entringe  of  the  Coppie  into 
fgj.j,g^  the  Court  booke  of  this  Compauj'  was  deferred  vnto  the  conclusion  of 

a  more  full  and  ample  Courte,  by  reason  that  some  of  the  Company 
present  were  of  opyuyon  that  not  onely  the  Pattent  ought  to  be  pre- 
served from  infryngement  w*"''  they  confessed  to  be  done,  butt  likewise 
ought  to  have  beene  strengthued,  w"*"  they  said  by  this  manner  of 
acceptance  on  the  Lords  pts  was  not  done. 

3  seu9aii  paire  of  ^  Deputy  iuf omicd  the  Courte  that  three  seuerall  paire  of  Indentures 

allowed  o7    ^""^  ^*^^'  Land  was  demaunded  of  the  Company,  one  by  Robert  Heath 

esquire  Recorder  of  this  Citty:  The  Second  by  William  Tracy  of 

Glocestersheire  esqr  for  Transportacon  of  500  Personns;   And  the 

'  Written  over  Accomp". 


JANUARY  m.  1G20  297 

Third  to  Lawrence  Bohvine  C  of  Phisicke  and  James  Swifte  esqr :  for 
the  Transportacon  of  300  Personns,  w''''  the  Courte  gi-aunted  and 
allowed  to  them,  to  be  pformed  accordinge  to  the  orders  of  the  Com- 
pany and  agreeable  to  former  Presidents  of  the  like  nature. 

M'  Deputj-  allso  signified  that  wheras  accordinge  to  a  former  order 
made  xv  die  Nouembris  i6i9  ther  is  mencon  of  some  explynar^on  to  be 
made  to  some  few  of  the  standinge  orders  and  an  addition  of  two  or 
three  more  to  be  anexed  vnto  them.     [07] 

M'  Thfer  required  y'  theComittee  appoynted  for  them,  might  for  that  "^^^  Comittee  for- 
purpose  meet  too  morrow  att  Two  of  the  Clock  att  his  howse  for  the  fori<-iJyi^on  ^ 
bette'  preparinge  of  them  for  the  Quarter  Courte  w''''  was  now  accord-  yUwes  desired  to 
ingly  ordered  appoyntinge  the  Officer  to  Summon  them  therevnto.       oi«^«t«. 

Next  hee  acquainted  the  Courte  that  the  Comittees  have  agreed  for  '^'^^  Comittees 
Two  Ships  (if  itt  stand  w""  the  likinge  of  this  Courte)  for  y"  transpor-  j^,  trausporte  c^t- 
tacon  of  Cattle  to  Virginia  for  the  Company,  and  those  others  w"*"  tie  to  Virginia:  ai- 
will  ioyne  w""  the  Company  in  the  Charges:  As  allso  that  m'  Treas-  °"^  "' 
urer  and  himselfe  will  Seale  the  Charter  ptys  if  they  order  their 
Seeuritie  w"*"  for  the  first  poynt  the  Court  well  allowed  of,  and  for 
the  Second  of  saveinge  them  harmeless  itt  was  generally  assented 
vnto  and  confirmed  by  erection  of  hands. 

The  Comittees  beinge  demaunded  what  they  had  done  touchinge  the  '^^^  Comittees  rc- 
Tobacco  comended  vnto  their  care.  Reported  that  accordinge  to  the  TobaceocouTemieJ 
order  in  the  laste  Courte  they  had  taken  out  one  third  for  m'  Leate  vnto  their  Care. 
butt  had  not  devyded  the  rest  in  :5:  pts  because  they  could  not  heere 
of  any  thatt  would  buy  itt  vpon  w"*"  some  excepcons  was  taken  about 
that  alredy  ordered  concerninge  M'  Leate,  that  if  the  rest  were  not 
sould  hee  paid  nothing  for  his,  therfore  itt  was  moved  that  some  of 
the  Adventurers  ||that  they||  would  take  out  their  DividentS  att  a  price, 
Whervppon  m'  William  Palmer  offered  to  take  outt  his  att  iij'  vj*^  the  ^i""  ^^■"'   Palmers 
pound  and  beinge  conceived  that  others  would  ioyne  in  the  like,  itt  hlgatta-'e^^  ^" 
was  againe  referred  to  y"  former  Comittee  to  study  how  to  make  the 
best  advantage  of  itt  they  can;  addinge  vnto  them  m"'  Keightley,  and 
m''  Palmer  and  to  plsent  theire  opynions  to  the  next  Courte. 


298 


RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 


notice  giuen  by  M' j^jr  Cauiiige  acquainted  the  Company  that  ther  were  dive''' sufficient 
fi^ieiu  men^v  \Wii  ^^^^  ^^^^  would  coutract  w*''  them  at  reasonable  pryces  for  all  the 
contract  w'"  y'  Tobacco  that  shalbe  returned  from  Virginia  for  a  Certaine  time  w"" 
Comp':  for  all  y'  j^^g  conceived  would  be  highly  to  the  advancement  of  the  Plantacon 
shalbe  returned  Whervppo  the  Courte  desyred  him  to  bring  the  proposieons  well  dis- 
from  Virginia  gested  and  the  names  of  the  vndertakers  vnto  the  next  Court  that 
there  itt  might  be  consydered  of.     [68] 


A  Preparatiue  Courte  held  for  Virginia  at 
S"  Edwin  Sandis  house  t'^  last  of  January 


1619 


Present 


m"^  Treasui'or. 
S'  lohn  Dauers. 
S^Tho:  Wroth. 
S'  Henry  Rainsford. 
m"'  lo:  Wroth. 
m"^  D"^  Anthony, 
m"^  D''  Gulstone. 
m"'  D'  Winstone. 
m'  Ri:  Tomlyn^. 


Ri:  hou":  Lord  Pagett. 

m"'  James  Swifte. 

m''  Rich :  Case  well. 

m^  Tho :  Gibbes. 

m"^  Paulson. 

m'  lohu  Ferrar  Dep'. 

m'  Spruson. 

Captain  Bargraue. 

m""  Meuerell. 

m"'  Robert  Smith. 

m''  Berblock. 

m'  Brumfeilde. 

m'  Leauor. 

m'  Caninge. 

m''  George  Smith. 

m'  Henr:  Briggs. 

m"'  Pe:  Arundell. 

m'  Nicho  Ferrar. 

m^  Eli :  Roberta 

m'  Cranmore. 

m'  Tho:  Mellinge. 

\\V  Steph :  Sparrow 

The  Comittee  han- M' Treasuror  signified  that  the  Comittee  appoynted  for  pursuinge  of 
ing  puEedy' stand- ^j^g  staudiuge  ordcrs  have  looked  therinto  correctinge  some  few  & 

inge    orders   were  '='  tiii  jj.i 

presented   and  explayuiug  others  w*^"  hee  pisented  now  and  red  and  explayued  them 

read-  to  the  Courte  most  of  them  beinge  confirmed  in  the  last  §  great  §  gen- 

erall  Courte,  and  now  againe  Comendinge  them  to  their  consideraeon, 

wherby  they  may  receave  vppou  Wednesday  next  a  fynall  ratefy- 

cacou. 


JANUARY  m,  IGW  299 

And  for  asmueh  as  accordinge  to  a  Law  in  the  standinge  orde"^  they 
are  all  to  be  read  to  the  Court  once  a  yeare,  vizd  in  the  Quarter  Courte 
in  Hillary  Tearme,  therfore  moved  for  the  fullfillinge  of  the  same  that 
the  Company  would  be  heere  w'^'out  faile  att  two  of  the  Clocke  and 
the  rather  Consideringe  so  much  buisines  as  is  then  to  be  dispatched 
ffower  seuerall  paire  of  Indentures  to  fower  seuerall  Personns  and 
their  Associates  for  graunt  of  Land  in  Virginia,  three  paire  menconed 
in  the  last  Courte,  and  one  x^aire  since  allowed  to  W  lohn  Peirce  and 
his  Associates  to  be  red  allowed  and  sealled  att  that  time. 

Touchinge  the  mocon  of  M'  Caninge  deferred  from  the  last  vnto  this  "'^^  ""con  of  m' 
Courte  itt  is  now  so  well  conceived  of  the  good  that  may  accrew  therby  court 'Veif  con- 
by  such  a  Composicon  (if  itt  be  truely  ment)  that  vppon  intelligence  reiued  of 
of  the  said  M"'  Caninge  that  they  desire  to  converse  wth  some  pticular 
men  of  the  Company  aboute  itt.  The  Court  have  now  made  choyse  of 
a  Comittee  to  know  their  resolucons,  that  is  to  say  S''  Nath:  Rich,  M'  ^    Comittee  ar- 
Deputy  M'  D'  Winstone,  Cap'  Bargraue,  M'  Keightley,  M'  Wrote,  and  ["hek'^luco^"'' 
m'  Cranmer,  and  have  agreed  to  meet  to  morrow  afternoone  att  :2: 
of  the  Clocke  in  this  place  M'  Caninge  haveinge  vndertaken  y'  ffower 
of  those  w''*'  ppoundeth  this  buisiness  shalbe  heere  att  that  time.    [60] 


Wheras  his  Ma''' :  hath  graunted  to  the  Lad}'^  Lawarr  a  yearly  Pencon  The  first  parceii  of 

Tobacco  Bould  if  it 
amount  to  250":  to 


to  be  paide  vnto  her  by  the  ffarmo"  of  the  Custome;  The  Company  Tobacco  bouW  if  it 


vppon  her  Ladyships  request  are  content,  (consideringe  the  Custome  be  p^  y'  La:  La- 

for  y®  Aduenturo"  Tobacco  is  not  yett  sattisfied)  that  the  first  pcell  w*  ^*'"'"- 

is  sould  if  itt  amount  to  250'' :  so  much  beinge  due  vnto  her  vppon  her 

Share  shall  be  paid  vnto  her  or  else  so  much  Tobacco  presently  (if 

her  Ladyship  please  to  accept  thereof)  att  such  price  as  the  rest  shalbe 

sould  or  taken  off  of  their  hands,  And  for  their  discharge  to  take  a 

receipt  from  the  ff armors  of  the  Custome. 

And  takinge  into  Consideracon  the  losse  the  Adventurers  have  sus-  Theioesof  yAd- 
teyned  by  the  Tobacco  remayninge  vppon  their  hands,  and  the  daunger  "^^d" b^  baneTn 
they  stand  in  of  a  great  deall  more,  if  the  Ships  should  com  from  their  Tobacco  ly 
Virginia  and  y*"  Somer  Hands  as  they  dayly  are  expected,  therfore  vppontheirhandc. 
itt  was  propounded  to  the  Adventurors  to  take  out  their  CapitollC  at  -^  ppos'con  for 
iiij'  a  pound  and  soe  each  make  the  best  of  itt  hee  cann,  butt  some  outthe^rCapitoiic 


300  RECORDS   OF  TEE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

thiiikinge  itt  was  too  much  and  that  rather  iij"  v,f  was  ennoiigh :  itt  was 
agreed  to  be  putt  to  y"  question  w"*"  done  most  voyces  allowed  of  iiij^ 
and  hee  that  would  be  willinge  at  this  price  to  take  out  more  then  his 
Cajntall  should  have  Six  and  Six  monneths  for  payment,  butt  eutringe 
into  dispute,  whether  such  as  tooke  outt  their  Capittalk  in  that  man- 
ner shall  Coparte  of  such  proffits  as  may  heer  after  accrew  vnto  the 
rest,  itt  could  not  now  be  agreed  vppo  butt  was  referred  to  be  de- 
bated further  att  the  Quarter  Courte  when  more  of  the  Adventurers 
shalbe  present. 

The  orders  from  Touchiuge  the  ordcrs  from  the  LL^ :  Comissioners  they  were  referred 
rionere  referred,    to  the  Consideracou  of  this  Quarter  Courte. 

M''  Thfer  and  m''  Deputy  haveinge  had  much  Conference  with  the 

Lord  Maior  and  Aldermen  about  the  100  Children  intended  to  be  sent 

found  them  att  the  first  well  adicted  and  affected  vnto  theire  demaundC. 

The  Coppy  of  y'  })^^^  siucc  some  pticular  psonns  lesser  respectinge  (as  should  seeme) 

Citties   demaundC  ,-,        ^-i  •  ii  -iij.  i  i- 

touchinge  y'  100:  ^^le  Compauics  good  have  occasioned  such  straimge  demaunds  as  is 
chiiiircntnbesent  not  fittiuge  for  them  to  aske,  nor  can  no  wayes  by  the  orders  of  this 
to  Virginia  recti-  (^QQ^pf^jiy  ]^q  grauiited,  and  therfore  have  determyned  to  rectifie  the 
Cop])y  of  their  demaunds  so  farr  as  may  stand  with  the  orders  of  the 
Com|iany  to  graunt  and  so  to  returne  itt  to  the  Courte  of  Alder- 
men to  morrow  att  tenn  of  the  clock  to  accep*  therof  or  noe  [70] 
to  w""  purpose  is  desyred  S'  Thomas  Wroth,  S'  Henry  Rainsforde 
M'  lohn  Wroth,  and  M^  Deputy.' 

2  Shares  allowed  Iff,  ^yas  Ordered  in  regard  sufficient  testimony  beinge  produced  that 
to  lohn  Archer.     ^^-^^  ArchcT  brother  of  Captaine  Gabriell  Archer  disceased  in  Vir- 
ginia is  the  next  heire  vnto  him,  that  the  said  lohn  Archer  shall  have 
two  Shares,  said  to  belonge  to  the  said  Captaine :  vizd  one  share  for 
xij" — x"  adventured,  and  the  other  for  the  Adventure  of  his  psonn. 

Stephen  Sparrow:  ]y['-  Stephen  Sparrow  assigned  to  lohn  Hope  Marriner  one  share  of 
Hope"*'   "   "^  "  ^i.i" — x'-OO  allowed  by  the  Audito"  and  confirmed  by  this  Courte. 

•  An  order  of  the  Privy  Council,  of  this  date,  authorizing  the  sending  of  100  children  to  Virginia  ia 
given  in  List  of  Records,  No.  161,  page  139,  ante. 


FEBRUARYS,  16W 


301 


Att  a  create  and  Generall  Quarter  Courte 

HOLDEN   FOR   VIRGINIA    AT    S"    EdWIN    SaNDYS 

house   neer  Aldersgate  the  second  of  February 

1619 


WERE  Present 

The  Right  Honorable:  William  Earle  of  Pembrooke. 

Henry  Earle  of  Southampton. 
Robert  Earle  of  Warwicke. 
lames  Vicont  Doncaster. 
The  Lord  Cauendish. 
The  Lord  Pagett. 


S"^  Edwin  Sandys  Knight 

S^Tho:  Roe. 

S^  Dudley  DiggC 

S'Tho:  Gates. 

S''  lohn  Dauers. 

S'  Henry  Rainsforde. 

S^Nath:  Rich. 

S''  lo:  Wolstenholme. 

S''  Henry  lones. 

S^Tho:  Wrorth. 

D'  Anthony. 

D''  Gulstone. 

D'  Winstone. 

D^  Bohune. 


Thfer. 
m'  lohn  Wroth, 
m'  Ferrar  Dep'^. 
m^  Tho  Gibb^. 
m''  Samu:  Wrote. 
Cap'  Bargraue. 
m''  Rogers, 
m''  Bromfeilde. 
m""  Keightley. 
m"'  la  Swifte. 
m"^  Bamforde. 
m'  Wheatley. 
m"'  Berblock. 
m''  Briggs. 
m"^  Cranmer. 


m"'  Edwards, 
m^  Bull, 
m'  Couell. 
m'  Woodall. 
m'  Darnelly. 
m"'  Casewell. 
m'  Swinhow. 
m'  Moorer. 
m'  Roberta, 
m"^  Sparrow. 
m^Mellinge.[7l] 


Accordinge  to  a  standinge  Order  the  Lawes  of  the  Company  being  "^^^  i^^^  red. 
120 :  in  nomber  and  devided  into  eighteene  Chapters  or  Tytles  were 
now  red  vnto  this  greate  Assembly,  w"""  ended  mr  Thfer  related  that  ""'Thfer signified: 
the  Kinge  out  of  his  greate  care  and  wisedome  had  graunted  to  the  denied  to >' 4:  Qua: 
Company  by  his  most  gracious  Lres  Pattents,  ffower  great  and  generall  Courtc   by  jia-: 

tres  Fattent?. 


302  RECORDS   OF  THE  YIRQINIA  COMPANY 

Courts  in  the  yeare  comonly  called  Quarter  Courtes  to  be  held  in  the 
4  Tearms,  vnto  w'^''  was  reserved  4:  speciall  things. 

1 :  The  makinge  of  Lawes  and  Orders.     2 :  Choyse  of  Officers  3  Graunts 
of  Land.     4:  Matter  of  Trade. 

^  ffor  the  first  hee  peeeded  as  formerly  hee  had  done,  that  nothing  was 

Addicons  to  y'  so  pfect  wherin  time  diseouereth  not  some  impfeceous,  so  in  y*"  Lawes 
^^'^^^-  some  thinge  beinge  found  defective  comended  to  their  Consideracon 

some  small  Addicon  and  Correccon  of  them  formerly  allowed  in  the 
laste  Quarter  Courte  thenee  referred  to  a  Comittee  by  them  presented 
to  the  Councell,  and  lastlj^  read  in  the  precedinge  Preparative  Courte : 
explayninge  what  was  pf ormed  vnto  seuerall  Tytles : 
To  the  Tytle  of  Courts :  3:  Laws  is  added;  To  the  Tytle  of  Treas- 
uror— 2:  To  the  Tytle  of  Deputy.  1:  To  the  Tytle  of  Counsell— 1; 
To  the  Tytle  of  Graunts  of  Land — 2 :  in  the  Tytle  of  Generallytie  an 
amendm'  or  Addicon  of  2  wordes,  in  the  Sixt  order  afterward  (Court) 
is  added  (or  Councell)  and  so  in  the  13'*"  order  of  Tytle  of  Treasuror 
after  the  word  (quorum)  is  added  (vnderneath  or)  W"  Correccons 
The  Confirmacon  ^  Addicous  bcingc  approved  off  M'  Thf  rer  propounded  y"  confirmacon 
ed  irf ™(fui^bng  '^•^  them  in  two  questions ;  the  one  whether  they  would  allow  of  y^ 
addicon  of  these  two  words  in  the  said  Tytles  of  Treasuror,  and  Gen- 
erallyty  to  be  incerted  there  in  the  face  of  the  Courte ;  And  whether 
they  would  consent  that  the  resydue  should  be  entred  by  the  Secre- 
tary amongst  the  rest  (accordinge  to  their  referrences)  in  the  booke 
of  Lawes  and  standinge  Orders  both  w"""  by  a  Generall  ereccon  of 
hands  was  ratefyed. 

2=  To  the  second  poynt  of  Choosinge  Officers  he  acquainted  y  accordinge 

Choosing  Officer..  ^^  ^^^  ^^^^  ^^^^  Pattcuts  itt  was  no  Courte  vnless  five  of  y^  Counsell 

Xo  Courte  Vnless  ^ygj.^  present   by  defect  of   w"*"  nomber  of   the  Councell  wore  they 

be  prnt:  are  oftcu  timcs  att  their  Courts  in  tymes  of  Vacation  inforced  to  stay 

very  longe  before  that  nomber  of  the  Councell  be  assembled  by  reason 

such  as  frequents  the  Court  are  either  in  y"  Countrie  or  imployed  in 

other  buisines,  that  they  cannott  attend,  therfore  vppon  Mocon  from 

2  nominated  to  be  ^^^^  Councell,  hee  nominated  2 :    vnto  y'  Courte  M'  Robert  Heath 

01  the  Counsell.  j 

Recorder  of  this  Citty  who  hath  been  and  is  a  great  Adventurer  and 


FEBR  UAR  Y  2.  1620  303 

» 

favourer  of  the  Accon :  And  Thomas  Gibbs  Esquire  a  gentleman  of 
good  sufi&ciencie,  and  great  zeale  [72]  to  the  Accon,  who  for  dive" 
years  hath  given  diligent  Attendance  at  all  Courts  and  is  imployed  a 
Comittee  allmoste  in  all  buisinesses,  y^"^  Two  being  putt  to  the  ques- 
tion were  admitted  to  be  Councello"  of  Virginia  by  free  Consent. 

The  Third  of  GrauntC  of  Land  hee  acquainted  them  of  fower  seu^all  sGranteof  Land: 

paire  of  Indentures  lyinge  all  ingrossed  before  them  graunted  one  to 

M""  Robert  Heath  Recorder  of  London  and  his  Associates,  the  s'cond  ■*  Pairs  of  inden- 

to  Doctor  Bohune,  lames  Swifte  and  their  Associates  for  Transport- 

inge  of  300  Personns :  The  Third  to  William  Tracy  esquu-e  and  his 

Associates  for  Transportacon  of  500  Persons,  and  the  ffowei^th  to  lohu 

Peeirce  and  his  Associates  their  heirs  and  Assignes  w'^''  beinge  all 

fowre  now  red  and  examined  and  fyndinge   them   agi'ee  wth   the 

draughts  pvsed  and  allowed  by  the  Audito"  were  all  of  them  allowed 

and  Sealed  in  veiwe  of  the  Courte  w'*"  a  Totall  Approbacou 

Itt  was  ordered  allso  by  generall  Consent  that  such  Captaines  or  ^^p^"**"""^*'" 

.  erg    of    Perticuler 

lead'^  of  Perticulerr  Plantacons  that  shall  goe  there  to  inhabite  by  piantacon?  to 
vertue  of  their  Graunts  and  Plant  themselvs  their  TenntC  and  Serv  -  make  orders  c. 
nntC  in  Virginia,  shall  have  liberty  till  a  forme  of  Gouerment  be 
here  settled  for  them,  Associatinge  vnto  them  divers  of  the  gravest 
&  discreetes  of  their  Companies,  to  make  Orders,  Ordinances  and 
Constitucons  for  the  better  orderiuge  and  dyrectinge  of  their  Servants 
and  buisines  Prouided  they  be  not  Repughnt  to  the  Lawes  of  England. 

Touchinge  the  fowerth  poynt  matter  of  Trade,  M''  Treasuror  acquainted  Matter  of  Trade 
the  Courte,  that  the  Magazine  had  now  voluntary  lie  dissolved  be¥  The  Magazine  he- 
§  itt  §  selfe,  w*''  provision  graunted  for  their  goods  remayning  in  I"fn1  xTaari'^free 
Virginia  so  that  now  matter  of  Trade  was  free  and  open  for  all  men  for  aii  men. 
w"'  that  provision. 

Itt  was  now  allso  agreed  touchinge  the  Order  of  y''  Lords  Comis-  The^Comp"  to  be 
sioners  that  the  Company  should  be  humble  suto"  vnto  their  LL'"' :  for  some"  amend- 
for  some  small  amendment  in  the  forme  therof ,  M'  Thf er  signifyiuge  '»'^"' '°  >*  Order, 
that  the  Counsell  of  Virginia  sittinge  w"'in  before  the  Coiu'te  there 
beinge  present  all  the  Noble  Lords  before  sett  downe  resolved  that 

16455— VOL  1—06—20 


304  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

nothinge  in  y'  t;hey  could  not  jeild  to  any  thinge  that  might  infringe  theire  [73] 

fringed.  °    ^  '"  Pattent  w*^*"  resolucon  was  w'*"  generall  demonstracou  of  ioy  embraced 

by  the  Courte,  and  therfore  desyred  to  choose  a  Comittee  for  that 

purpose  to  w^h  end  was  nominated  the  Eight  Hono'®:  the  Earle  of 

AComittee  toseti  "VVavwicke,   The  Lord  Caueudish,   The  Lord  Pagett,  M''  Treasi;rer, 

me^nfngr  in3"-  ^^  Dudlcy  Diggs,  S^  lohn  Daucrs,  S^  Henry  Kainsford  S^  Nathaniell 

inge.  Eich:  S'  Lawrence  Hide,  Mr  X°:  Brooke,  M'  Nicho  Hide,  M'  Deputy, 

Dr Winstone,  M''  Gibbs,  M''  Keightley,  and  M'  Cranmer  who  are  desyred 

to  sett  downe  the  Companies  meaning  in  writing  and  present  itt  to 

the  LL^:  when  M''  Thrfer  shall  thinke  itt  Convenyent  to  Sumon  them. 

Thedenninaconof  ToucMnge  the  Dcterminacou  of  the  Tobacco  referred  vuto  this  Courte 

}••  Tobacco referrd.  }-)piQi;igiQgg  ^q  i\^q  Adveuturcrs  of  the  Magazine  vppon  the  Mocon  of 

S'  lohn  Wolstenholme  itt  is  deferred  till  to  morrow  afternoone,  Att 

w''''  time  the  Adventurers  onely  are  desyred  to  meete  att  m"'  Ferrars 

house  to  consider  of  the  best  course  and  conclude  therof  accordinglie. 

The  Coppie  of  y=  The  Dcmauuds  of  theCitty  read  the  last  Courte  concerninge  the  hun- 
Cithes  Demaunds  ^j,g^|^  Children  bcinge  much  distasted  of  this  Company  beinge  such 
Children  Correct-  as  wcre  repuguut  to  the  staudiugc  Orders  w''"  w""  Could  no  way 
e*!-  be  dispensed  w*'',^  therfore  the  Comittees  have  rectefyed  and  Cor- 

rected the  Coppy  so  farr  forth  as  may  stand  wth  the  Orders  to  admitt, 
'^T^'^r'^^J  *°and  have  written  a  Ire  to  the  Lord  Maior  from  the  Cheife  of  the 

y' Lord  Maior  from 

y"  cheife  of  y'  Couuccll  agrceiuge  to  send  the  tre  and  returne  the  altered  Coppie  to 

Counseii.  moTTOW  mominge  to  the  Courte  of  Aldermen,  requestinge  S"'  Thomas 

Wroth,  and  m'  Oibbes  to  deliuer  them,  and  require  their  speedy  reso- 

luccons  because  the  spedy  depture  of  the  Ships  will  suffer  no  delays 

this  followinge  beinge  the  true  Coppie. 

Tlie  Letter.  Wheras  the  number  of  One  hundreth  Children  whose  names  are  hearafter 

menconed  were  the  last  Springe  sent  and  transported  to  the  Virginia  Company 
from  the  Cittie  of  London  vnto  Virginia  And  towards  the  charge  asd  for 
the  transportacon  and  apparrellinge  of  the  same  One  hundreth  Children  a 
Colleccon  of  the  some  of  ffive  hundreth  pounds  was  made  of  divers  well  & 
godly  disposed  psons  [74]  Charitably  myndcd  towards  the  Plantacon  in  Vir- 
ginia dwellinge  w"'in  the  Citty  of  London  and  Subvrbs  theirof,  and  thervppou 
the  same  ffive  hundreth  pounds  was  paid  vnto  the  saide  ComiDany  for  the  pur- 

•The  word  "w""'  written  over  "of." 


FEBR  UAR  Y  g,  1620  305 

pose  aforesaid,  And  thorvppon  for  the  good  of  the  same  Children  and  in 
Consideracon  of  the  premises,  Itt  is  full}'  concluded  ordered  &  decreed  hv  :uid 
Att  a  generall  Quarter  Courte  this  day  houlden  by  y"  Treasure"'  Councell  and 
Company  of  Virginia  that  every  of  the  same  Children  w""  are  now  liveing  att 
the  charges  and  by  the  provision  of  y"  said  Virginia  Company,  shalbe  educated 
and  brought  vpp  in  some  good  Trade  and  profession  wherby  they  ma\'  be 
enabled  to  gett  their  livoingo  and  maynteyne  themselvs  when  they  shall  attaine 
their  seuerall  ages  of  flower  and  twenty  years  or  lie  outt  of  their  Apprenti- 
ships,  which  shall  endure  att  the  least  seaven  years  if  they  soe  longe  live. 

And  further  that  every  of  the  same  Children  (that  is  to  say  the  Bovs  att  their 
Ages  of  one  and  twenty  years  or  vpwards  and  the  maydes  or  girles  att  their 
Age  of  one  and  twenty  years  or  day  of  marriage  w""  shall  tirst  happen, 
shall  have  freely  given  and  allotted  vnto  them  ffiftie  Acres  of  Land  a 
peec  in  Virginia  aforesaid  w'^in  the  Iymi[ts]  of  the  English  Plantacon  the 
said  Acres  to  be  apoynted  according  to  the  Statute  De  terris  mcsurandis, 
in  England  and  that  in  convenyent  place  or  places  to  hold  in  flee  simple  by 
Socage  tenure  to  every  of  them  and  their  heirs  for  ever  freely  att  the  Rent  of 
xij'^  by  y*  yeare  in  full  of  ail  rents  or  other  payment  or  service  due  vnto  the 
Lord  therfore  to  be  rendred  or  donne. 

If  the  Lord  Maior,  Aldermen,  and  Common  Councell  shall  not  be  sattisfied 
w""  the  Companies  reasons  (who  desyre  that  some  of  themselvs  may  be  ad- 
mitted to  alledge  them)  that  itt  is  bette''  for  the  flormer  Children  to  have  the 
same  Condicons  w'"  these  latte''  the  Company  wilbe  content  to  lett  itt  pass  for 
this  time  yett  w"*  this  protcstacon;  That  as  itt  is  not  bencficiall  to  the  Chil- 
dren, so  itt  is  the  cxtreame  wrong  &  preiudice  of  the  wholl  Plantacon. 

And  wheras  allso  itt  is  intended  and  fully  resolved  that  this  next  Springe  the 
nomber  of  one  hundreth  Children  more  whose  names  are  likewise  herafter 
menconed,  shalbe  sent  and  Transported  by  y"  said  Virginia  Company  out  of 
the  Cittie  of  London  vnto  Virginia  aforesaid  and  that  towards  the  Charge  of 
transportinge  and  apparrelling  y"  same  Children  the  like  CoUeccon  of  fl'ive 
hundreth  pounds  of  men  godly  and  Charitably  disposed  towards  the  said 
Plantacon  w''"  doe  reside  w"'in  the  said  Cittj-  and  Subvrbs  therof  is  to  be 
made,  and  vppon  the  CoUectinge  therof  the  same  shalbe  paid  to  the  said  Vir- 
ginia Comp":  for  the  purpose  aforesaid;  Now  therfor  for  the  good  of  the 
same  Children,  and  in  Consideracon  of  the  {5!mises,  Itt  is  fully  concluded 
Ordered,  and  decreed  att  a  great  and  generall  Quarter  Courte  this  day 
holden  by  the  Treasurer,  Counsel],  and  Company  of  Virginia  that  the 
said  hundred  Children  last  menconed  shalbe  sent  att  the  [75]  Virginia 
Companies  charge  and  duringe  their  Voyadge  shall  have  their  provision 
of  victuall  sweet  and  good  and  well  apparrclled  and  all  othoi-  things  neces- 


306  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

saiy  for  the  Voyage:  And  that  ev&vy  of  the  same  Children  shalbe  there 
placed  Apprentizes  w'"  honest  and  good  Maisters  that  is  to  say  the  boyes  for 
the  tearme  of  seaven  years  or  more;  ftfi4  so  as  their  Apprentishipps  may  expire 
att  their  seuerall  Ages  of  one  and  tweut\'  j^ears  or  vpwards;  And  the  mayds  or 
Girles  for  the  tearme  of  seaven  years  or  vutill  they  shall  attaj'ne  their  Ages  of 
one  and  twenty  years  or  be  marrj-ed  to  be  by  the  same  Maisters  during  that 
time  educated  and  brought  vpp  in  some  good  Craftes,  Trades,  or  Husbandry 
wher-by  they  may  be  enabled  to  gett  their  liveinge  &  mayntennace  for  them 
selvs  when  they  shall  attaine  their  seuerall  ages  or  be  outt  of  their  Appren- 
tiships  ||and  during  their  Apprentiships||  shall  have  all  things  pvided  for  them 
as  shalbe  fitt  and  requisite  as  meate,  drinke,  Apparrell,  and  other  necessaries. 
And  further  that  att  the  expiraCon  of  their  seuerall  Apprentishipps  everj^  of 
y°  said  Children  shall  have  freely  given  vnto  them  and  provided  for  them  at 
the  said  Companies  charge,  provision  of  Corne  for  VictualK  for  on  wholl  yeare 
And  shall  allso  have  a  house  redy  builded  to  dwell  in.  and  be  placed  as  a 
Tennant  in  some  convenyent  place  vppon  so  much  land  as  they  can  mannage; 
And  shall  have  one  Cowe  and  as  much  Corne  as  hee  or  shee  will  plant,  and 
forty  shillings  in  monny  to  Apparrell  them,  or  Apparrell  to  that  value:  And 
shall  allso  have  Convenyent  weapons  Municon  and  Armo"'  for  defence,  and 
necessary  implem"  &  vtensilK  for  houshold,  and  sufficient  workinge  Tooles 
and  Instruments  for  their  Trades,  labor  and  husbandry  in  such  sort  as  other 
TenfitS  are  pvided  for. 

Moreover  that  every  of  the  same  Children  last  menConed  w""  shall  have  thus 
served  their  Apprentiships  and  be  placed  and  provided  for  as  aforesaid  shalbe 
Tyed  to  be  Tennts  or  ffarmers  in  manner  &  forme  afore  said  for  the  space  of 
Seaven  years  after  their  Apprentiships  ended,  and  duringe  that  time  of  their 
labour  and  paines  therein  they  shall  have  halfe  of  all  the  encrease  protitt  and 
benefitt  y'  shall  arise  grow  and  encrease  by  the  mannageinge  therof  aswell  y° 
fruites  of  the  earth  the  increase  of  the  Cattle  as  otherwise.  And  the  other 
moytie  therof  to  goe  and  remayne  to  the  Owners  of  the  Land,  in  liew  and  sat- 
tisfaccon  of  a  Rent  to  be  payd  for  the  same  Lande  so  by  them  to  be  occupied. 
And  that  att  the  expiracon  of  the  same  last  Seaven  j-ears  every  of  the  same 
Children  to  be  att  liberty  either  to  Continue  TenfitS  or  ffarmo"  to  the  Com- 
pany vpp5  the  same  Lands  if  they  will  att  the  same  rates  and  in  the  manner 
aforesaid  or  else  provide  for  them  selvs  elsewhere. 

And  lastly  that  either  of  the  same  Children  att  the  end  of  the  last  seaven  years  shall 
have  moreouer  five  and  twenty  Acres  of  Land  to  be  given  and  allotted  to  them  in 
some  Convenyent  place  or  places  w'^in  the  English  Plantacons  in  Virginia  afore- 
said, to  hould  in  fee  Socage  simple  by  Soccage  tenure  to  every  of  them  and  their 
[76]  heirs,  for  ever  freely  for  the  Rent  of  Six  pence  for  every  five  &  twenty 


FEBR  UAR  Y  2,  IGW  307 

Acres  by  way  of  quitt  Kent  in  leiwe  of  all  .services  in  regard  of  the  tenure; 
All  w"''  pmises  wee  the  said  Treasuror,  Counsell,  and  Company  doe  order  and 
decree  and  faithfully  promise  shalbe  iustlyand  truly  pformed  towards  the  said 
Children  accordinge  to  the  true  intent  &  meaning  therof. 

A  tre  from  an  vnknowne  person  was  read  dyreeted  to  m'  Treasuro''  AtrefromanVn- 
pmisinge  five  hundred  pounds  for  the  educatinge  and  bringinge  vpp  ig'ing"^''"  ^"^""^ 
Infidelk  Children  in  Christianytie  w""  M'  Treasuror  not  willinge  to 
meddle  therwith  alone  desyred  the  Court  to  apoynt  a  select  Comittee 
for  the  mannadginge  and  imi)loyinge  of  itt  to  the  best  to  w*^^""  purpose 
they  have  made  choyse  of  the 

Lord  Pagett.  m' Tho:  Gibbes. 


"r^ 


S'  Tho  Wroth.  D^  Winstone. 

m''  lo:  Wroth.  m'  Bamforde  & 

m''  Deputie.  m''  Keightley. 

The  Coppy  of  v^''''  Letter  ensueth. 

S'  yo''  Charitable  endeavo"  for  Virginia  hath  made  yo"  a  ffather  wee  a  favourer  The  Letter 
of  those  good  work^  w"''  although  heretofore  hath  com  neer  to  their  birth  yett 
for  want  of  strength  could  never  be  delivered,  (envy  &.  division  dashinge  these 
3'onnglings  even  in  the  wombe)  vntill  yo"'  helpfull  hand  w""  other  honorable 
psonages  gave  them  both  birth  and  beinge,  for  the  better  cherishinge  of  w*"" 
good  and  pious  worke  seeinge  many  castinge  guiftC  into  the  Treasury-,  I  ame 
encourraged  to  tender  my  poore  mite  and  although  I  cannott  w""  the  Princes 
of  Issaker  bringe  gould  and  silver  Coveringej'ett  offer  here  what  I  cann,  some 
Goat<  hayre  necessary  stutie  for  the  Lords  Tabernacle,  protestinge  heer  in  my 
sinceritie  w'^out  papisticall  merritt  or  pharasaicall  applause  wishing  from  my 
part  as  much  vnitie  in  yo''  honorable  vndertakinge  as  theris  sinceritie  in  my 
designes,  to  the  furtherance  of  w"''  good  worke,  the  Convertiuge  of  Intidles 
to  the  faj' th  of  Christe  I  pmised  by  vay  good  frends  500"  for  the  mayntenauce 
of  a  Convenyent  nomber  of  younge  Indians  taken  att  the  age  of  Seaven  years 
or  younger  &  instructed  in  tho  readinge  and  vnderstaudinge  the  principalis  of 
Xian  Religion  vnto  the  Age  of  12  3'ears  and  then  as  occasion  serveth  to  be 
trayned  and  brought  \pp  in  sonic  lawfull  Trade  w""  all  humanitie  and  gentle- 
ness vntill  the  Age  of  one  and  Twenty  years,  and  then  to  euiove  like  liberties 
and  pryveledges  w'"  our  native  English  in  that  place  and  for  the  better  pform- 
ance  therof  yo"  shall  receave  50"  more  to  be  delivered  into  the  hands  to  two 
religious  ysons  w"'  securitie  of  payment  who  shall  once  every  Quarter  examine 


308  RECORDS   OF  THE  YIRGTXTA   COJfPAXT 

and  certifie  to  the  Treasuror  herein  England  the  due  execucon  of  these  prem- 
ises together  w""  the  names  of  these  Children  thus  taken,  their  ffoster  tiathers 
and  ouerseers  [77]  not  doubtinge  butt  3-0"  are  all  assured  that  guiftes  devoted 
to  (rods  service  cauuott  be  diverted  to  pryvate  and  singulor  §secularg  advan- 
tages without  sacriledge,  if  yo''  graver  iudgments  can  devise  a  more  charitable 
course  for  such  younge  Children,  I  beseech  ^-o"  informe  my  frend  w**"  yo' 
securitie  for  true  pforniance  and  my  benevolence  shalbe  allwalos  redy  to  be 
delivered  accordingly,  the  greatest  Courtesie  I  expect  or  crave  is  to  conceale 
my  frends  name  least  importunytie  vrge  him  to  betray  that  trust  of  secresie 
yi'"''  hee  hath  faythfully  promised,  hee  that  moved  my  harte  to  this  good  worke, 
dj'rect  xo'  Charitable  endeavours  herein,  whylest  I  rest  as  1  ame 

Dust  and  Ashes 
Directed    To  S''  Edwin  Sandys  y"  faithfull  Treasuror  for  Virginia. 

D'  Bohunee    re-  J)'.  Bohunes  reqiiests  beinge  read  the  Coi;rte  have  intrusted  the  Audi- 
ques       passe.     ^^„  ^^  rectefje  w*""  is  agreed  shall  passe  (beinge  putt  to  the  question) 
by  ereecou  of  hands. 

The  Peticou  of  Cap'  Powell  and  m''  lohn  Smith  beinge  presented  by 

their  brother  Prouest  Marshall  of  Middlesex  to  have  graunt  of  the 

Company  400  Acres  of  Land  for  fiftie  pounds  Adventure  betwixt  them 

vizd,  One  huudreth  lyinge  in  one  pcell  between  the  Sunken  Marsh 

one  the  other  side  the  River  against  lames  Citty  Land,  and  Choapooks 

Creek,  and  one  pcell  of  Marsh  Land  conteyniuge  300  Acres  called 

TowritetoyGou-  Hogg  Hand,  The  Court  held  itt  incouveuyent  to  graunt  Land  in  that 

400  Acres  Tf  La°nd  ki^d©,  pickt  out  by  the  Plautc"  themselvs  not  knowinge  who  all- 

for  Cap'  Powell  &  redie  may  lay  clayme  thervnto  or  otherwise  how  necessary  itt  may  be 

m'  lo;  Smith        ^^^,  ^j^g  publique ;  Butt  m"^  Treasuror  in  regard  of  the  good  affeccon 

declared  by  their  brother  to  the  Companies  service  hath  promised  to 

write  to  the  Gouernor  that  the  said  400  Acres  shalbe  well  sett  out  for 

them  and  to  then-  Content  w'*"  reason. 

Frauncis  Carter?  X  peticou  was  exhibited,  by  ffrauncis  Carter  the  Companies  Officer 
y'^Audito"^  ^'^  "  desyriugc  that  forasmuch  as  hee  hath  worne  himselfe  outt  in  the 
Companies  service  beinge  nowe  gi'owne  lame,  that  now  in  his  olde  age 
they  would  please  to  take  his  Case  and  necessitie  into  favourable  con- 
sideracon  etc,  w"**  by  reason  itt  grew  late  was  referred  vnto  the  Audi- 
to"  to  pisent  to  the  Courte  their  opinions  touchinge  the  best  means 
to  rewarde  him. 


FEBR  UAR  Y 16,  1619  309 

Peter  Arundles  Peticon  to  have  his  Shares  explayned  to  be  double  ^^-  Artmdies^  Pe- 
Shares  refered  to  the  Audito 
reporte  itt  to  the  Courte.     [78] 


to  vew  his  buisines  how  itt  standC  and  Auditor''" 


Captaine  Bargraues  request  to  have  a  Comission  for  y*"  determyninge  c^p'  Bargrauee  re- 
of  some  Controversies  betweene  him  and  Cap' Martine  resydent  in  ^^"j'^^j^^^."'^  ^^* 
Virginia  was  allso  referred  vnto  the  Audito". 

The  Charter  party  betweene  the  Owners  of  the  London  Marchant  and  The  charter  partie 
m"'  Treasuror  and  Deputy  was  now  Sealled  and  delivei'ed.  XantseaHed   ^^ 


FEBRUARY  Y«  XV J""  1619. 


Peesent 


S''  Edwin  Sandys 

Kn' 

Treasuror. 

S^  Thomas  Roe. 

m"'  ReignoldC. 

m'  Caswell. 

S'  lohn  Dauers. 

m'  Keightley. 

m''  Cranmer. 

S'  Henry  Rainsford. 

m'  Sam:  Wrote. 

nf  Bull. 

8^  Tho  Gates. 

m'  Aug:  Steward. 

m""  Eyres. 

S^Tho:  Wroth. 

m'  Bamforde. 

m'  Couell. 

S'  Harry  lones. 

m"^  Hen:  Briggs. 

m^Geo:  Smith. 

m'  lohn  Wroth. 

m"'  Swinhowe. 

m'  Ely :  Roberta 

m."  Deputy. 

m''  Caninge. 

m''  Mellinge. 

m'  TomlyuC. 

m"'  Wiseman. 

W"  others. 

Cap'  Bargraue. 

«■"■  Boarblook. 

Vppon  the  desire  of  Cap'  Brewster  his  buisines  was  once  moredeferrd  Cap-  Brewster^ 
to  the  next  Preparative  Courte  w-^"  is  agreed  then  to  be  heard  betwixt  ^'^°^^'  ^^''"^• 
him  and  Cap'  Argoll,  and  to  that  end  have  given  order  that  the  said 
Cap'  Argoll  be  acquainted  therwith  and  required  then  to  attend. 

Five  Shares  formerly  given  by  S'  Thomas  Roe  kn'  to  Peter  Arundell  '^  ^^^^s  assigned 
w"*"  were  Confirmed  vnto  him  in  a  Courte  held  the  first  of  October  lo's' xho;^^"^'" 
i6i7     The  said  Peter  Arundell  in  Consideracon  of  a  Certaine  some  of 


310  RECOEDS   OF  THE  YIRGimA   COMPAXT 

monney  paid  vnto  hixa  by  the  said  S'  Tho :  Roe  hath  ressigned  the 
said  ffive  Shares  vnto  the  said  W  Thomas  Roe,  w'^''  the  Audito"  have- 
inge  allowed  were  by  this  Courte  Confirmed. 

M'  Thfr  acquaint-  ]\j>-  Treasiu'or  acquainted  the  Courte  that  hee  had  reeeaved  Lette^from 
Ires  r^eceiued^fro  Virginia  uuportinge  the  wellfare  of  the  Plantacon  although  they  have 
Virginia  been  much  distempord  by  reason  of  an  intemporate  heate  not  onely 

hapniuge  vnto  them  but  chiefly  amongst  the  Indians  reqiiestinge  that 
the  Company  would  send  them  some  Phisitians  and  Appothycaries  of 
w"*"  they  stand  much  need  off :  relatinge  allso  to  y"  great  Comf orte  of 
the  Comp" :  and  incouragm'  of  those  w'^''  shall  send  the  plenty  of  Corne 
that  Grod  this  yeare  hath  blest  them  with  the  like  never  happened 
since  the  English  was  there  planted  haveing  had  two  harvests,  the 
first  beinge  shaken  with  the  winde  pduced  a  second,  and  the  ground 
beinge  so  extraordinary  ffatt  &  good  y'  sowinge  Indian  Corne  vppon 
that  stuble  they  had  likewise  a  great  Cropp  therof.^     [79] 

Cap'  Spiiiman  gignifyinge  allso  that  one  Cap'  Spillman  who  thought  to  deprave  y* 
y"  CoUony.  Gou^nor  of  his  Authoritie  by  his  instigacou  to  Opochankino,  of  a  great 

man  y'  should  com  and  putt  him  out  of  his  place.  The  said  Gouernor 
and  Councell  of  State  have  pceeded  in  due  tryall  of  him  butt  beinge 
mercifull  in  sparinge  his  life  have  degraded  him  from  his  Cap' :  Ship 
and  made  him  a  servnnt  to  the  CoUony  for  Seaven  years  in  quallytie 
of  an  luterpriter. 

Other  matter  theris  to  acquainte  them  w""  w"*"  when  hee  hath  I'ead 
the  rest  of  the  letters  hee  will  the  next  Courte  reporte  vnto  them. 

The  Citty  yeiided  The  Letter  the  last  Quarter  Courte  signed  by  the  Lords  directed  to  the 
to  r  t,re.  Lord  Maior  of  London  tooke  such  effect  as  m'  Thfer  sayeth  the  Cittie 

yeiided  to  itt : 

T  ^^nn"'  ^^'^'^^^  Wheras  the  last  Court  a  speciall  Comittee  was  appoynted  for  y"  mau- 

educatinge  y«  lu-  uagiuge  of  the  500"  given  by  an  vnknowne  pson  for  educatinge  the 

fidiea  Children.     Infidles  Children  M'  Thfe':  signified  that  they  have  mett,  and  taken 

into  consideracon  the  proposicon  of  S'  lohn  Wolstenholme,  that  lohn 

'  A  series  of  letters,  written  between  January  13  and  21,  and  received  about  this  time,  are  mentioned 
in  List  of  Records,  Nos.  156-159,  page  138,  ante. 


FEBR  UARY  16,  1619  311 

Peirce  and  his  Associates  might  have  the  trayninge  and  bringinge  vpp 
of  some  of  those  Children  butt  the  said  Comittee  for  divers  reasons 
thinks  itt  inconveuyent,  first  because  they  intend  not  to  goe  this  2  or 
:3:  monneths  and  then  after  there  arryvall'  wilbe  longe  in  settlinge 
themselves,  as  allso  that  the  Indians  are  not  acquainted  w""  them,  and 
so  they  may  stay  4  or  5  years  before  they  have  account  that  any  good 
is  donne. 

And  for  to  putt  itt  into  the  hands  of  pryvate  men  to  bringe  them  vpp 
att  x"  a  Childe  as  was  by  some  proposed  they  hovdd  itt  not  soe  fitt  by 
reason  of  the  causualty  vnto  w"''  itt  is  subiect. 

Butt  forasmuch  as  divers  hundreds  and  pticularr  Plantacons  are  all- 
redie  there  settled  and  the  Indians  well  acquainted  w""  them,  as 
namely.  Smithy  Hundred,  Martini  Hundred,  BartlettC  Hundred  &  the 
like  that  therfore  they  receave  and  take  charge  of  them  by  w*^*"  com-se 
they  shalbe  sure  to  be  well  nurtured  and  have  their  due  so  long  as  these 
Plantacons  shall  hould,  and  for  such  of  the  Children  as  they  find 
Capable  of  Learninge  shall  be  putt  in  the  Colledge  and  brought  vpp 
to  be  schollers,  and  such  as  are  not  shall  be  putt  to  trades,  and  be 
brought  vp  in  the  feare  of  Grod  &  Christian  religion,  And  beinge 
demaunded  how  and  by  what  lawfull  means  they  would  procure  them 
and  after  keep  them  that  they  runn  not  to  theire  parents  or  frends, 
and  their  said  Parrents  or  frends  steale  them  not  away  w''''  naturall 
affeceon  may  inforce  in  the  one  and  the  other,  itt  was  answered  and 
well  allowed  that  a  treaty  and  an  agi'eement  be  made  w""  the  Kinge 
of  that  Country  eoncerninge  them  w"*"  if  itt  soe  fall  out  att  any  time  as 
is  exprest  they  may  by  his  Commaund  be  returned .  [80]  Whervppon 
S''  Thomas  Roe  promised  that  Hartley  Hundred  should  take  two  or 
three  for  w'*  theire  well  bringinge  vpp  hee  and  m'  Smith  pmised  to 
be  respondents  to  the  Company,  and  because  every  Hundred  maj'  the 
better  consider  hereof  they  were  lycensed  till  Sunday  in  the  after - 
noone,  att  w"''  time  they  sitt  att  nV  Treasurors,  to  bringe  in  theu- 
answere  how  manny  each  will  have  and  bringe  those  that  wilbe  respond  - 
ent  for  them,  &  those  that  others  will  not  take,  M''  Treasuror  in  the 
behalf e  of  Smith?  hundred  hath  promised  to  take  into  their  charge. 

'  "  Arryvall"  is  written  over  "arryviiige"  by  the  reviewer. 


312  RECORDS   OF  TEE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

The  proposicons  ^he  Proposicons  w"""  wero  by  sundry  of  the  Adventurers  allowed  of 
for  takinge  the  ^^^  ^  nieetiuffe  of  them  att  S^  Thomas  Smiths  house  the  14"^  of  Feb- 
Confirmed.  ruary  aboute  takinge  ofE  the  Tobacco  att  a  price  beinge  now  putt  to 

y"  question  was  confirmed,  Comendinge  itt  to  m'  Caswell  to  procure 

others  ||to  write ||  for  y*"  rest. 

And  fallinge  into  dispute  aboiite  the  DebtC  what  course  should  be 
taken  for  gettinge  them  in,  M'  Thrf er  made  knowne  that  of  necessitie 
Officers  for  man-  there  must  be  Officers  Chosen  for  the  mannaginge  and  lookinge  to  the 
aginge  &  lookinge  ij^^i^ii^es  first  for  the  callinge  in  of  the  DebtC  by  sendinge  their  ticketts 
vnto  them  to  bringe  m  their  monny,  and  vppon  retusall  to  putt  them 
in  sute  2 :  to  authorize  their  warrants  for  payinge  of  debts,  :3 :  to  dis- 
pose of  their  Affaires  in  Virginia,  4:  and  lastly  in  lookinge  to  the 
Accompts  &  pfectinge  them,  for  the  last  itt  was  thought  good  by  some 
y'  m''  Essington  should  be  entreated  to  pceed  w""  them,  and  for  the 
mannaginge  of  the  rest  vppon  nominacou  ther  was  made  choyce  of, 
m"'  Bull,  m'  Cranmer  and  m'  Caswell,  and  beinge  putt  to  the  question 
was  ratefyed  by  ereceon  of  hands. 

3   Com issions  Three  ComissiouC  beinge  presented  to  the  Coiu'te  was  allowed  to  be 
sealed.  scallcd  ouc  to  William  Shawe  m'  of  the  London  Marchant  the  other 

to  Cap'  lones  m'  of  the  Faulcon,  and  the  third  to  m'  Edmonds  m'  of 
the  Tryall  to  sett  saile  w""  the  first  fayre  winde  for  Virginia. 


Cap'  Bargraueg  Captaiuc  Bargraues  Comission  for  the  determyninge  some  Controu^sies 
l!X'r'°"   '"  ''^  betweene  him  and  Cap':  lohn  Martin  in  Virginia  beinge  now  pre- 
sented the  Court  therof  allowed  &  agreed  that  the  seale  should  be 
therevnto  affixed. 

M'  Markham  pre-  M''  Markham  beinge  formerly  requyred  for  the  bringinge  in  the  resy- 
TbITiI*  *'°°'''" '"*  ^^^  °^  *^®  bookC  and  Rowles  remayniuge  in  his  Custodie,  presented 
now  to  the  boorde  4  books,  and  4  Rowles  of  subscripeons  w'^''  were 
Comended  to  the  Care  of  m'  Deputy  desyringe  the  Courte  to  take  into 
Consideracon,  that  for  his  extraordinary  paines  hee  might  have  sattis- 
faccon,  w''*'  pointe  beinge  long  disputed  betwixt  m'  Thfer  and  him, 
itt  was  att  length  referred  to  the  Audito"  to  consider  thereof.     [81] 


FEBRUARY  22,  1619 


313 


FEBRUARY  Y«  23*''  [1619-20]: 


Present. 

m""  Treasurer. 

m'Rich:  TomlynC. 

S''  lo :  Dauers. 

m'  Samu:  Wrote. 

S^Tho:  Gates. 

m'  Keightley. 

S^  Nath :  Rich. 

m'  Wheatley. 

m''  lohn  Wroth. 

m'  Cranmer. 

m'  lohn  Ferrar. 

m'  Berblock. 

m^Tho:  Gibbes. 

m"'  Robert  Smith. 

m''  D'  Anthony. 

m"'  Richard  Wiseman 

m'  D'  Winstone. 

m''  Crowe. 

m'  Ri:  Wiseman. 

m''  Fra:  Meuerell. 

m"'  George  Smith. 

m''  Abraham  Chamberlyn. 

m"'  Henry  Briggs. 

m'  Elias  Roberta. 

m"'  Nicho:  Ferrar. 

m""  Thomas  Mellinge.' 


Gouerno"'"  letter  is  given  to  S'  xho:  Gates  .k- 
desiorus  to  have  Entfiueers  a> re*i t'^ «"'«- po'- 

uate     Ires    of    ai- 


And  forasmuch  as  the  Courte  by  the 
vnderstand  that  the  inhabitants  are  very 

sent  vnto  them  for  the  raysinge  of  ffortefycacons  for  M'"""  they  are 
content  amongst  themselves  to  beare  the  charge  therof,  vppon  w''*' 
S'  Tho :  Gates  is  entreated  to  write  his  pryvate  letters  of  dyreccons 
both  in  regard  of  his  skill  therin,  as  allso  of  his  knowledge  of  the 
Country,  as  allso  that  hee  together  w""  S''Nath:  Rich  conferr  w"' 
generall  Ca^sill  therin,  whose  assistance  in  a  former  Courte  touchiuge 
the  same  buisines  was  entreated  w"**  they  have  pmised  to  doe.       [82] 

A  Box  standinge  vppon  the  Table  w*''  this  direccon,  to  S'  Edwin 
Sandis  the  faithfull  Treasurer  for  Virginia,  hee  acquainted  them  that 
itt  was  brought  vnto  him  by  a  man  of  good  fashion  who  would  nether 
tell  him  his  name  nor  from  whence  hee  came,  butt  by  the  Subscripcou 
beinge  the  same  w'''  letter  hee  coniectured   that  itt  might  be  the 

'  A  blank  space  of  one-half  page  in  the  nianusoript  follows. 


314  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGTNTA  COMPANY 

The  Box  of  550"  to  550"  promised  therin.  And  itt  beinge  agreed  that  the  Box  should  be 
charge  "of^  Smiths  Opened  therwRS  a  bagg  of  new  golde  conteyninge  the  said  some  of 
hundred.  CCCCCL'' :  whervppo  Docter  Winstone  reportinge  what  the  Comittee 

held  reqidsite  for  the  mannaginge  therof  and  that  itt  should  be  wholly 
in  y^  charge  of  Smiths  hundred  itt  was  desyi'ed  by  some  that  the  reso  - 
lueon  should  be  plseuted  in  writinge  to  the  next  Courte  w'^''  in  regard 
of  the  Ashwednesdays  sermon  was  agreed  to  be  vppon  thursday  after. 


The  scaraity  of  Vppou  good  consideracou  of  the  scarcetie  of  the  Mynisters  that  is 

Mynistera  " 
ered  offe. 


.Mynisters   ousi  -  ^-[^-^  ^^^  remayuiuge  in  Virginia  haveinge  eleaven  Burroughs  and  not 


aboue  five  Mynisters:  M'' Thf er  now  comended  to  be  considered  by 
y''  Courte  the  sendinge  of  one  sufficient  Deuine  to  each  of  those  Bm-- 
roughs,  for  the  Comfort  of  the  soules  of  the  inhabitants,  by  preachings 
and  expoundinge  the  word  of  God  vnto  them :  And  for  the  drawinge 
and  eneourragm*  of  such  Preachers  herevnto  acquainted  them  of  100 
Acres  of  Land  accordinge  to  former  order  to  be  alotted  them  w'^'' 
they  beinge  vnable  to  mannage  alone  are  vnwillinge  to  goe  ouer, 
therfore  because  itt  may  be  plpared  for  them  hee  would  that  there 
might  be  sentt  six  men  as  Tennats  to  each  of  the  100  Acres  of  Gleabe 
in  the  saide  Burroughs,  in  doinge  of  w''*'  a  yearly  maintenance  wilbe 
raysed  vnto  them  of  w""  the  Company  to  bear  the  whole  charge  of  them 
w"'^  shalbe  transported  to  the  CoUedge  Land,  the  Gouerno",  and  the 
Companies,  and  for  those  six  that  shalbe  sent  by  pticularr  hundreths 
the  Company  for  their  better  provocacon  therevnto  shall  furnish  out 
three  to  each,  vppon  condicon  that  the  pticular  Plantacon  make  vp  the 
other  three,  w'^''  being  putt  to  the  question  was  g^^nerally  well  allowed 
my  Lord  of  Lon-  of,  whervppou  itt  was  thought  very  expedient  that  my  Lord  of  Lon- 
f  °"  hei  hf'' them  ^^^  should  bc  solicitcd  for  the  helping  them  w"'  sufficient  Mynisters, 
w^''suflicient>iyn-  as  allso  such  of  the  Company  as  w*^*"  out  favour  or  affeccon  could 
istera  hcare  of  any  that  were  cincciro  ||  sincere  ||  and  devoute  in  that  callinge 

and  were  desirous  to  goe,  that  they  would  acquainte  the  Courte  there- 
with that  they  may  be  entertayned. 

M'  Thfer  allso  signifyinge  y'  all  Indentures  of   Land  w"^^*"  yett  have 
been  graunted  to  pticuler  Societies  are  to  come  vnder  the  Seale  againe, 


FEBR  UARY  m,  1619  315 

therfore  moved  y'  a  new  Covennt  might  be  incerted  for  their  mayn  - 
tenance  of  a  sufficient  Mynister  w'*"  being  done  the  Country  wilbe 
well  planted  therw"",  w'^''  was  well  approved  of. 

Hee  allso  signified  vnto  them  of  the  Ballatinge  Box  standinge  vppo 

the  Table  how  itt  was   intended  att  first  an  other  way  as  might 

appeare  [83]  by  the  Amies  vppon  itt  butt  now  m'  Holloway  had  M'Hoiiowayuiade 

given  itt  freely  to  this  Company  that  therfore  to  gratefie  him  they  a'^sLgife^hare 

would  entertaine  him  into  there  Societie  by  giveinge  him  a  single 

Share  of  Land  in  Virginia  w'*  beinge  putt  to  the  question  was  rate  - 

fyed  vnto  him,  wher vppon  m'  Deputy  was  entreated  to  provide  a  Case  a  Case  for  y*  Bai- 

for  the  better  preservinge  of  itt.  '*''''«''  ^°^- 

Vppon  the  request  of  Richard  Francke  esquire  to  have  200  Acres  of  "^^  ■'^'^^^  "'  i-*"'' 
Land  layd  outt  for  4  men  w"""  are  to  be  transported  to  Virginia  and  Rif,hard  Fran'i.^a 
are  allredy  paied  for  vnto  two  of  his  sonns,  W™ :  and  Arthur  Franke  two  Sonns. 
there  resydinge  m^  Thf er  hath  promised  to  write  to  the  Gouernor  for 
the  effectinge  of  his  desire. 


A  Comission  beinge  now  presented  for  §the§  m''  Richard  Franoks  two  The  Comiesion  for 
Sonnca  of  the  Swan  of  Barnstaple  for  takinge  the  first  optunytie  of  \  f i^*"  /'^  ^^")" 

'^  ^  ^         -i  stable  to  be  sealed. 

winde  and  wather  for  Virginia  was  allowed  to  be  sealed. 

Wheras  some  principall  of  y''  Magazine  Aduenturers  for  the  bette'  ^lagazine  Adnen- 
putting  of  of  the  Tobacco  had  signed  to  certaine  Articles  for  tak-  c^rt^ne'lrdcies 
inge  halfe  therof  vppon  Condicon  that  all  the  rest  should  be  written 
for  by  Certaine  time,  w'^'^tyme  beinge  expired  and  nothinge  pformed, 
the  Adventurers  now  present  have  agreed,  and  to  that  end  tyed  them- 
selvs  that  if  those  w'^''  have  subscribed  please  to  stand  thervnto  they 
will  not  sell  the  rest  att  lower  price  w"^  if  they  doe  then  they  to  pay 
no  more  then  the  rest  shalbe  so  sould  for. 


316 


RECORDS   OF  TEE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 


MARCH  Y«  SECOND  1619 


m'  Thefrer. 
S'  lo:  Dauei'S. 
S'  Baptist  Hickes. 
S'lo:  Wolstenholme. 
S^Nath:  Rich, 
m'  lo:  Wroth, 
m'  Deputy. 
m^Tho:  GibbC. 
m''  Sam:  Wrote. 


Present. 

W  Winstone. 
m'  Rich:  TomlynC. 
m"^  Ro:  Smith, 
m""  W":  Caninge. 
m'  Cranmer. 
m'  Keightley. 
m"'  Briggs. 
m'  W":  Essington. 
m"^  Bearblock. 


m"^:  Augu:  Stewarde. 

m"'  Swinhowe. 

m^  Bull. 

m"'  Casswell. 

m'  Greorge  Smith. 

m^  Meuerell. 

m''  Arundell. 

m'  Baldwin. 

m'  Tho  Mellinge. 


M'  Eflsington  to  Wheras  the  last  ordynary  Court  made  choyce  of  three  for  the  man- 

Maea*zinT  Ac-  ^si^g^  the  remayuder  of  the  Magazine  buisines,  and  that  then  ittwas 

comp".  agi-eed   that  m''  Essington   should    be    entreated   to  pceed  w""  the 

Accompts  hee  being  now  plsent  &  desyred  by  the  Adventurors  to 

vndertake  itt  againe  assented  to  pforme  itt.     [84] 

The Couefint made  And  for  asmuch  as  m'  Caswell  signified  that  m''  Alderman  lohnson 
yt  e .  agaz      -  ^.^  ^^^  y^^Q  ^]^g  Coucnnt  made  by  the  Aduenturors  in  the  last  Courte 

uenturers  disliked  -^ 

by  Alder:  lohn-  for  the  vuderwritte"  to  take  off  the  Tobacco  they  had  vppon  Condi - 

^°"  cons  subscribed  for  as  not  beinge  effectuall  enough  for  their  sattisfac- 

con  and  therfore  desyred  to  have  an  other  meetinge  of  y''  Aduenturo' 

vppon  satterday  morninge  to  take  itt  againe  into  consideracon  was 

by  the  Adventurers  present  assented  vnto  and  agreed  to  be  att  S'' 

y  Aduenturers  ^homas  Smiths  house  vppon  satterday  next  att  ix  of  the  Clocke,  att 

desired  to  meete.  i/-.  i.  i>^  nr-iii 

w'^   time  the  Courte  have  mtreated  m'  Cranmer  and  m'  Chambers  to 
be  there  for  the  Company. 

S' Id:  Dauers,  and  gjj.  John  Daucrs  and  D'  Winstone  repayringe  to  the  Spanish  Agent  as 
portefrom^y'Span-  they  Were  intrcatcd  and  haveinge  delivered  their  message  accordinge 
ish  Agent.  to  the  direccou  of  the  last  Courte  reported  now  that  itt  was  very  kindely 


MARCH'S,  1619  317 

accepted  by  the  said  Agent  promisinge  to  write  vnto  his  Maister  the 
kinge  of  Spaine  for  to  certifie  him  how  Carefiill  the  Company  are  to 
holde  all  due  Correspondency  w""  him,  onely  desyringe  that  if  therby 
hereafter  they  should  finde  themselves  Dampnified  and  have  occasion 
to  renue  and  prosecute  the  matter,  that  then  this  Company  would 
ioyne  w*''  them  for  to  procure  sattisfaccon,  which  they  in  the  behalf e 
of  the  said  Company  promised  to  pforme. 

And  wheras  allso  in  the  last  Court  S'  Thomas  Gates,  and  S'  Nath :  ^'  Tho:  Gates,  & 
Rich  were  intreated  to  repaire  to  Generall  Caesill  touchinge  the  desja-e  repo^rte  from  c^n- 
of  the  Plantacon  to  be  accomodated  w""  some  Enginers  att  their  owne  eraii  c»>8iii  touch- 
charges  for  Raysing  of  fforteficacon     Itt  pleased  S'  Nath :  Rich  to  '°^«'  EngineerB 
reporte  that  accordingly  they  were  w'"  Generall  Csesill  who  found 
him  exceedinge  redy  and  willinge  to  assist  them  w'"  his  best  further- 
ance although  for  the  present  hee  knoweth  not  how  to  furnish  them 
they  beinge  so  exceedinge  deare  and  hard  to  be  gotten  that  they  will 
not  worke  vnder  five  or  six  shillings  a  day,  butt  acquainted  them  of  a 
ffrenchman  who  hath  been  longe  in  England  very  skillfull  therin  who 
pmised  to  agree  w""  him  for  a  eertaine  some  of  monny  to  goe  ouer 
and  live  there  signefyinge  of  two  sortes  of  ffortefycacons,  one  for  the 
induringe  of  assaults  and  Battery,  which  is  not  as  hee  Accompts  there 
very  needful  butt  rather  the  other  of  chusinge  and  takinge  some  place 
of  Advantage,  and  there  to  make  some  Pallysadoes  w''*'  hee  conceiveth 
the  fittest,  and  for  w'^''  this  jSrenchman  is  singuler  good. 

M'  Thi'fer  signified  that  accedentally  haveinge  some  Conferrence  with  ^^>'  ^ord  of  Ar- 
y*"  Right  Hon"^' :  the  Earle  of  Arrundell  itt  pleased  his  Lo"^ :  to  demon  -  ^,t  brother  a  re- 
strate  the  exceedinge  much  love  hee  beareth  to  the  Accon,  insomuch  ferrd  to  he  elected 
that  hee  could  be  content  to  come  and  sitt  amongst  them;  Hee  ther-  "°*  °  ^     "°** 
fore  moved  that  the  Court  would  admitt  his  Lo'':  into  their  Society, 
w"*'  beinge  putt  to  y''  question  was  ioyfullj''  embraced  by  generall  con- 
sent, and  referred  according  to  order  to  a  great  Courte  for  electinge 
ofhisLo^:   to  be  one  of  the  Counsell.     [85] 

Hee  allso  acquainted  my  Lord  of  London  of  the  Companies  intent  for  MyLordofLondon 
the  sendinge  ouer  Mynisters,  and  their  request  vnto  his  Lo"":  for  his  ofy'Compv intent 
good  furtherance  and  assistance  therin  together  w""  what  mainte-  to  send  Mynisters. 


318  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

nance  they  had  there  ordeyned  for  them,  w'^''  he  very  well  approved 
of,  promisinge  to  his  vttmost  of  his  power  to  doe  what  lyeth  in  him 
for  the  good  of  that  Plantacon. 

Smith?    hundred  Sygnifyinge  allso  that  the  Corporacon  of  SmithC  Hundred  verie  well 
content    to  giue  ag^-gp^gji  ^f  \)^^  Charge  of  the  Infidles  Children  comended  vnto  them 

100      to    Ije    dis-  ^  ^ 

charged  from  y'  by  the  Courte  in  regard  of  their  good  disposicon  to  doe  good,  butt 

charge  nf  y'  infi-  otherwise  if  the  Courte  shall  please  to  take  itt  from  them  they  will 

dies       1   ran.      -^juij^giy  o;ive  100" :     And  for  their  resolucons  although  they  have  not 

yett  sett  them  downe  in  writinge  by  reason  some  things  are  yett  to 

be  considered  off.  they  will  so  soone  as  may  be  pforme  the  same  and 

present  itt. 

A  Comittee  ap-  Wheras  duringe  the  time  of  S''  Thomas  Dales  resydence  in  Virginia 
poynted  for  y«  set-  t;herwas  by  his  meaus  sundry  Saltworks  sett  vpp  to  the  great  good 
workea.  "^  ^ud  beuefitt  of  the  Plantacon,  since  w'^*'  time  they  are  wholly  gone  to 
wrack  and  lett  fall  in  so  much  that  by  defect  therof  the  inhabitants 
are  exceedingly  distempred  by  eatinge  porke  and  other  things  meats 
fresh  &  vnseasoued  therf ore  itt  was  referred  to  a  Comittee  to  Consider 
w""  all  speed  for  the  settinge  vpp  againe  of  the  said  Saltworks,  that  is 
to  S'  lohn  Dauers  S'Nathaniell  Rich,  m'lohn  Wroth,  m'  D^  Winstone, 
&  m""  Sam :  Wrote  to  meet  to  morrow  att  two  of  the  Clocke  att  m' 
Thfers  house — M'  Baldwin  is  desyred  to  be  there  att  the  same  time  to 
further  the  said  Comittee  w""  his  best  advise. 

The  sendinge  of  S' Itt  was  allso  moved  by  m' Treasuror  that  for  asmuch  as  this  yeare 
Geo:  Yeardiy  a  ^.here  hath  beeue  and  are  in  preparinge  to  be  sent  to  Virginia  1200: 
thrcomitt^r  °  personns  or  their  aboute  wherof  600 :  to  the  publique  or  for  other 
pious  vses  wherby  a  heavy  burthen  will  be  vppon  S'  George  Yeardley 
for  the  disposinge  of  them  all  accordinge  to  direccons  and  instruccons 
sent  vnto  him,  that  therfore  for  his  better  incoragment  the  Company 
would  please  to  send  him  a  Present  itt  beinge  no  new  thinge  butt  much 
vsed  by  them  heretofore  whervppon  itt  was  referred  to  the  Committee 
in  y"  preceding  Order  to  consider  and  conclude  what  shalbe  sent  vnto 
him.     [86] 


MARCH  15,  1619 


319 


As  likewise  ||that  in  regiiard||  a  treaty  is  to  be  made  w'"  Oxjachan-  ^' ^^eorge  Yeardiy 
kano  touchinge  the  bette"'  kee})inge  of  the  Infidells  Children  w"*"  are  soine'tiiingsoutof 
to  be  brought  vpp  in  Christianytie  y'  therfore  they  would  authorize  S'  y'  Magazine  to 
George  Yeardley  to  take  some  such  thinge  as  bee  shall  like  best  outt  P^^se^t  itt  to  opa- 
of  the  Magazine  and  present  itt  vnto  him  for  the  better  attayninge 
their  ends  of  him  w''''  beinge  putt  to  the  question  was  well  allowed. 

S'  Thomas  Gates,  by  his  bill  assigned  five  Shares  of  twelve  pounds  ^'  Tho:  Gates  o 
tenn  shillings  the  Share  to  Samuell  Wrote  esqr:  w''''  the  Audito" '^-^^i^^  °  *""' 
haveinge  formerly  approved  was  allowed  by  this  Courte. 

Likewise  m''  Humphrey  Reynolds  assigned  five  Shares  to  m""  Humphry  M'  Hum:  Rei^-h- 
Slaney  w'^''  beinge  allso  allowed  by  the  Audito"  was  ratefyed  by  this  ^,  Humft-ev'^'^sia" 

Courte.  ney. 

MARCH  THE  15*"  1619 

Present. 


The  Right  Honor*^:  Robert  Earle  of  Warwick. 


S'  Edwin  Sandys  Thf er 
S^  Thomas  Roe. 
S''  Dudley  DiggC. 
S''  Thomas  Gates. 
S''  lohn  Daiiers. 
S^Fard:  Gorge. 
S^Tho:  Wroth. 
S'  lohn :  Wolstenholme . 
S'Nath:  Rich. 
S'Tho:  Willforde. 
m''  Recorder  of  London. 
m"'  Alderm :  lohnson . 


m''  lohn  Wroth. 
m'  Mau :  Abbott, 
m"^  Deputy. 
m^Tho:  Gibbes. 
m^Robt:  Ofley. 
m"^  Sam:  Wrote, 
m'  D'  Meddus. 
m''  Henry  ReighnoldC. 
m""  TomlynC. 
m''  George  Tucker, 
m''  Nicho:  Leate. 
Cap'  Sam:  Argoll. 


Cap'  Dani:  Tucker, 

m"'  lohn  Smith. 

m"'  Keightley. 

m'  Nicho :  Ferrar. 

m'Bull. 

m""  Cranmer. 

m"'  Rogers. 

m'  Essington. 

m""  Ditchfeilde. 

m'  Casswell. 

m''  Swifte. 

m""  George  Smith. 

m'  Mellinge,  C\ 


The  Courte  beinge  sett  m'  Thfer  made  knowne  y'  the  George  beinge  '^^^  George  re- 
returned   from  Virginia  had  brought   tres   certefyinge  allso  of   the 


16465— VOL  1—06- 


-21 


320  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

greate  mortallytie  w""  hath  l)eene  iu  Vh-ginia  about  300: of  the  Inhab- 
itants haveinge  dyed  this  last  yeare  and  that  S'  George  Yeardley 
comittes  the  former  §same§  error  as  formerly  that  hee  dyrecteth  all 
his  letters  to  the  Couusell  and  not  any  to  the  Company ;  Bntt  for  y* 
The  people  sent  in  people  seut  in  the  Bona  Nona  they  are  aryved  in  health  are  all  live- 
riiied  well.  inge  &  psper  well  applyinge  themselvs  w""  the   rest   accordinge  to 

direccon  to  the  buildinge  of  houses  tillinge  of  the  ground  plantinge 
Silkgrass :  Butt  forasmuch  as  the  Courte  was  wholly  ignorant  of  the 
State  of  the  Colloney  w"^  by  the  readinge  of  these  [87]  Lette"^  now 
The  readinge  of  y'  eome  they  might  be  enformed  of,  therfore  itt  was  ernestly  moved  by 

T.res  is  referd  ^  o  t  j  j 

divers  now  present  that  they  might  be  published  to  the  Courte,  butt 
sundry  of  the  Counsell  thinkinge  itt  inconvenyent,  till  a  full  nomber 
therof  hadd  first  heard  itt,  w''*'  was  accounted  seaven  to  gether,  itt 
was  therfore  deferred  till  the  next  Courte  and  in  the  intryme  itt  was 
agreed  that  the  Counsell  should  be  desyred  to  meete  vppon  ffryday 
afternoone  att  m'  ThferC  house  att  two  of  the  Clocke,  and  that  Cap* 
Cap' Smith  &  Capt  Smith,  and  Cap*  Maddison  then  attend  to  make  knowne  their  greiv- 
known'theirgreu^  auccs  w'^''  they  pretend  done  vnto  them  by  S"  George  Yeardley. 


ancea. 


Then  hee  Comended  to  the  Consideracon  and  approbacon  of  them 
3  things  of  mayne  |}-jpgg  Thiugs  of  mayuc  consequeuce — 1 :  wheras  f  ower  shipps  are  lately 

consequence  Com-  h-n  t  ^  ^        \  i>      ^   • 

endedhy  y'Thfer  dispeeded  and  auothcr  w     wilbe  readie  to  goe  by  the  last  of  this 
toy' Courte.     1:  nioneth  w**"  Pascugers  &  Provisions  as  itt  was  delivered  and  allowed 
in  a  Quarter  Courte  held  the  17""  of  Nouemb''  last  that  therfore  for  the 
better  Care  of  preservinge  them  att  their  landinge  and  nourishinge 
those  w''*'  shalbe  sicke  for  preventinge  so  neer  as  may  be  y^  like  mor- 
tallytie and  for  the  prosicutinge  of  some  well  degested  orders  made 
The  draught  of  a  [^  their  Courtcs  hee  had  framed  the  draught  of  a  Chai'ter,  w'^''  although 
ishingo  those  y'  ^^^^  Courtc  could  uot  give  a  finall  confirmacon  thervnto,  yett  if  they 
.-ire  Ficke.  now  approved  therof  itt  might  be  sent  in  this  Ship  to  be  putt  in 

Execucon,  &  be  confirmed  in  the  next  greate  generall  Courte. 

That  w'*'  m"'  Alderman  lohnson  now  proposed  that  they  would  take 
To  dispose  of  y«  care  how  to  dispose  of  the  Ship  and  goods  now  returned  for  their 
t^u^meJ  ^°°'^^  '2:  best  advantage. 


MARCH  15,  1619  321 

Of  difference  betwixt  the  Northerne  and  So:  Collonys.  Thedifferencesix.- 

tweene  j*  N":  anci 
S";  Colloneyg.      :l: 

ffor  ttie  first  the  Draught  of  the  said  Charter  beinge  extant  itt  was  The  Charter  re<id 
agreed  should  be  red  w'^''  done  was  very  well  approved  and  allowed  ''"'  ^pp""""® 
off  referringe  itt  to  the  Quarter  Courte  for  an  example  confirmacon 
butt  in  the  meane  time  agreed  that  the  Coppie  therof  should  be  sent  -^  Ck)ppie  to  be 

,       ^  .  .  8entto>-Gou9nor. 

tor  the  (iouernor  to  putt  in  practize. 

The  second  beinge  m'  Alderman  lohnsonC  Proposicon  was  comitted  -^''lerinan  lohn- 
to  a  Comittee  to  consider  of,  that  is  to  say  referrd  to  a  Corn- 

s''Thomas  Smith,  m' Alder:  lohnson.       m"^  Cranmore  ittee&deuideri  in- 

S^  Thomas  Wroth.         m'  lo :  Wroth.  m^  Bull  &  ^  ^  p^^*^  ^'^ 

S'  lo:  Wolstenholme.    m''  Deputy.  m''  Caswell  or  so  many 

S'' Nath:  Rich.  m' Keightley.  ek  as  pleased. 

Devidinge  the  busines  into  three  poyntes. 

ffor  the  plantinge  of  English  Tobacco  that  notw"'standinge  vppon  y"  English    Tobacco 
Compa:  yeildinge  to  an  iinposte,  his  Ma'''  by  a  Proclamacon  hath  pro-  '         j-ij 

hibited  the  same  yett  Contrary  thervnto  itt  is  pryvately  planted, 
ffor  the  procuringe  a  mitegacon  of  the  imposicon  w"''  is  conceyved  mit<'ga^«'°   "f  ?■* 
may  be  obteyned.     L'^^J 
For  the  Sale  of  y^  Goods  ' 

All  w''''  is  referred  as  aforesaid,  and  are  entreated  to  meete  att  S' 
Thomas  Smith?  house  vppon  Satterday  morninge  next  att  eight  of  the 
Clocke. 

To  the  third  m"'  Thf er  signified  that  the  N° :  CoUony  intendinge  to  The  v  Colony  pe- 
replante  themselvs  in  Virginia  had  peticoned  to  the  Kinge  and  to  the  /oTrnew  rattenr 
Lords  for  y"  obteyning  a  nue  Pattent  w''''  the  Lords  referred  vnto 
the  Lord  Duke,  &  the  Lord  of  Arundell  And  the  Lord  of  Arundell 
delivered  itt  to  him  for  to  call  the  Counsell,  vnderstanding  of  some 
differrences  about  fishinge  betwixt  them,  and  if  they  could  not  deter- 
mine of  itt,  that  then  to  returne  theire  opinions  to  their  Lo^':  wher- 
vppon  accordinglie  haveinge  mett,  and  as  formerly  disputed  the  buis- 
ines  they  could  not  conclude  therof,  butt  discented  the  one  from  the 


322  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

other,  that  therfore  accordinge  to  his  Lo*"^  Command  the  Courte  would 
please  to  nominate  some  to  give  intelligence  how  the  buisines  betwixt 
them  doth  depend,  w'^''  the  Courte  peeivinge  none  to  vnderstand  the 
cause  so  well  as  himselfe  most  ernestly  besoi;ght  him  to  take  the 
paiues,  w"""  hee  beinge  very  loth  and  vnwillinge  by  reason  of  the 
exceedinge  multitude  of  the  Company^  buisines  depending  vppon  him 
desyred  to  be  excused,  butt  not  prevaylinge  hee  was  soe  ernestly  solic- 
ited thervnto  that  hee  could  not  gainesay  itt,  whervppon  thej'  associ- 
ated vnto  him  S'  lohn  Dauers,  m''  Harbert,  and  m''  Keightley  to  repairs 
thither  to  morrow  morninge  at  8  of  the  Clocke. 

The  Articles,  be-  jjgg  allso  signified  of  ouc  m"'  ^  Kinge  that  is  to  goe  w*"  50  persons 

y^^'comp":^ touch-  W"  him  to  Virginia  there  to  sett  on  foote  Iron  Workes  and  that  there 
inge  y"  Iron  was  Articlcs  indented  betwixt  the  Company  and  him,  w'h  beinge  red 
Workes  ordered  to  ^^^  ^^  ^^^l  liked  that  they  allowed  of  the  same,  and  agreed  that  the 

be  sealed.  ''  '  ° 

Scale  should  be  thervnto  affixed. 

M'  Thfer  thanked  Aud  whcras  the  Ship  before  exprest  to  sett  forward  before  the  latter 
for  seaiinge  y'  ^^   ^j^-^  3^0^^^^)!  Called  the  Frauucis  Bona  Venture,  m'  Treasuror 

Charter  party  for  ' 

the  Bona  Venture,  havciuge  Sealed  the  Charter  party  betwixt  the  owners  and  the  Com- 
pany ;  The  Courte  now  did  render  thanks  vnto  him  for  the  same  and 
have  agreed  to  save  him  harmeless. 


s^  Tho:  Gates  one  gij-  Thomas  Gatcs  assigucd  one  single  Share  to  Edward  Palauicine 
gentleman  w''''  beinge  approved  b; 
question  was  confirmed  vnto  him. 


^  are  torn'  a  au-  ggj^^jgj^g^j^  -^ch  i^gjj^ge  approvcd  by  the  Auditors  and  now  putt  to  the 


The  Comispion  for  A  Comissiou  uuto  ^  Maistcr  of  y^  Frauncis  Bona 

Venture  allowed  ^^^i^turc  for  the  takiugc  optunitie  of  winde  and  weather  for  Virginia 
was  now  allowed.     [89] 

'  A  blank  space  in  the  manuBcript. 


MARCH  20,  1620 


323 


An  extraordinary  Courte  helde  the  20™:  of  March  1620 


Present 
y"  Right  Hono"^:  The  Lord  of  Southampton. 


m''  Treasuror. 
S''  lohn  Dauers. 
S''Io:  Wolstenholme. 
m^  Id:  Wroth, 
m''  Deputy. 
m^Tho:  Gibbes. 
m"'  Bromfeild. 
m'  Sam:  Wrote. 
Cap'  Argoll. 
W  Wiustone. 


m''  TomlynC. 
m''  Harbert. 
m''  Rogers, 
m"'  Keightley. 
m''  Bamforde. 
m''  lad  win. 
m''  Ditchfielde. 
m"^  Barnell. 
m'  Caswell, 
m'  Ferrar  sene. 


m'  Briggs. 
m''  Cranmer. 
m'  Berblock. 
m'  Meuerell. 
m''  Roberta. 
m'  Mellinge. 
m''  Baldwin, 
m"'  Arundle. 
m^  Whyffin. 


One  Peuecell  who  sometimes  lived  a  frend  in  Virginia  beinge  imployd  M'  Peneceiu  ire 
in  the  Treasuror,  and  accidentally  att  her  settinge  out  fallinge  vppon  ^o,Y!eT'^'iLn™<"  to 
the  Sommer  Hand?  where  now  bee  remayneth  sent  his  peticonary  Ire  Virginia  reoom- 
to  the  Treasuror  and  Comp" :  to  be  released  from  thence  that  bee  might  ^^'^^'^  ^'^  >'  ^'""*'' 
returne  to  Virginia  and  there  reportlaut  him  w"*"  was  coneeaved  to  be 
very  reasonable  vppon  w*  they  have  thought  good  to  recoiuend  the 
said  tre  to  the  Somer  IlandC  Courte. 


The  Councell  haveinge  heard  the  generall  Ire  from  S"'  George  Yeardley 
gave  order  for  the  sattisfaccon  of  the  Company  that  itt  should  be 
publquely  read  vnto  them  wherin  was  Complainte  of  Sandys  greiv- 
ances  done  by  Cap*  Samuell  Argoll  ptly  concurringe  w""  some  of  the 
12  Articles  by  the  Company  exhibited  against  him,  vnto  w*"**  hee 
haveinge  formerly  delivered  his  answere  to  fower  of  them  did  now 
present  answers  to  the  rest  w*^""  vppon  the  moeon  of  y^  Companies 
Councell  m"'  Thf er  delivered  to  the  Secretary  for  to  Coppy  out  and  to 


S'  George  Yeard- 
ley<  letter  pnb- 
liqnely  read  wher- 
in was  Complainte 
of  Sandys  greiu- 
auces  done  by  Cap' 
Argoll. 

The  answers  dd  to 
)•*  Secretary  to 
Coppie  out  and  to 
keepe  j-'OrignalK. 


324  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA   COMPANY 

keepe  the  origiuall  wherby  hereafter  the  said  Cap'  Ai'goU  may  not  say 
butt  that  they  are  the  very  same  ^'°^  hee  now  delivered,  And  foras- 
much as  hee  iuformeth  that  divers  of  Virginia  were  lately  com  ouer 
&  nowe  here  w"*"  can  give  testimony  of  his  pceedings  hee  therfore 
desyred  a  Comission  from  this  Courte  wherby  to  examine  them  for 
the  better  cleeringe  of  himself  e,  butt  beinge  answered  that  itt  was  not 
fittinge  himself e  should  examine  them  butt  rather  some  of  the  Coun- 
cell,  to  w'*"  pm-pose  they  would  noiate  fower  and  hee  should  nominate 
other  fower,  and  they  would  except  against  them  two  of  his,  and  hee 
poynttd  to  exam-  should  except  agaiust  two  of  thers,  w''''  -i :  or  2 :  of  them  so  they  be 
ine  y'  passenge"  of  either  side  one  as  they  are  chosen  shall  take  the  testimony  of  them 
now  com  .  accordingly  to  w*"*"  hee  willingly  condiscented  and  named  S"'  Nath  : 
Rich;  S"'  Ferdinando  Gorge,  m''  Recorder,  and  m'  Ma:  Abbot  of  w'^'' 
the  Comp^:  excepted  against  S'  Ferd:  Gorge,  and  S'  Nath:  Rich  w'^'' 
done  the  Company  named  S*^  lo:  Dauers,  m'  Christopher  Brooke, 
m'  GibbC,  and  m'  Deputy  of  w'''  hee  excepted  against  m''  Brooke  and 
m''  Deputy  so  that  the  4  chosen  for  this  buisines  are 

S''  lohn  Dauers  &  1  <?        e  ri 

r  mi        ^-11  foi'  y   Company, 

m'  Tho :  Gibbes     J         "^  ^     ^ 

m"'  Recorder  &       \  .      /-,     t  a        n       ram 

r  T»T       A 1  1    X  toi"  ^ap  Argoll.     [90] 

m'  Mo :  Abbot        I  t         &  l      j 

The  Georg  a  great  rpj^g   good   Ship  Called  the  George  after  a  longe   continuance  outt 

pany.  beinge  returned  and  bringinge  an  exeeedinge  charge  to  the  Company 

and  all  that  is  to  be  expected  for  the  bearinge  of  the  Charge  beinge 

the  fraight  of  Tobacco  com  in  her  and  y*"  fishiuge  Voyadge  shee  was 

The  Husband  to  employed  in,  Itt  was  agreed  that  the  Husband  should  looke  carefully 

good?  but  by  cer-  to  itt,  and  uot  deliver  outt  any  goods  butt  by  certificate  from  m""  Dep- 

tiiicate  from  y'  uty  that  the  fraight  therof  beinge  \^  vppon  a  pound  be  payd  vnto 

eputy.  him.  And  for  the  other  the  Courte  hath  chosen  m'  Cranmer  for  the 

M'  Cranmer  for  y  Company  and  m''  Keightley  for  the  Magazine  entreatinge  them  to 

Keightrev^  for  ^y  ©xamiue  &  Cast  vp  what  profitt  may  be  therby  aecrew  by  the  said 

Magazine  fishinge,  that  w"'all  possible  speed  the  ffraight  and  wages  of  the  said 

Company  Ship  may  be  discharged  and  the  Company  sattisfied  for  such 

allowances  towards  the  same  as  shall  fall  out  due  vnto  them. 


MARCH  20, 1620  325 

And  wheras  m''  fferrar  Deputy  sent  out  the  Garland  to  y"  service  of  ^^'e  Garland  sett 

y"  Company  w""  45  men  of  his  and  his  Associates  to  be  left  in  Vir-  aud  hie  Associate"^ 

ginia  for  the  preparinge  and  makings  reddy  of  buisines  against  the 

Springe  intendinge  together  w*  his  Associates   to  have  sent  divers 

others  for  the  settinge  vp  of  Iron  Workes  as  allso  that  the  Counoell 

hath  sent  sundry  letters  by  Wye,  m''  of  the  said  ShipfJ  now  for  asmuch  -^i'  \\'ye  beinge  to 

as  hee  was  appoynted  to  touch  at  the  Summer  UandC  and  leave  some  l^'and'e''arid''»)"to 

men  there  and  so  pceed  hee  notwithstandinge  contrary  to  their  direc-  pceed  diuertedhis 

cons  and  as  hee  was  boimd  by  Charter  party  findinge  that  extraordi-  bourse  irom  Vir- 

nary  gaine  would  redound  vnto  him  by  the  great  quantitie  of  Tobacco  ,,,ea  &  prouisionc 

w'^''  ther  was  redy  to  come  for  England  diverted  his  Course  from  Vir-  '-^^  y"  S:  i: 

ginia,  lefte  the  men  w""  their  provisions  in  the  Somer  Iland^  and 

what  is  become  of  the  Lres  itt  is  vncertaine,  hee  beinge  required  since 

his  Cominge  home  att  a  Sunier  IlandC  Courte,  to  bringe  them  to  m' 

Thfer  and  hath  not  yett  pformed  itt.  And  forasmuch  as  vppon  the 

mocon  of  m'  Ferrar  in  the  last  Somer  Hands  Courte  itt  was  there 

ordered  that  his  wages  should  be  deposited  till  the  differrences  betwixt 

them  were  ended  hee  there  vppon  hath  anihilated  the  same  by  repayr- 

ing  to  y*^  Admiralty  and  by  puttinge  in  bayle  to  answer  his  Accon  hee 

shall  enter  against  him  in  respect  wherof  and  in  consideracon  of  the 

greate  wronge  and  preiudice  hereby  falleth  to  the  Company,  (Itt  was 

agreed  beinge  putt  to  the  question)  that  the  said  Comp" :  shall  ioyne 

w""  m''  fferi'ar  in  the  sutte  against  him,  and  to  that  end  to  entertaine 

a  Procter,  and  Advocate  and  have  entreated  for  the  Companj^  D"' 

Winstone  and  m'  Bei'block  to  follow  itt  for  them,  and  for  the  defray - 

inge  of  the  Charge  have  entreated  m""  Thfer  to  disburse  vppon  warf nt 

what  shalbe  needfull.^ 

The  Actes  of  the  generall  assembly  in  Virginia  beinge  yett  to  read  T^e  readinge  of  >•• 
togethe'w"'  a  tre  w'"  m' Yeardley  desyreth  maybe  read  for  the  cleer-  .^'^embiy  S^vir- 
inge  of  his  Brother  S'  George  Yeardley  because  itt  was  held  incon-  ^inia  aud  m' 
venyent  to  spend  an  ordinary  Courte  therw'"  itt  was  agreed  that  bl'h'I^Te  o^Thl" 
munday  next  in  thafternoone  be  apoynted  for  the  purpose.'^    [91]         brother  be  re- 

ferrd. 
'  The  papers  ou  this  subject  are  cited  in  List  of  Records,  No.  149,  page  137,  unte. 

'T^'o  lettere  concerning  these  acts  are  cited  in  List  of  Records,  Xos.  164,  1"1,  pages  13S  and  140, 

ante. 


326 


RECORDS   OF  THE  VIROmiA  COMPANY 


MARCH  Y«— XXIX"':  ANN"  DOM:  1630 


m'  Thfer. 
S^Tho:  Roe. 
S'  lo :  Dauers. 
Suffer:  Gorge. 
S^Tho:  Wroth. 
S'  lo :  Wolstenholme. 
S^Nath:  Rich, 
m'' Alder:  lohuson. 
m''  lohn  Wroth. 
m"'  Chr:  Brooke, 
m"^  Tho :  Gribbes. 
m""  Deputy. 


Present. 

m'  Wrote. 

m"'  Herbert. 

m^  Ed :  Gibbes. 

m''  Tho:  Gibbes Iunio^ 

m''  Edwa:  Smith. 

in''  Keightley. 

m''  Bearbloek. 

m"'  Craumer. 

m''  Briggs. 

m'  Palmer. 

m"^  Caninge. 

m''  Rogers. 


m'  Caswell, 
m^  Bull, 
m"^  Pallavicine. 
m''  Meuerell. 
m'  Roberta, 
m''  Sparrowe. 
m""  George  Smith, 
m""  Baldwin, 
m"'  Mellynge. 
m.'  Newporte. 
m.'^  Arundell. 
and  many  others. 


A  Virginia  Courte  Wheras  accordinge  to  the  aboue  written  order  munday  afternoone 
ciismiste  in  respect  ^^^^  ^^g  apovuted  for  au  extraordinary  Courte,  m'  Thfer  signified  that 

thprwas  held  one  n  t    i  t         i      i  •  i 

for  >•'  So:  iiande.  wheu  the  same  was  warned  bee  hard  that  att  the  same  time  therwas 
a  Courte  for  the  Somer  IlandC,  therefore  imagininge  that  the  Com- 
panies beinge  to  be  so  seuered  itt  would  be  the  hinderance  of  them 
both,  hee  was  willinge  that  the  Virginia  Courte  should  be  dismiste. 

S'  Nath:  Kich  his  The  Order  beinge  read  wherin  S'  Nath :  Rich  signified  what  had  beene 
reporte  from  Gen-  (j^^g  vppou  the  Companies  request  to  generall  Ceeill  about  an  Enginer 
ing  an  Engineer,  to  be  seut  to  Virginia  hee  now  reported  that  haveinge  beene  since  w"" 
him  hee  findes  that  wheras  hee  pitched  of  a  ffrenchman  hee  thinks 
he  shall  be  deceaved,  Butt  if  the  worst  fall  out  that  hee  cannott 
help  them  to  a  fitt  hee  will  sett  downe  such  pticularr  direccons  and 
instruccons  for  them  to  pceed  as  they  shall  easilie  pforme  itt;  More- 
ouer  hee  said  that  hee  had  spoken  to  another  who  tould  him  that 
hee  knew  of  a  very  sufficient  man  for  his  purpose  a  Captain  in  the 
Low  Countries,  who  vppon  intelligence  hee  is  sure  would  sell  his 


MARCH '29,  1619 


327 


place  to  serve  this  Company  beinge  the  thinge  w""  err  now  himselfe 
hath  desyred  ffor  w"''  the  Coiirte  gave  S'  Nath:  Rich  thankes  desyr- 
inge  that  hee  in  the  Lowe  Countries  may  have  notice  therof,  whose 
service  they  shall  well  esteeme  and  that  in  the  meane  time  hee  would 
be  pleased  to  procure  accordinge  to  his  relacon  of  Generall  Cecill 
those  direccons  &  Instruccons  he  hath  promised  that  they  be  sent  in 
this  Ship  to  the  Inhabitants  to  give  them  some  pt  of  sattisfaccon  w'  h 
hee  hath  pmised  shalbe  pformed. 

The  busines  att  the  last  ordinary  Courte  referred  to  a  Comittee  to  '^'^^  buisines  re- 
meete  att  S'  Tho:  Smiths  w"''  accordingly  they  did  and  there  Agree-  (^  ^t'^a*  fomer 
ment  of  the  3:  pointes  now  presented  in  writinge  was  after  publique  Courte  allowed, 
readinge  beinge  putt  to  the  question  allowed  and   agreed  haveinge 
dependancy  to  an  order  in  the  said  Courte  to  be  amongst  the  rest  of 
the  Acts  recorded  being  this  w''"  followeth.     [93] 


A   MEETINGE   OF   COMITTEES   HELDE   AT   S"   ThOMAS    SmITH?    BY    ORDER 

FROM  THE  Virginia  Courte  18"":  March  1619 


S'  Thomas  Smith. 
S''  Thomas  Gates. 
S^  Thomas  Wroth. 
S^Nath:  Rich, 
m'  Alder:  lohnson. 
m^Tho:  Gibbes. 


Present. 

m''  Wrote, 
m'  Keightley. 
m''  Caninge. 
Cap'  Tucker, 
m'  Essington. 


m'  Edwards, 
m''  Cranmer. 
m''  Berbloek. 
m'  Casewell. 


This  Comittee  meetinge  by  order  from  the  Virginia  Courte  tooke  into 
eonsideracon  the  3  poyntes  referred  vuto  them. 

ffor  Tobacco  w'^''  is  ||priuately||  said  to  be  pr^^'titol}^  planted  contrary  'o''  Tobacco  pry- 
to  the  Kings  prohibicon  by  Proclamacon,  they  now  agi-ee  to  entertaiue  ^^'/^  ■„  Lgiaila' 
Henry  Manselltobe  an  intelligencer  and  to  give  du-eccons  and  Instruc-  Henry  Mmiseii  to 
cons  to  pceed  by  acquaintinge  a  Justice  therwith  &  then  bringinge  his  ^  *"*  intelligencer 


328  RECORDS   OF  TEE  YIROINIA  COMPANY 

M' lai'obb  to  pros-  name  to  the  Counsell  aud  ni"^  lacob,  w''"  m'  lacobb  hath  praised  to 


pseeute  itt,  and  pveferr  a  bill  against  him  in  the  Star  Chamb''  and  so 
for  every  informacon  iustly  preferred  and  w°''  shall  be  within  5  milles 
of  London  and  proveth  true  they  hold  itt  requisite  for  the  encourrag- 
ing  of  him  to  give  him  x'  equally  to  be  paid  by  the  Companies  of  Vir- 
ginia and  the  Sumer  IlandC,  and  if  bee  vppon  occasion  rode  further 
then  the  2  Companies  to  beare  his  Charge  and  reward  him  as  they  see 
cause,  and  therfore  have  concluded  that  bee  shall  be  bound  vntothem 
to  doe  faythfull  service  w"'out  anj'  conivencie  vppon  paine  of  a  strict 
pennaltie  to  be  otherwise  imposed  v]:)pon  him  and  to  that  end  itt  is  held 
convenyent  that  his  continuance  herein  be  durante  bene  placito. 

mytegacon  of  im-  rp^  ^^^^  second  poyute  of  mytegacou  of  ymposicon 

m'Tirer:  lohnson  After  some  dispute   m'  Alderman   lohnson   and  m''  Cranmer  was 

&.  lu'  Cranmer  to  entreated  when   they  rise  to  goe  to  m''  lacobb  who  had  reason  to 

goe  to  m' lacobb.  pggpgg^  them  consideriuge  the  pryveledge  of  their  Pattent  and  the 

manner  of  his  grauut  by  easinge  and  releivinge  them  in  the  Taxacou 

of  their  Tobacco,  w'^''  if  bee  refuse,  y'  then  my  Lord  of  Warwicke,  S' 

Tho:  Roe,  S""  Nath:  Rich,  and  others  be  entreated  to  deliver  from  the 

Comp" :  such  reasons  to  the  Kinge  for  mitagaeou  thereof  as  they  have 

sett  downe  in  the  peticon  to  his  Ma"'  consideringe  that  the  buisiues 

doth  not  concerne  the  KingC  profitt  butt  m'  lacobbs. 

Sale  of  Good<     3  Thirdly  for  the  Sale  of  Goods 

oi  y''^c'h'a'rg"^of  Itt  is  agreed  by  these  Comitteesy' for  the  defray inge  of  the  plsent  charge 
fraught  both  oide  of  fraight  Custome,  and  Impost  of  Tobacco  both  olde  and  new,  w"** 
&   new  shaibe  ^^  ^^^  from  Virginia  from  those  of  the  Magazine  shalbe  sould  to  those 

sould  &"  ^  °  .  . 

that  will  vnderwrite  for  such  quantitie  as  they  shall  thinke  fittinge  not 

vnder  the  quantitie  of  500 :  pound  waight  for  any  one  man  to  write 

vppon  these  Condicous. 
^  Att  y''  rate  of  ij"  vj'^  the  pound  to  pay  12''  in  hand  for  y''  defrayinge  of 

fraught  Custome,  and  Imposte,audtopaytheresyduethe  25"'  of  March 

1621 

To  take  two  thirds  of  the  ould  and  ^  of  the  new  or  as  itt  shall  fall  out 

in  quantity  and  pporcon 
■'  To  discount  vntothemselvs  half  e  aCapitallof  the  first  years  Adventure. 

To  give  their  bills  to  S'  Thomas  Smith,  &  m' Alder:  lohnson  who 


MARCH  iii),  IGJ'J  329 

stand  engaged  for  those  of  the  Magazine  and  they  to  give  their  severall 
hills  each  to  other  for  the  vse  of  the  said  Magazine.     [93] 

And  they  to  order  and  Condition  of  hrokes  longe  since  made  touch-  a  Preamble  of  this 
inge  y"  said  Magazine  shall  stand  firme  of  every  man  w"'out  alteringe  y^  Aduenturera. 
or  revocacon  and  that  a  Preamble  of  this  order  shalbe  sent  to  the 
Adventurers  that  such  as  are  willinge  vppon  the  foresaid  Condicon 
shall  vnderwrite  theire  names  &  quantity  w''*'  they  shalbe  pleased  to 
§buy  &§  take  out. 

Concerninge  the  difference  of  ffishinge  betweene  the  South,  and  N°:  >i'  Threr  reporte 
Collony  itt  pleased  m'  Thfer  to  signifie  that  although  hee  was  very  "^^l^^^ly^  lo" 
vnvi^illinge  by  reason  of  the  multitude  of  other  buisinesses,  yett  hee  concemint'e   the 
and  the  Comittee  had  intended  the  Lo :  Duke  and  the  Lo :  of  Arundle,  |i'«'^"'"t«'  "'  "--^h; 
and  therwas  for  the  other  side  S''  Ferd:  Gorge  and  others,  where  dis-  so:  ami  X":  Co'i- 
putinge  the  matter  before  their  Lo'" :  they  pleased  neither  to  allow  nor  lonyes 
disalowe  entirely  the  one  parte  or  the  other  butt  sett  downe  &  order 
as  seemed  fittest  to  their  Lo^':  for  the  obteyuinge  a  Co])py  wherof 
they  now  appoynted  the  secretary  to  repare  to  S'  Clement  Edmonds  The  secretary  to 
and  desire  itt  of  him  in  the  name  of  the  Comp" :  &  appoynted  him  to  eurEdmondf  '^'^ 
give  his  Clarke  his  ffee. 

Hee  further  acquainted  them  of  2  things  more  to  be  pformed  for  the  *  Charter  to  be 
publique  the  one  a  Charter  to  be  sent  to  S'  George  Yeardley  to  be  velrau-v 'w''^^ 
published  throughout  the  seu^all  Burroughs  and  Hundreds  that  they  inge  read  was  rati- 
apply  not  themselvs  wholly  to  Tobacco  w'^''  will  faile  them  and  oner  ^^'^ 
throw  the  generall   Plantacon  butt  to  other  Staple  Comodities  of 
which  they  have  notice,  w'^''  beinge  ingrossed  and  read  was  ratefyed 
by  ereeeon  of  hands 

The  other  that  wheras  an  Aspercon  was  laide  vppon  him  by  some  -^I'Tfers  answer© 
that  hee  deteyneth  matter  from  the  Company  and  imparteth  them  iaide"vpp!)rThn 
onely  to  the  Couneell  w'*"  is  not  true  for  hee  hath  procui-ed  more  then  for  deteyninge 
once  the  Gouerno"  tres  to  the  Counsell  and  theirs  to  him  to  be  read  ^^up^"^,.  1'"  X. 
openly  in  Courte,  yett  hee  saj'^th  that  the  Goueriior  hath  gi\'en  cause  partinge  them  to 
of  y'  blame  by  dyrectinge  still  his  Ires  to  the  Counsell,  w^^"  although  >"  ^"•^""^•^"• 
hee  hath  reprehended  him  for  itt  by  his  pryvate  letter,  }ett  itt  would 
not  doe  amise  that  a  generall  tre  from  the  Courte  be  sent  liim,  that 


330  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

A  Letter  to  be  j^gg  jj^j^y  better  viiderstaiid  his  error,  and  hereafter  write  aswell  to  the 
ernor"  ^  '""  Compuiiy  as  to  the  Counsell,  w''"'  they  thought  to  be  very  necessarie, 
whervppon  they  have  entreated  m''  Thfer,  S'  lohn  Dauers,  m''  Wrote, 
m''  Gibbes,  and  m''  Herbert,  to  meet  att  m''  Thfer^  house  vppon  fry- 
day  morninge  for  pformance  of  itt,  w'^''  done  might  be  read  to  the 
Courte  to  be  approved  and  signed. 

Navigacon  to  be  jjgg  also  signified  that  S'  George  Yeardley  desyreth  of  them  for  the 
good  of  the  Colony  that  a   uavigacon  might  be  sent  vpp  w'*"  would 
produce  good  benefitt  to  the  Plantacon,  and  to  that  end  nomynateth 
Marmaduk    Kay-  ynto  them  One  Marmaduke  Rayner  who  is  willinge  to  goe  if  they 
uerap  o.  pleaso  to  give  him  his  passage,  w"''  man  beinge  allso  well  knowne 

vnto  S''  Tho:  Roe,  liee  gave  very  good  coinendacons  of  him,  wher- 
vppon itt  was  agreed  vppon  the  tearms  menconed  hee  shovdd  be  sent. 

Tho:  Gibbes  2  Thomas  Gibbes  esqr  by  two  severall  bills  assigned  vnto  two  of  his 

hi^sonne^s.  ^ '  °  souus  m''  Edmund,  and  Tho :  Gibbes  lunior  ij  single  Shares  one  to  each 

of  them  of  12":  10':  the  share,  w'^''  the  Avidito"  haveinge  approved  the 

Courte  now  confirmed   beinge  putt  to  the  question  by  ereccon  of 

hands.     [94] 

Cap-  lo:  Bargraue  (]j^pt  Jq^j^  Bargraue  assigued  two  shares  vnto  M'  Robert  Briggs  which 

Robert  Briggs.       vppou  the  like  approbacou  was  allowed  as  the  former. 

M'  Aiiano  Lupo  to  Yppou  the  request  of  Stephen  Sparrow  itt  was  agreed  y'  M''  Aliano 

be  made  free  &  to  -^  i         i  •  i  i        j.         •       tt-       •     •       j;         n  j.     c 

haue  100  Acres  of  l^upo  who  haveiugc  Dceue  a  planter  in  Virginia  tor  9  years  past  & 

Land.  there  continuinge  shalbe  made  free  and  have  the  proporconable  rate 

of  one  hundred  Acres  of  Land  alotted  him  like  as  to  other  Adventuro". 

and   for  3   men  ^g  allso  that  the  saide  Stephen  Sparrow  att  his  owne  charge  trans - 

transported  by  m'  .     .      „  ,  -rrr     ttt-  •        i     i 

Sparrow  150 Acres,  ported  three  men  to  Virginia  tor  whom  W  Webb  received  the  mouny 
as  hee  witnesseth  vizd :  John  Slater,  and  lohn  Powell  in  the  George 
in  October  1617  &  W"  Thisselton  in  the  W"" :  and  Thomas,  in  August 
1618,  whervpj)on  itt  was  agreed  accordinge  to  his  desire  that  for  the 
said  3  men  hee  should  have  150  Acres  of  Land. 

Walter  Eidred  3  Walter  Eldrcd  produced  to  the  Courte  y'  will  of  Thomas  Hodges  in 
to  him  &  iiiad'l  a  ^^"^  ^^"^^^  ^^^  hath  giveu  vnto  the  said  Walter  Eidred  3  single  Shares  of 
free  brother.         12":  10"  w""  appeal*] uge  to  the  Courte  he  dyed  w%ut  issue,  as  also 


APRIL  3,  1620 


331 


that  by  the  said  will  hee  was  sole  executo''  the  Courte  now  gave  al- 
lowance therof  and  soe  was  admitted  into  this  Societie. 

Wheras  v]ipon  the  peticon  of  Agnes  NichoUC  mother  to  one  Henry  ^"'-an  Hamond  to 
Dauies  who  did  goe  the  Voyadge  to  Virginia  w'"  the  Lord  Lawarr  in  t.rHenrv^'Da^"^ 
1616  and  att  six  moneths  after  his  landinge  hee  there  dyed  as  by  eer-  her  brother, 
tificate  from  Samuell  Tubman  may  appear,  itt  was  agreed  vppon  the 
said  peticon  and  certificate  that  Susan  Hamond  the  only  sister  and 
heire  of  y"  saide  Henry  Dauies  shall  have  the  Land  due  vnto  him 
vppon  his  psonall  adventure. 

fforasmuch  as  dive'''*  peticons  are  to  be  read  and  some  other  buisines  -^  Conrte  to  !« 
to  be  pformed  before  Depture  of  the  Ship,  itt  was  agreed  that  Mun-  ^^^"^^ 
day  afternoone  next  shalbe  an  extraordinaiy  Courte. 


iLN  EXTRAORDINARY  CoURTE  HELD  AT  S"  EdWIN  SaNDYS 
HOUSE  THE  3  OF  APRILL  1620 


m""  Thfer. 
8''  lo:  Dauers. 
S^Tho:  Wroth. 
S'lo:  Wolstenholme. 
m'  lo:  Wroth. 
m'Tho:  Gibbes. 
m"'  Wrote. 
m'  Herbert. 


Present. 

m^  Rob'  Smith. 

m'  Tho :  Gibbslunior, 

m''  Wheatley. 

m'  Keightley. 

m"'  Palmer. 

m"^  Berblock. 

m'  Barnell. 

m''  Rogers. 


m'  EdwardC. 
m"^  Briggs. 
m'  Bamforde, 
m'  Roberta, 
m'  Geo:  Smith. 
m'  Meuerell. 
m''  Sparrow, 
m""  Newporte. 
m^  Baldwin.     [95] 


A  Complainte  in  writinge  beinge  now  presented  by  some  of  the  Ad-  ^'  Comp":  of  >- 
venturo^of  Martini  Hundred,  for  redresse  of  some  ™ngs,  pretended  ^"^"'"'"/"f  °! 

J,  '  »'r  Martin?    hundred 

done  them  pticularly  by  one  Boyse  entertayned  there  to  be  a  Bayly  of  to  be  endowed  in 
their  hundred  who  contrarie  to  Covennts  hath  forsaken  their  Planta-  y*  Compv  Tre  to  >•• 
con  and  settled  himselfe  elsewhere ;  Itt  was  agreed  accordinge  as  they 


332  BECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

desyred,  that  the  saide  writinge  should  be  enclosed  in  the  Companies 
tre,  w"'  advice  to  the  Gouernor  to  rectefie  theii-  Greivances  and 
further  them  in  their  lawfull  desu'es. 

The  Comp-  Tre  to  M'  Thfer  reported  y'  the  Comittee  appoynted  in  the  last  Courte  for 
the  Gouernor  fin- 1^^  drawinse  a  tre  for  the  Comp" :  to  the  Gouernor  have  mett  and 
fj'nished  the  principall  pointes  of  the  same,  if  the  Courte  shall  allowe 
theirof,  therin  meneoninge  of  "2'  veiy  sufficient  and  able  men  w'^''  are 
2  Deputies  to  goe  to  goe  as  Deputies  for  y''  Company  and  to  take  charge  of  2 :  pticularr 
&  take  charge  of  2  go  verm  tC  vuder  S''  George  Yeardley  for  menaginge  and  orderinge  2 
ment8.  parts  of  the  publique  Land,  and  tefintC,  the  one  for  the  Colledge,  and 

1  for  that  have  dealt  m''  George  Thorpe  a  gentleman  of  his  Ma""^ :  pry  vie 
Chamber,  and  one  of  his  Councell  for  Virginia,  who  hath  promised 

2  w'h  all  diligence  to  have  exceedinge  care  therof,  the  other  of  like  suf- 
ficiencie  butt  yett  to  be  namelesse  to  have  charge  of  the  publique  Land 
and  TenntC  sett  out  in  4:  Burroughs,  w'^''  wilbe  no  otherwise  charg- 
able  to  the  Company  then  for  the  present,  allotinge  them  of  Land  and 

3  allowinge  them  Tehnt<  therevnto.  And  wheras  S''  Georg  Yeardley 
P'  George  Yeard-  offereth  to  serve  the  Company  gratis,  the  Company  hould  itt  not 
requrpit7tracc"pt  I'^quisite  to  accep'  of  his  offer  butt  rather  to  dispose  some  pt  of  his  lib- 
of.  erallytie  another  waie  that  therfore  hee,  (as  they  intend  hereafter  to 

coveunt  w"'  such  as  shall  succeed  him  hereafter)  shall  leave  on  the 
Governo"  Land  as  many  Tehnt^  at  the  expiracon  of  his  Goverment  as 
hee  findeth  or  went  w**"  him  at  his  entrance  or  afterwards  shalbe  sent 
vnto  him. 

Theexecuconofy-  And  wheras  Cap'  Argoll  in  the  time  of  his  suspention  from  the  place 
hi  vhginia  'tefer-  ^f  Admirall  authoryscd,  Abraham  Peirsey  the  Cape  marchant  to  be  his 
red  to  y' Gouernor  Deputy  or  Vice  Admirall  w''"'  hee  could  not  doe  till  by  his  cleeringe 
Stet  thT"""  "'  ^^®  ^^^  frustrated  the  said  suspension,  Therfore  the  Comittee  held  itt 
fitt  that  the  execucon  of  that  Office  should  be  referred  to  y^  Gou^nor 
and  Counsell  of  State  and  to  such  vnder  them  as  they  shall  appointe. 

The  Secretaries  ^^^^  forasmuch  as  the  Gouemo''  and  Counsell  there  have  allowed  of 

be  confirni.Mi  held  certaiue  ffees  to  be  due  vnto  the  Secretary  by  his  place  and  sent  itt 

intoUerabie  c.      hither  for  coufirmacon,  the  Comittee  first  and  now  the  Courte  pvs- 

inge  the  same  found  them  so  oppressive  that  they  found  them  see 


APRIL  .?,  16W  333 

intollerable,  &  therefore  held  it  convenyent  that  hee  should  have  no 
fees  att  all  butt  that  the  Comp" :  would  allowe  him  certaiiie  Land  and 
TeilntC,  and  so  to  live  vppon  that  butt  for  his  Clarke  to  allow  him  6'^  or 
4'^  in  the  Crowne  ther  sett  downe  w'^''  belonginge  to  the  lawes  of  gov- 
erm',  and  magestracie  to  be  there  established  is  referred  thereto  [96] 

And  likewise  wheras  a  Complainte  is  made  of  the  Cape  Marchant  The  Gouemo'  to 
by  the  Planters  of  double  and  treble  rates  sett  vppon  the  goods  con-  eLmL.le°v^Cape 
trarie  to  the  Adventurers  order  that  therfore  the  Gouerno''and  Conn-  Marchant?  writ- 
sell  be  authorized  to  make  him  produce  his  writings  and  Invoyees  to  *°s*  *  invojxee. 
examine  whether  hee  hath  dealt  fairely  or  no  and  returne  informacon 
to  the  Company. 

Other  things  of  smaller  consequence  beinge  likewise  to  be  incerted  '^'^er  Addicons  to 

V*    Trp'   rpipmi  to 

was  comitted  to  the  trust  of  the  Comittee  to  pforme  and  soe  the  letter  ^e  pformed  by  >•• 
being  putt  to  the  question  was  allowed  and  confirmed  agi-eeing  that  Comitee  &  to  be 
it  shalbe  signed  by  the  Thfer,  Deputy,  and  Comittee  in  the  behalfe  ^'^®<^- 
of  the  Company. 

Hee  also  signified  that  m'  George  Yeardley  desyred  for  his  better  M'  Tfers  request 
direccon  the  laws  for  Gouerment  and  Magestracye  w-^^  although  a  !°'  ^''"'■«i'»f  & 

^  *'  'J  framiUEe  oi  Laws 

Comittee  was  long  since  Chosen  for  the  same  yett  by  reason  of  other  graunted. 
buisines  of  maine  consequents  they  have  not  pceeded  therwith,  request- 
inge  that  now  when  all  the  Ships  are  gone  and  other  buisses  settled 
they  would  graunt  him  so  much  libertie  for  his  refreshinge  as  to 
retire  himself e  for  3:  or  4  weekC  into  the  country  in  w"**  time  hee 
would  spend  his  studies  in  collectinge  and  framynge  such  lawes  as 
may  agree  soe  neer  as  may  be  to  the  Lawes  of  this  Realme  and  his 
Ma'^:  instruccons  from  w"''  if  hee  swerve  in  any  thinge  itt  shall  not 
passe  till  the  kinge  have  approved  therof :  Itt  beinge  not  fitt  y'  his 
Ma*'  subiects  should  be  governed  by  any  other  lawes  then  by  such  as 
shall  receave  influence  of  life  from  his  Ma'^':  whervppon  w'*"  many 
thanks  for  his  care  his  request  was  graunted. 

Itt  was  informed  y'  the  Lady  Lawarr  desyred  y'  25  Shares  adventure  y*  i-ady  Lawan- 
might  be  deducted  outt  of  her  Shares,  and  passed  to  Anthony  Browne  {'o^Antho-'Brov^ 
who  intendeth  to  goe   to  Virginia  and  plant  them  w'^''  the  Courte 
allowed. 


334  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

Elizabeth  Percy  ^  peticoii  read  from  Elizabeth  Pearey  referred  to  the  Adventurers  of 

her  Peticon.  , ,       ,  , 

the  Magazine. 

Fra:  Baldwins  Pe-  ffi-auncis  Baldwins  Peticon  beinge   read   itt  was  agreed  should  be 
ended  to  y«  Gou9-  comeuded  to  the  Gouernor  in  the  tre  from  the  Company. 

nor. 

M'  Deuereii?  re-  Weras  oue  Bartholemew  Lawton  was  transported  in  y''  Bona  Noua  to 
quest  for  Bart  :  yjj.prjjjjj^  |-q  remaine  a  Tehnt  there,  one  m"^  Deuerell  made  sute  that 

Lawton.  ^  ' 

hee  might  be  freed  from  that  place  and  made  free,  and  to  that  end 
would  pay  the  charges  the  Comp* :  was  at  in  sendinge  him,  and  send 
him  a  man  or  two  to  worke  for  him,  vnto  w"*"  hee  was  answered  that 
his  pffer  would  not  serve  the  turne  butt  if  hee  will  send  in  his  steed 
one  approved  to  be  sufficient  and  that  will  pforme  his  CovenntC  his 
request  by  y*  means  might  be  obteyned  and  not  otherwise  wherw**" 
hee  seemed  sattisfied.     [97] 


An  Vnperfect  Courte  helde  for  Virginia  att  S"  Edwin  Sandys 
howse  ye  viij^"  of  aprill  1620. 

Present 

m"^  Treasurer.  m'  Keightley.  m"'  Eyes, 

m'' Tho :  Wroth.  m"^  Palmer.  m"^  Brigs, 

m''  Gibbes.  m"^  Berblock.  m""  Arundle. 

m'  Wrote.  m"^  Cranmer.  m'  Newporte. 

m'  ReighnokK.  m'  Palauicine. 
m"^  Ro:  Smith. 


a  Tre  read  from  ^  j^.g  beinge  read  from  m'  lames  of  Plymouth  directed  to  m'  Deputy 
moth'!'"^*" "      ^  signifyinge  that  one    Spark   should  dcuiliahlic   §divvldge§  imputa- 
tion of  y^  Countrie  and  Gouerment  of  Virginia  falslie  reportinge  that 
900:  ||men||  are  dead  this  yeare,  and  that  the  people  are  vsed  w**^ 


APRIL  8,  1620  335 

more  slavery  then  if  they  were  vnder  the  Turke,  therfore  for  the  curb- 

inge  of  his  turbulent  spirite,  itt  was  agi-eed  that  a  tre  in  the  name  a  Tre  to  be  written 

of  the  Courte  should  be  written  to  the  Maior  of  Plymoth  to  examine  moth!  *""^°     ^ 

and  learne  vppon  what  ground  hee  should  speake  soe  falsely  and 

accordinglie  to  certifie  the  Company  that  itt  may  be  followed  w"" 

Justice  and  equitie. 


Intelligence  was  given  y*  m'  Nicholas  fferrar  thelder  beinge  translated  ^oo":  giuen  by  m- 

X  ich  o 
thelder. 


from  this  life  vnto  a  better,  had  by  his  will  bequeathed  300"  towards  ^'''^^°-    ^^"^' 


the  convertinge  of  Infidles  Children  in  Virginia  to  be  paid  vnto 
S""  Edwin  Sandys  and  m''  lo :  Ferrar  att  such  time  as  vppon  Certificate 
from  thence  ten  of  the  said  Infidles  Children  shalbe  placed  in  the 
CoUedge  to  be  then  disposed  by  the  said  S'  Edwin  Sandys  and  lo : 
Ferrar  accordinge  to  the  true  intent  of  his  said  will,  and  that  in  the 
meane,  till  that  were  pformed  hee  hath  tyed  his  executo"  to  pay  8  p 
Cent  for  y**  same  vnto  3  seuerall  honest  men  in  Virginia  (such  as  the 
said  S"  Edwin  Sandys  and  lohn  Ferrar  shall  approve  of)  of  good  life 
and  fame  that  will  vndertake  each  of  them  to  bringe  vpp  one  of  the 
said  Children  in  the  grounds  of  Christian  reUgiou  that  is  to  say 
8''  yearely  apeece. 

An   vnknowne   pson   hath   allso   given   10"  for   some   good  vses  in  i°"  ?'"'^"  ^y  ^" 

-TT-       •     •  Vnkno^vne  pson. 

Virginia.  ^ 

Wheras  m"^  Thfer  made  knowne  that   notwithstandinge   the   gi-eate  ^^°">'  ^^^  ^°  y 
deale  of  monny  hee  hath  paid  vppon  old  debtC  yett  there  remayneth  y-'great"standin^e 
some  thinge  still  to  pay  w'^h  cheifly  is  prizes  due  to  Adventuro"  vppo  Lotterie 
the  great  standinge  Lottery  therfore  moved  that  m'  Wroth  who  hath 
taken  a  great  deale  of  j^aines  therin,  and  therby  gayned  much  experi- 
ence that  hee  would  examine  what  is  due  and  to  whome  that  y''  same 
may  be  discharged  and  y'  m"'  Brigs  when  hee  is  desyred  may  lend 
him  his  assistance.     [98] 

And  forasmuch  as  Geoi-ge  Berkleys  widdow  demaundeth  as  is  former-  -"^o"^  demamuieti 
lie  exprest  a  debt  pretended  due  vnto  her  husband  of  400"  w*  is  7 :  or  j^^.g  ^jlow 

16455— VOL  1—06 22 


336  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

The  Adito"  to  ex-  g  years  olde,  hee  desyreth  that  some  course  may  be  taken  for  the  true 

amine w  a  is  ue  gxamiuacou  thcrof  that  itt  be  truly  knowne  that  the  Complainte  ther- 

vppon  is  indebted  or  if  parte  of  itt  hath  beene  sattisfied,  w''''  was 

desyred  that  the  old  Audito"  woiild  take  that  paiues  as  most  prop 

M'  Briga  to  peruse  yn^  them,  And  all  the  Officers  of  y'  Comp" :  when  they  are  requyred 

lerwriing.        ^^^  §shall§  attend  and  beinge  given  to  vnderstand  that  shee  had 

sundry  writings  that  might  give  more  light  vnto  the  matter  m^  Briggs 

was  desyred  to  pvse  the  same,  and  when  hee  had  so  done  present  his 

opinion  to  the  Audito". 

M'  Tfer:  hauing  ^Hso  hee  signified  that  haveinge  pvsed  the  Act?  of  the  generall  assem- 

y-^generau  ^sem-  ^^Ij  li^^  fouiid  them  in  their  greatest  pt  to  be  very  well  and  iudiciually 

biy  found  them  to  carrycd  &  pformed  butt  because  they  are  to  be  ratefyed  by  a  great 

bejudiciaiiy  car-  ^^^  generall  Courte  therfore  hee  hath  write  vnto  them  that  till  then 

they  cannott  be  confirmed'  in  the  meane  time  hee  moved  that  a  select 

Comittee  of  choyce  men  might  be  appoynted  to  drawe  them  into  head 

and  to  ripen  the  buisines  that  itt  might  be  in  a  readinesse  against  the 

saide  Courte. 

A  Comittee  to  Whervppon  itt  was  held  requisite  y'  accordingly  4  of  the  Councell  & 
i,eajg  4  of  the  generallytie  should  be  chosen  for  the  effectinge  therof  w"*" 

beinge  well  allowed,  the  Councell  was  nominated,  S'  lohn  Dauers 
m'  Thomas  Gibbes,  m"'  Brooke,  and  m"'  Deputy,  of  the  generallytie 
¥^  S'  Thomas  Wroth,  m'  Samuell  Wrote,  m'  Berblock  &  m'  Cranmer 
or  so  many  of  the  Company  as  please,  who  are  entreated  to  meete  att 
m'  Deputies  vppon  Wednesday  sevennight  att  8  of  the  clock  in  the 
forenoone  and  then  to  agree  when  to  meete  and  as  ofte  as  they  please. 

2  Complaint?  pre-  ^^^  wheras  2  Complaint?  of  wronge  pltended  to  be  done  them  by  8' 

tended  to  be  done  i/i  i  ti<.  ■\       r^  ^^     ^  p   ri       t 

by   S'  George  Grco :  Ycardley  hath  beene  heard  before  the  Counsell  the  one  of  Cap 

Yeardiey.  Madison  &  the  other  of  Captaine  Powell  wherof  the  one  vppon  exam- 

inacon  did  manifestly  appeare  to  be  spleene  and  the  other  was  vppon 

title  of   Land  notwithstandinge  vppon  the  mocon  of  m"'  Tfer  itt  is 

A  Tre  to  be  written  ordered  that  a  Ire  from  the  Comp*:  shalbe  written  to  m'  Thorpe  &  y' 

to  M' Thorpe  C. 

'Written  over  the  word  "performed." 


APRIL  8,  1620  337 

Couusell  of  State  and  therin  inclose  their  said  Complaints  that  they 
may  examine  the  truth  therof  and  vppon  certificate  from  thence 
they  may  accordinglie  pceed  to  right  either  pte  accordinge  to  equitie. 

A  peticon   now  exhibited   by  y^  frends  of  ffraunces   Newman  who  '^^^  peticon  of  >•• 

beinge  sent  a  freeman  and   there  susteyninge  greate  bondage  and  jje^Lan  referr" 

slavery  by  the  means  as  is  alledged  of  Cap'  ArgoU  for  y''  cleeringe  of 

w"*"  itt  is  referred  to  the  Articles  by  the  Company  preferred  against 

him,  and  in  the  meane  time  have  agreed  to  write  to  the  Governor  for  ^'^^  Gouernor  to 

his  releasem',  If  vppon  due  examinacon  hee  finde  no  cause  to  the 

contrary.     [99] 


A  Charter  parte  by  the  Companies  order  beinge  sealed  by  m"'  Tf  er :  ^^^  Charter  party 
to  paie  600"  to  some  named  by  Captaine  Thompson  within  14  dales  to  Cap'  xh^mpJo^u 
after  Certificate  of  the  lonathanC  saffe  arivall  att  lames  Citty  and  to  be  cancelled  and 
landed  her  Passengers  goods  vppon  request  now  of  the  Owners  that  g^ip^'^f '^  '°  .^! 
hee  would  please  that  that  said  Charter  parte  might  be  cancelled  the  of  y  monny  tA  y 
monny  off,  the  monny  beinge  by  right  to  be  paid  vnto  them  the  0''i'«'^- 
Owners  and  not  to  him,  and  that  hee  would  seale  another  for  payinge 
therof  Accordingly  vnto   them,  the   Courte   appro vinge   of    itt   and 
desyringe  him  therevnto  hee  was  content  to  seale  itt  beinge  first  can- 
celled. 

lohn  Edwards  Peticon  beinge  now  read  itt  was  agreed  itt  should  be  ^°*^"  Edward?  Pe- 
recomended  to  the  Gouernor.  TaWL  SeS^^ 

ernor 

Likewise  a  peticon   of   lohn   Piddox  was  allso  recommended   to  be  ^°-  Piddocks  pe- 
examined  and  returned  hy  the  Gouerno^ 


338 


RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 


MAY  Y"  XI"  1620 


Present  Right  Hono" 


The  Lord  Cauendish. 

The  Lord  Pagett. 

m'  Thfer. 

S''  lohn  Dauers. 

gr  ^m  Throgmorton. 

S'  Henry  Rainsforde. 

S^  Thomas  Wroth. 

S'  lohn  Wolstenholme. 

m''  Deputy. 

D'  Anthony. 

D'  Winstone. 

m''  Gibbes. 

m'  George  Sandys. 

m'  TomlynC. 


m'  Bromfeilde. 
m"'  Sam:  Wrote. 
Cap'  Bargraue. 
Cap'  Bruster. 
m''  Bamforde. 
m""  Ro:  Smith, 
m'  Keightley. 
m''  Cranmer. 
m"^  Delbridge. 
m'  Bei'blocke. 
m'  Roberta, 
m""  Swifte. 


m"'  Bosewell. 
m''  Sheppard. 
m'  Meuerell. 
m''  Geo :  Smith, 
m"'  Barker, 
m'  Arundle. 


One  of  y'  natiues  The  Court,  takinge  notice  from  S''  Wilham  Throgmorton  y'  one  of  the 

S'^Tifo-  Dare^verie  ^^^i^es  w^*"  S"'  Thomas  Dale  brought  from  Virginia  a  native  of  y' 

sicke  Country  who  some  times  dwelt  a  servant  w""  a  Mercer  in  Cheapside 

is  now  verie  weake  of  a  Consumpeon  att  m''  GoughC  in  the  Black 

Friers,  who  hath  greate  care  and  taketh  greate  paines  to  comforte  her 

both  in  soule  and  bodie  whervppon  for  her  recoverie  the  Company  are 

^^'  ".^T^^''"^ ".'  agreed  to  be  att  the  charge  of  xx^  a  weeke  for  this  two  monneths,  if 

moneths  bestowed      ~  ^  . 

on  her  itt  plcasc  god  shee  be  not  before  the  expiracon  therof  restored  to 

health  or  dy  in  the  meane  season  for  y^  administring  of  Phisick  and 
CordialK  for  her  health  and  that  the  first  paym'  begin  this  day  seaven- 
night  because  m''  Thfer  for  this  years  reported  his  Accompts  were 


MA  Y 11,  1620  339 

shutt  vp,  S'  W"  Throgmorton  outt  of  his  pryvate  purse  for  the  same  ^^'  ^^estowed  on 
purpose  hath  promised  to  give  xl":  all  w     monney  is  ordered  to  he  xhrogmorton. 
paide  to  m''  Gough  through  the  good  affiauce  y"  Comp* :  hath  of  his 
Carefull  meuaginge  therof.     [100] 

M'  Thfer  signified  that  the  Ship  called  y"  Bona  Aduenture  last  dis-  The  Bona  Venture 
peeded  camo  came  not  into  the  Downes  till  Sunday  last  by  reason  co^-ues  tin  sun- 
wherof  hee  stayd  out  the  full  time  graunted  him  by  the  Company  day  last, 
duringe  w"*"  time  hee  hath  pformed  the  Companies  buisines  soe  care- 
fully that  to  his  remembrance  hee  not  omitted  any  thinge  comitted  to 
his  trust,  by  reason  wherof  hee  hath  not  done  any  thinge  to  the  lawes  "'5t'ii°g  done  to  y 
hopinge  hee  shalbe  excused  consideringe  the  buisines  for  dispatch  of 
the  Ship  was  not  to  be  suspended  w'*",  who  to  his  knowledg  is  now 
out  of  Downes  and  on  her  way  to  Virginia. 

Wheras  S'  Nath:  Rich  hath  by  order  of  the  Courte  had  some  confer-  ^'  Horatio  Veer 
rence  2 :  or  3 :  times  w*"  Generall  Cecill  aboute  an  Engineer  to  be  sent  ^'^'?'  ^^'""^se  to 

o  assist  }•'  Comp': 

to  Virginia  y^  Comp*  hath  since  dealt  w""  S'  Horatio  Veere  who  is 
allso  exceedinge  willinge  &  readie  to  assist  them  w""  his  best  further- 
ance, soe  that  by  both  their  means  they  may  be  the  better  supply ed. 

Touchinge  the  pointe  of  mitegacon  of  ymposicon  beinge  by  a  Comittee  r  mitigacon  of  the 
att  S'  Thomas  Smiths  agreed  what  course  to  take  therein  w""  by  rea-  fe^i^.'''^"" 
son  m"^  Alderman  lohnson  was  absent  itt  was  referred  till  his  Cominge 
to  the  Courte  to  vnderstand  what  is  done  in  itt  and  of  y"  successe 
therof. 

The  Order  made  by  the  Lord  Duke  and  y^  Lord  Arundell  vppo  refer-  The  order  made  by 

y'  tt'  in  V'  behalfe 

rence  vnto  them  in  y"  behalfe  of  the  S° :  and  N° :  Collonies  a  Coppy  of  >•«  s-!  and  x°; 
therof  beinge  pcured  itt  gave  not  sattisfaccon  to  the  one  Collony  or  Coiioniea    dis- 
the  other,  whervppo  for  as  much  as  the  N° :  Collony  hath  peticoned  ^      ' 
to  the  Kinge  for  obteyninge  a  new  Pattent  and  therin  to  declare  the 
one  Collony  to  have  Priveledge  w^^in  the  other  this  Comp" :  tiudinge 
themselvs  greived  therb}^  beinge  a  meanes  to  debarr  them  from  the 
ymunities,  his  Ma"^  hath  freely  and  gi-atiously  graunted  them  for 


340  RECOEDS  OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

aPeticontobeex-  matter  of  ffishiiige,  itt  is  agreed  y*  a  Peticou  likewise  be  exhibited  to 

jjao!. *'      '^    ""his  Ma""  from  this  Companj^  for  the  maiutenanee  therof,  and  that 

some  of  the  tto' :  of  the  Pryvie  Counsell  w*"''  are  of  this  Societie  be 

entreated  to  deliver  itt  from  them,  for  pformance  of  w''''  the  Courte 

hath  requested  m'  Thfer  who  hath  assented  to  see  itt  effected. 

2  men  to  be  sent  "W^iei-as  itt  was  agreed  that  two  worthie  and  sufficient  men  should  be 
^reTf"2"^art?  oi  ssut  as  Dcputics  from  the  Compa:  to  take  care  of  2  partC  of  the  pub- 
y  Pubiique  Land,  lique  Land  vizd  of  the  Colledge  and  Companies  for  the  first  itt  is 
allredy  divulged,  who  is  gone  and  of  what  worth  and  suflficiencie,  for 
the  other  although  hee  be  not  yett  goinge  hee  is  not  inferiour  to  the 
former  butt  is  yett  to  be  nameless  the  thinge  hee  stands  of  is  matter  of 
entertaynement  w''''  wilbe  no  other  charge  to  the  Company  the  allot - 
tinge  him  land  and  transportinge  him  TehntC  thervnto  and  this  beinge 
accordingly  placed  the  first  vppon  the  Companies  Land  att  Elizabeth 
Cittie  att  the  Cominge  in  of  the  River,  S"'  Georg  Yeardly  in  the  middest 
wher  the  Gouerno"  Land  is,  and  m''  Thorpe  [101]  att  the  vpp  end  of 
the  Colledge  Land :  The  pubiique  will  from  hence  forth  be  preserved 
from  the  malliee  and  pryvate  ends  of  any  one  whatsoeuer — where  vppon 
for  the  Institutinge  of  w'''',  and  agreeinge  w'*"  the  second  Deputy  for 
AComittee  j^jg  entertaynement,  the  Courte  hath  referred  itt  to  S''  lohn  Dauers, 

m''  Deputie,  m'  Samuell  Wrote,  and  m''  Delbridge,  who  are  desyred  to 
meet  att  m'  ThferC  to  morrow  att  2  of  the  clocke. 

The  rewardinge  of  rpj^^  ffecs  allowed  of  in  Virginia  by  the  Gouernor  and  Counsell  there 
referred  to  a  Com- vnto  lohu  Porey  Secretary  of  Estate  beinge  disauoued  by  the  last 
ittee  Courte  itt  was  therfore  referred  to  the  abouesaid  Comittee  to  reward 

his  labours  in  another  kinde. 

The  Comittees  for  rpj^   Comittecs  appoyuted  for  the  drawinge  and  Collectinge  of  the  Actes 

drawmjje  v'  Act?  i.  f    J  »  o 

of  y'  Genfcraii  Aa-  of  the  geucrall  Assembly  in  heads  now  reported  that  by  the  small  light 
sembiy  into  heads  given  vuto  them  how  to  pcced  they  have  done  little  therin,  and  therfore 
o  ne  >  e  lenn  (j^gyyj.g^j  j^g^^gj.  ^q  vuderstaud  their  charge,  and  that  by  reason  of  short- 
nes  of  time,  some  more  may  be  added  vnto  them  that  the  buisines  may 
An  Addicon         i^g  devided,  otherwise  itt  wilbe  hardlie  pformed,  whervppon  was  added 


MA  Y 11,  1620  341 

to  the  other  S' :  Henry  Raynsforde,  m''  Herbert,  and  m'  Bamforde,  who 
have  apoynted  to  meete  vppon  Satterday  att  m'  Thfers  att  8  of  the 
Clocke  not  only  to  collect  them  into  heads  butt  to  examine  weigh  them 
and  deliver  their  opinions  and  Judgments  of  them. 

Cap*  lohn  Bargraue  by  the  Audito"  allowance  assigned  to  m'  Elias  ^'^f'  ^°-  ^argraue 
ffoxton  one  Share  of  Land  w'"''  vppon  reporte  of  his  good  vnderstand  -  ^  m'  ^TwL  Fox^ 
inge  &  sufficiency  the  Courte  have  entreated  that  hee  ioyne  w""  the  ton  elected  to  be  a 
Comittee  Chosen  for  the  Acts  of  the  generall  Assembly.  Comittee  c. 

Docter  Winston  desyred  that  wheras  hee  beinge  Chosen  a  Comittee  to  ^^'  ^''™-  """""ote  to 
prosecute  law  against  Wye  m'  of  the  Garland  that  another  might  be  atonVrome  in  i^ 
appoynted  in  his  roome,  his  buisines  beinge  such  that  hee  could  not  cutinge  >•-  Law 
attend,  whervppon  they  have  entreated  m"^  Samuell  Wrote  to  supplie  ^s^'^^Uye. 
itt  &  ioyne  w'*"  m"^  Berblock  for  to  follow  itt  w'^''  hee  hath  assented 
to  doe. 

The  last  Courte  tytled  the  impfect  Courte  beinge  now  read  and  putt  >"  '^  ';<""^  'y- 
to  the  question  for  allowance  was  by  ereccon  of  hands  ratefled  ||and  courterateT^^*^ 
conflrmedll.     [102] 

S'  Thomas  Gates  by  5  seuerall  bills  assigned  1-i  shares  w"''  beinge  first  ^'  Tho:  Gates  u 
allowed  by  the  Audito"  the  Courte  approved  of  as  namely.  ^^^^^  '"^  ^' 


2  Shares  to  m'  Edmond  Hackett. 
1  Share  to  S'  Edward  Lawley. 
5  Shares  to  S'  Walter  Earle. 
1  Share  to  Edward  Clarke. 
5  Shares  to  Christo:  Earle. 


14 


M'  Deputy  signified  that  one  m'  Royncs  ||Poynes||,  and  m' Bartley  -  seuerall  Pattern? 
desyred  to  have  2  seuerall  Pattent^  for  land  each  of  them  w'"  their  p  j^.'^^g  ^  \  ^, 
Associates  purposinge  to  transport  Collonies  into  Virginia,  thervuto,  Bartiej- 
w"''  the  Courte  very  well  liked  of. 


342 


RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 


The  Prepakatiue  Courte  15°:  Maij  1620 


The  Right  honorable 


m'  Thfer. 
S'  Thomas  Roe. 
S'Nicho:  Tufton. 
S"'  Ferdina:  Gorge. 
S'  lohn  Dauers. 
S''  Henry  Rainsforde. 
S'Tho:  Wroth. 
S^Nath:  Rich, 
m'  Deputie. 
m''  Tho  Gibbes. 
m'  Sam:  Wrote, 
m''  Herberte. 


Present. 

The  Lord  of  Southampton. 
The  Lord  Sheffeld. 
The  Lord  Pagett. 


m''  Stewarde. 
m''  la:  Swifte. 
Cap*:  Brewster. 
Cap*:  Bargraue. 
Cap*  Warde. 
m''  Bromfeilde. 
m''  Palavicin. 
m"'  Cranmer. 
m"'  Bamforde. 
m'  Berblock. 
m"^  Holloway. 


m'  CasewelL 
m''  Swinhowe. 
m"^  Robert  Smith. 
m"^  Henry  Brigs, 
m"^  Delbrige. 
m''  WoodalL 
m"'  George  Smith, 
m''  Wheatley. 
m'  Bull, 
m""  Couell. 
m'  Spruson. 


Bills  to  be  sett  jyi'  Caswell  signified  that  by  some  of  the  Adventurers  of  the  Maga- 
chanee  "for  sale  ^^^®  ^^o  mett  lately  att  S"'  Thomas  Smiths  ordered-  was  given  that 
of  Tobacc"  and  bills  should  be  sett  vppon  the  exchange  for  sale  of  the  Tobacco  and 
Sassafras.  Sassafras,  Whervppo  att  the  times  as  was  there  exprest  for  the  sale 

of  itt,  Sundry  Adventurers  mett  att  S''  Tho:  Smiths  and  divers 
Tobac."  deuided  strauugcrs,  and  the  Tobacco  beinge  devided  into  3  sortes  and  putt  to 
new  to  m°Caninge  ^^^^  ^7  ^^®  Candle  w'^''  was  adiudged  as  f  olloweth  the  best  sort  of  new 
&  y«  oide  to  m'  Tobacco  att  ij^ — 10*^  to  William  Canninge  [103]  and  the  2  worser  sortes 
beinge  olde  Tobacco  to  m"'  Alderman  Johnson  who  bid  2  the  pound 
for  the  one  and  12**  the  pound  for  the  other  therfore  hee  was  to 
certefie  this  Courte  from  him  that  if  any  pleased  to  give  a  ob :  more 
in  a  " :  they  should  have  itt,  whervppon  grew  a  disputacon  of  the  base 


Alder:  lohnson. 


MAY  15,  mo  343 

price  itt  was  sould  for,  hoklinge  itt  more  convenyent  to  have  itt  burnt 
then  so  to  passe  w''"  by  Computacon  all  charges  beinge  borne  yeilded 
not  aboue  iiij'^  the  pound,  notwithstandinge  att  length  itt  was  agreed 
that  the  olde  Tobacco  sould  to  m'  Alderman  att  the  prices  aforesaid 
in  regard  itt  was  old  and  defective  should  stand,  and  that  the  new  The  new  Tobacco 
should  be  putt  into  the  hands  of  some  trustie  man  to  sell  itt  to  y'' h^andf^^oVso'me 
vttmoste  benefitt  of  the  Adventurers,  and  they  to  be  allowed  some  trusty  man. 
reasonable  recompence  for  their  paines,  w"''  beinge  putt  to  the  ques- 
tion for  approbacon  was  ratified  by  ereccon  of  hands. 

Wheras  this  day  was  apoynted  by  order  of  Court  for  hearinge  y**  cause  The  heannge  of 
between  Cap*  Argoll  &  Cap*:  Bruster,  the  said  Cap*  Bruster  made  his  c^ptame  Bmstera 

^  ^  ^  ^  cause  delerred. 

appearance  and  desyred  to  be  heard,  butt  forasmuch  as  Cap*  Argoll 
was  absent,  and  in  his  behalfe  was  alleaged  that  hee  desyred  to  be 
excused  in  somuch  that  hee  was  appoynted  to  attend  the  Spanish 
Ambassador,  the  Courte  vppon  the  request  of  the  said  Cap'  Bruster 
deferred  itt  till  ffryday  afternoone  next  requyring  the  Secretary  once 
more  to  give  him  notice  therof . 

And  forasmuch  as  by  a  standinge  Law  of  the  Comp^ :  itt  is  ordered  The  Compv  to 
that  when  the  Thf  er  shall  please  hee  may  appoynt  any  Quarter  Courte  ""^^*®  '"  ^''  ^'^'*' 
to  hold  both  forenoone  and  afternoone,  hee  therfore  signified,  that 
forasmuch  allso  much  buisines  is  to  be  pformed  before  the  Election  of 
Officers  that  they  would  meet  the  forenoone  for  the  readinge  and  con  - 
firminge  of  Land  and  dispatch  of  such  like  buisines,  that  the  after- 
noone might  be  solely  sett  a  parte  for  Eleccon  of  Officers  and  other 
more  weightie  buisines. 

Touehinge  the  pointe  of  mitigacon  of  Imposicon  itt  was  thought  good  >"  mitigaoon  of 
by  reason  againe  of  m''  Aldermans  absence  that  itt  be  revyved  att  the  reliUie^r'at  "••  Q: 
Quarter  Courte  vppon  Wednesday.  Courte. 

The  Comittee  appoynted  for  to  consider  of  certaine  Land  &  TeutC  w'"'  The  Comitte^s  re- 
the  Courte  thought  fitt  to  be  graunted  vnto  m^  lohn  Poreyand  therbv  ^"'^^  touehinge 

"  ^  '  *     m'  Porev. 

to  anihilate  the  intollerable  ffees  graunted  him  by  the  Gouernor  and 
Counsell  of  Estate  there  and  sent  hither  for  rateficacon  reported  now 


344  RECORDS   OF  TUE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

that  haveinge  taken  the  same  into  consideracon  they  hould  itt  requi- 
site that  for  the  present  hee  have  500  Acres  of  Land  allotted  for  him 
and  his  Sueeesso"  and  20  men  to  be  planted  thervppon  to  he  trans- 
ported att  the  Companies  charge  §Ten§  to  be  [104-]  sent  this  yeare  and 
10  next  year  w'^^''  hearafter  may  be  enlarged  as  the  Company  shall  see 
cause,  w"""  beinge  putt  to  the  approbacon  of  the  Courte  was  allowed 
and  confirmed  by  generall  consent. 

The  Conutteea  for  g^^.  ^.j^g  Comittcc  chosen  f or  the  Acts  of  the  generall  Assembly  m'' 

eraii  Assembly  Thfer  signified  that  they  had  taken  extraordinary  paines  therin,  butt 

dispensed  w'"  till  forasmuch  as  they  M^ere  exceedinge  intrycate  and  full  of  labour  hee 

Midsomer  t^rm'"  ^^  their  behalf c  desyred  the  Courte  to  dispence  w*"  them   till  the 

Quart:   Courte  in  Midsomer  Tearme  w''''  will  be  aboute  six  weeks 

hence  which  the  Courte  w""  many  thanks  vnto  the  Comittees  for  their 

gi'eat  paines  williuglie  assented  to  itt. 

Diuers  shares  Therwas   uow   divcrs   and   sundry   shares   presented    to    be    passed 
^^^^  approued  by  the  Audito"  one  bill  of  Adventure  of  10  shares  from  my 

Lord  of  Dorsett,  to  Henry  Manneringe  six  shares  to  six  seuer.all 
psons  by  Cap'  lohn  Bargraue,  one  to  S'  lohn  Thornburough,  one 
to  lohn  Collett  gen*:  one  to  Tho  Collett  gent,  one  to  Thomas  Mas- 
terson  gent,  one  to  Captaine  Lawrence  Maisterson,  and  one  to  Augus- 
tine Lynsell  Batchellor  in  Diuiuity  Tho :  Mellinge  one  Share  to  lohn 
Cuffe,  George  Peirsey  4  shares  to  X°:  Martin,  and  lastly  Tho  Harris 
to  Tho:  Combe  w*^*"  the  Court  ratefied  and  Confirmed. 

TueCompv  togiue  Wheras  the  last  Courte  made  choyce  of  m'  Sam  Wrote  to  ioyne  w'" 
in^e^here  006^^11  "^  Bcrblock  to  prosccute  law  against  m'  Wye  m'  of  the  Garland  they 
y  Admiralty.  now  acquainted  them  of  the  Custome  of  the  Admiralty,  that  every 
one  was  to  give  securitie  to  that  Courte  for  defrayinge  the  charges  of 
the  sute  if  in  case  they  were  ouer  throwne,  Whervp|)on  itt  was  agreed 
y'  the  Comp*:  should  give  their  seale  to  subiect  themselvs  to  that 
Authoritie,  and  ther  was  a  Proxi  sealed  to  the  Procter  m'  Milbury.. 


III.  Writing  of  the  First  Copyist  ^not  identified 
with  John  Ferrar's  Notes 

A  Record  of  the  Summer  Islands'  Courts,  from  the  Ferrar  Papers 


bv  ;qf^^  laiH  aril  ^o  ^nljnW-  .III 

83JoVi  ^'i/mai  niiol  H 


,-,»       .,,:,,,'-)     '.-         .    I.T 


.y  Tno 


.u   .uuuur' 


Cb 


%  >    ■*     <i 


.*^, 


:lf 


"'1:^hr:-,^ 


v_  ^ 


■■•ia\t^fei55i<*, 


1   ,      .     V      ,A.xrrJfi^'^^'  /■^^'^^^^'  /rj^^A€^kf^    ^y  y     •   /^-  .    y  ^ 

^  ^-^— /^^ 


-i',- 


V. 

If 


MA  Y 17,  IbW 


345 


A  Quarter  Courte  held  for  Virginia  at  M"  Ferrars  in 
S""  SiTHEs  Lane  the  17""  of  May  1620 


Present 


y^  Right  Honorable 


The  Earle  of  Southampton. 

The  Earle  of  Warwicke. 

The  Earle  of  Deuonsheire. 

The  Lord  Viseont  Doncaster. 

S'  Nicholas  Tuftou  Kuight. 

S'  Edwin  Sandis  kn'  Thfer. 

S'  Frauncis  Leigh  kn*. 

S'  lohn  Samraes  kn'. 

S'  Robert  Killigrew  kn*. 

S"'  lo :  Dauers  kn'. 

S'  Tho :  Cheeke  kn'. 

8'  William  Fleetwood  kn*. 

S^  Henry  CroftC  kn'. 

S^  W"  Herrick  kn*. 

S'  Walter  Earle  kn'. 

8"'  lohn  Wolstenholme  kn*. 

S''  lohn  Byngley  kn*. 

S'  Edward  Lawley  kn'. 

S'Tho:  Tracy  kn'. 


The  Lo :  Cauendish. 
TheLo:  Sheffeilde. 
TheLo:  Pagett. 
TheLo:  Houghton.     [105] 
S^  W"  Maynard  kn". 
S'  Thomas  Roe  kn'. 
S"  lohn  Merrick  kn'. 
S^  Robert  Mansell  kn'. 
S'Tho:  Grantham  kn'. 
S''  Henry  Rainsford  kn'. 
S^  Dudley  DiggC  kn'. 
S^Tho:  Willforde  kn'. 
S'  Frauncis  Egioke  kn' 
S'  Thomas  Wroth  kn'. 
S"'  Lawrence  Hide  kn'. 
S'  Natha :  Rich  kn'. 
S''  Frauncis  Kennaston  kn'. 
S^  W"  Russell  kn'. 
S^  Tho :  Button  kn'. 


m'  lohn  Ferrar  Deputy, 
lohn  Wroth  esqr. 
Edwai'd  Clarke  esqr. 
m'  D''  Anthony. 
Edward  Herbert  esqr. 


Thomas  GibbC  esqr. 
Christo :  Brook  esqr. 
m'  Do''  Gulston. 
lohn  Bargraue  esqr. 
George  Sandys  esqr. 


Nicholas  Hide  esqr. 
Christopher  Earle  esqr. 
m'  D'  Winstone. 
Samuel  Wrote  esqr. 
Henry  ReighnoldC  esqr. 


346 


RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 


m'  Arthur  Bromfeilde. 

m"'  Pereey. 

m"'  Chambers. 

m'  Edward  GibC. 

m"^  Richard  Rogers. 

m'  Barron. 

m"^  Thomas  GibC. 

m'  Tho  Keightley. 

m''  Turner. 

m"'  lohn  Smith. 

m'Tho:  Sheppard. 

m''  Goodyear. 

m''  lohn  Porter. 

m'  Henry  Brigs. 

m"'  Widdowes 

m"^  Richard  TomlynC. 

m'  lames  Berblock. 

m'  Kinge. 

m'             '  Barkeley. 

m'  W" :  Cranmer. 

m''  Shipton. 

lohn  HoUoway. 

m''  Nieho :  Ferrar. 

m^  Bland. 

Cap'  Laurence  Maisterson 

m'  Robert  Smith. 

m^  Bull. 

Cap'  Samuell  Argoll. 

m'  W":  Caninge. 

m'  Cletherow. 

Cap'  Edward  Bruster. 

m''  Nicho:  Leate. 

m'  Morrice. 

Cap'  Daniell  Tucker. 

m'  Humphrey  Handf ord 

.  m'  Price. 

Cap'  Warde. 

m'  Robert  Bell. 

m"'  Stiles. 

m"'  Barkham. 

m'  Humfrey  Slaney. 

m^  Mellinge. 

m"'  Thomas  Maisterson. 

m'  W™Leuesou. 

m''  Meuerell. 

m^  lohn  Collet. 

m''  Caswell. 

m''  Bolston. 

m"'  Edward  Pallauicin. 

m'  George  Smith. 

m'  Paulston. 

m'  Augustin  Linsell. 

m''  Edwards. 

m"'  Swiuhow. 

m"'  George  E-uggle. 

m^  Whitley. 

m'  Bagwell. 

m^  Thomas  WelK. 

m'  George  Scott. 

m'  Roberta. 

m'  Swifte. 

m""  Edmond  Scott. 

m'  Woodall. 

m''  Madison. 

m'  Chamberlyn. 

m^  CufEe. 

m'  Palmer. 

m'  Abdy. 

m'  Collett. 

m''  Barbor. 

m'  Dike. 

m"^  Buckredge. 

m''  ffishborne. 

m'  Bateman. 

m'  Darnelly.                        ' 

m''  Couell. 

m'  Morrer. 

m^  Ditchfeild. 

m''  Felgate. 

m'  Leuer. 

m'  Sy warde. 

m'^  Combes. 

m'  Wiseman. 

m'  Hackett. 

m'  ladwin. 

m'  NicholC. 
m'  Martin, 
m'  Sparrow, 
m' Peter  Arundell 
&  many  others. 

This  day  beinge  ordayned  to  be  a  great  and  generall  Quarter  Courte 
[106]  By  his  Ma'^  gratious  Ires  Pattents  for  this  Company  and  being 

'  A  blank  space  in  the  maniisrri|il. 


MA  Y 17,  1620  347 

summoned  by  m""  Thfer  to  meete  both  forenoone  and  afternoone 

accordinge  to  the  authoritie  given  him  by  the   standinge   order  of 

Courte  and  accordingly  meeting  ther  were  presented,  five  Pattents  or 

payrs  of  Indentures  for  Land  one  payr  to  the  Societie   of   Smiths  ^ 

hundred,  w*  att  a  meeting  amongst  themselvs  (in  regard  S'  Thomas 

Smith  had  assented  to  parte  w*''  his  interest  therin  so  hee  might  have  r^uers    Patents 

the  monny  hee  had  disbursed  in  that  Accon)  they  altered  the  name  ordered  to  te 

and  agreed  that  from  thence  forth  itt  should  be  called  and  tituled  sealed. 

Southampton  Hundred. 

The  second  to  Cap'  lohn  Bargraue  and  his  Associate.  ^ 

The  third  to  Cap'  lohn  Warde  and  his  Associate.  3 

The  ffourth  to  lohn  PoynC  esquire  and  his  Associates.  ■* 

The  ffifte  to  lohn  Barkley  esquire  and  his  Associates,  5 

All  which  Pattents  and  Indentures  beinge  read  were  well  approved  of 

and  beinge  putt  to  the  question  receaved  a  generall  confii'macon  agi-ee- 

ing  that  in  the  afternoone  the  legall  Seale  for  the  Company  should  be 

vnto  them  all  affixed. 

Vppon  the  moeon  of  m'  Thfer  who  signified  the  forwardnes  of  sundry  ^"ndry    Lorde 
gi'eate  Lords  to  be  assistinge  in  this  buisines  in  regard  of  the  worthy-  ^.en. 
ness  of  the  Accon  the  Courte  hath  willingly  made  choyce  of  them  to 
be  of  his  Ma'^ :  Councell  for  Virginia,  namely  the  Right  Hono*^ :  y"  Earle 
the  Earlc  of  Arundell  the  Earle  of  Deuonsheire,  and  the  Lord  Dauers. 

Three  or  f ower  Proposicons  to  be  enacted  for  orders  beinge  presented  t°'\^ Proposicons 

to   DC  di£ict&Q  lor 

to  be  considered  of  by  m''  Berblock  and  beinge  red  the  Courte  held  orders  refemi. 
them  worthy  of  deliberacon,  and  to  that  end  appoynted  a  Comittee, 
vizd:  S''  lohn  Dauers,  m""  lohn  Wroth,  m"'  Gibbes,  and  the  said  m"' 
Berblocke. 

Two  Peticons  beinge  red  one  exhibited  by  W"  Webb  Husband  thother  ™'  ^^'^^^'  "^  ""' 
by  Frauneis  Carter  both  desyringe  gratefycacon  for  their  extraordinary  ^pf^^j^  to  v'  \iidi- 
paines  they  were  both  referred  to  the  generall  Comittee  &  Audito"  to", 
who  best  can  iudge  of  their  deservinges. 

Willia  Barret  gent  assigned  to  S'  Henry  Crofts  1  Share  of  Laud  n,' Barret  assigned 

"^  ^  *'  1  share  to  S' Henry 

CroftC. 


348  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

m'   Abra:    Cart-  ^Hso  ui'  Abraham  Cartwright  surreudred  one  Share  to  m"^  Challoner 
m"ch.aiioner^  '°  ^''^  ^^^  sharss  beinge  allowed  by  the  Audito"  was  confii-med  by  the 
Courte. 

The  title  of  eieccon  Vppou  request  of  soHie  of  the  generallytie  itt  was  ordered  that  frome 
toberedi^fore^y'  heiice  forth  before  the  Corapauy  proceed  to  the  choyce  of  their  Offi- 
cers the  Chapter  or  title  of  eieccon  shall  allwaies  be  red  before.     [10*7] 

POST   PRANDIU 

S'  Frauncis  Neth-  In  the  bcgininge  of  this  Afternooue  Courte,  m''  Thfer  acqiiainted 
ersoie  to  sett  in  ^^j^gj^  ^f  Qj^e  S'  Frauncis  Nethersole  who  is  shortly  to  goe  into  Bohemia, 
and  because  hee  was  not  of  the  Comp°^ :  hee  desyi'ed  libertie  for  him 
to  sett  amongst  them  this  day  to  vnderstand  theu*  proceedings  w"*"  hee 
doubted  not  hee  would  reporte  of  elsewhere  to  the  best  w"**  the  Courte 
willinglie  assented  to. 

A  message  from  y'  Imeadiately  after  and  before  they  proceeded  in  any  buisines  one  m' 
Kinge   touchmge  j^p^kham  agent  sent  from  the  King  presented  himselfe  to  the  boord 

v*  elsccon  oftn6  . 

Thfer.  and  signified  to  the  Courte  that  his  Ma"" :  vnderstandinge  of  the  Eieccon 

of  their  Treasufor  w''''  they  intended  this  day  to  make  choyce  of,  out 
of  an  especiall  care  &  respect  hee  hath  to  that  Plantacon  hath  required 
him  to  nominate  vnto  them  ffower  outt  of  w'"*'  his  pleasure  is  the 
Company  should  make  choyce  of  one  to  be  their  Treasurer,  That  was, 
S'  Thomas  Smith,  S'  Thomas  Roe,  M'  Alderman  lohnson,  and  M' 
Maurice  Abbott,  and  noe  other. 

The  buisines  done  After  w"""  message  delivered  the  Assembly  beinge  greater  by  much 
m  the  forenoone  ^^^^  -^^s  in  the  fforeuoone,  m'  Thfear  was  pleased  to  signifie  what 

rehearsed  and  ap-  ,..  iii  t      o  ^  t^t  i  i  -ij. 

proued  of.  buisiues  they  had  done  betore  dinner,  and  thervppon  rehearsed  as  itt 

is  before  exprest  w""  beinge  now  putt  to  the  Question  receaved  gen- 
erall  approbacon. 

S'  w"  Cockaine  &  The  Courte  moreover  vppon  the  mocon  &  relaeon  by  m'  Tf er  of  y® 
r  Lo:  Bishop  of    ^g^^  redines  of  S^  W"  Cockaine  Lord  Maior  of  this  cittie,  and  of  the 

London  man  free  J  ^  .  i/-,  .i-ii  •  •  i 

Aof  y  Counseii.  Lord  Bish:  of  London  to  give  the  Comp  :  their  best  assistance  m  ad- 
vanceinge  this  Action  made  them  free  of  y^  Comp" :  and  elected  them 
allso  to  be  of  his  Ma""  Counsell  for  Virginia. 


MA  Y  17,  1620  349 

Then  proceedinge  to  the  Accoustomable  manner  the  Courts  were  red,  '^^^  allowance  of 
after  w*  m''  Thf er  signified  to  the  Courte  the  Companies  former  \^^^  ^  gouwne*2 
resolucon  for  entertaynment  of  2  new  Officers  by  the  name  of  2  Depu-  part?  of  y  pub- 
ties  to  governe  2  pts  of  the  publique  Land  in  Virginia,  one  was  m'  '"'"*  ^^^'^' 
George  Thorpe  well  knowne  to  the  Company  for  his  suffieiencie  who  ™'  George  Thorpe 
is  all  redie  gone  and  have  deputed  him  to  governe  the  Colledge  Land 
w'*"  graunt  of  300  Acres  to  be  ppetually  belonginge  to  that  place  and 
10  Tennt^  to  be  placed  vppon  the  Land,  The  other  of  the  same  worth 
now  present  called  m"'  Thomas  Nuce,  touchinge  whome  itt  was  agreed  m'Tho:  Nuce. 
that  hee  should  take  charge  of  the  Companies  Land   and  TenntC 
in  Virginia  whatsoever  and  for  his  entertaynm*  have  ordered  that 
hee  and  such  as  shall  succeed  him  shall  in  that  place  have  1200  Acres 
of  Land  sett  out  belonginge  to  that  Office,  600  att  Kiquotan,  now 
called  Elizabeth  Cittie  400  Acres  att  Charles  Cittie,  100:  att  Henrico, 
att  100:  att  lames  Cittie,  And  for  the  menaginge  of  this  Land,  have 
further  agreed  that  hee  shall  have  40:  TenntC  to  be  placed  thervppon, 
whereof  20  to  be  sent  presentlie  and  the  other  20 :  in  the  2  Springs 
ensuinge  all  w'''^  beinge  now  putt  to  the  question  receaved  a  generall 
approbacon  of  this  Quarter  Courte  who  gave  allso  to  m"'  Nuce  150" 
towards  y"  furnishinge  of  himselfe  out  for  that  place.     [108] 

And  itt  is  allso  agreed  vppon  the  request  of  m'  Nuce,  wheras  sundry  M'  Nnce  hia  re- 
gentlemen  for  his  sake  may  Adventure  their  monny  in  this  Accon  ''"^^' 
that  such  monney  so  adventured  shalbe  wholly  imployed  to  the  better 
peopoling  of  that  Land  w*  hee  hath  thus  graunted  to  him. 


Itt  was  agreed  and  Confirmed  att  this  Courte  that  m''  Porey  the  Sec-  The  Allowance  for 
retary  and  his  successo"  in  that  place  should  have  500  Acres  of  Land  ^'  Po^ey  the 
belonginge  to  that  Office,  and  20  Tennant<  to  be  planted  ther  vppon, 
wherof  Tenn  to  be  sent  this  year  and  tenn  the  next  yeare  and  the 
Secretary  there  from  hence  forward  should  receave  no  ffees  for  him- 
selfe, and  the  ffees  to  be  paid  his  Clarkes  for  wri tinge  &  other  charges 
to  be  rated  here  by  the  Courte. 

These  buisines  beinge  thus  ordered  m'  Thf  er  accordinge  to  the  stand  -  ™'  '^'^^  reiacon 
ing  Lawes  of  the  Company  before  the  giveinge  vpp  of  his  place  pro-  coiiony  4  of  y* 
ceedod  to  declare  vnto  this  Courte  the  State  of  the  Colony  together  supplies  sent  this 
w***  y®  Supplies  of  this  yeare,  and  the  present  State  of  the  Treasury,  ^^*^ 


350  BECOEDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPAXT 

how  both  hee  found  itt  and  now  should  leave  itt ;  ffirst  therfore  hee 
declared  that  it  appeared  by  a  tre  written  from  the  generall  Colony 
and  du-ected  to  this  Company  that  att  y**  latter  arivall  of  the  Ship 
called  the  Georg  in  Virginia  w'^''  was  in  Aprill  1618  the  number  of 
men  weomen  and  Children  was  about  400 :  amongst  w'^''  200  was  the 
moste  that  were  able  to  sett  hand  to  husbandry  and  butt  one  Plough 
was  goinge  in  all  the  Country  w"*"  was  the  fruite  of  full  12  years 
labour  and  aboue  one  hundred  thousand  marks  expences,  disbursed 
out  of  the  puldique  Treasurie  oner  and  aboue  el  the  some  of  betweene 
8  and  9000''  Debt  into  w"*"  the  Company  was  brought,  and  besides  the 
great  expences  of  pticularr  Adventurers. 

The  Collony  beinge  thus  weake  and  the  Treasury  §vtterly§  exhaust, 
Itt  pleased  divers  Lords  Knights,  gentlemen  and  Cittizens  (greived  to 
see  this  great  Action  fall  to  nothinge)  to  take  the  matter  a  new  iu 
hand  and  at  their  pry vate  charges  (ioyninge  themselvs  into  Societies) 
to  sett  vpp  divers  pticularr  Plantacons  wherof  the  first  of  any  moment 
now  called  Southampton  Hundred  hath  had  310  Persons  sent  vnto  itt, 
the  next  called  MartinC  Hundred  aboue  200  psons  and  some  others  in 
like  sorte  so  that  att  the  cominge  away  of  Captaine  Ai'goll  att  Easter 
i6i9  ther  were  Persons  in  the  Colony  neere — 1000 : . 

Butt  as  the  Pryvate  Plantacon  began  this  to  encrease  so  contrary 
wise  the  estate  of  the  Publiqiie  for  the  settinge  vp  wherof  about 
75000"  had  been  spent  grew  into  vtter  confusion  ||consumption||.  ffor 
wheras  the  Deputy  Gouernor  att  his  Arivall  to  that  place  w''''  was  in 
or  aboute  may  i6i7  hath  left  and  delivered  to  him  by  his  Predisessor 
a  porcon  of  publique  Land  called  the  Companies  Garden  which  yeilded 
to  them  in  one  year  about  300"  profitt,  Servants  :  54  imployed  in  the 
same  Garden  and  in  Saltworks  sett  vpp  for  the  service  of  the  Collony, 
TennautC  81  yeilded  a  yearly  rent  of  Corne  &  [109]  services,  w''" 
Rent  Corne  together  w"*  the  Tribute  Corne  from  the  Barbarians 
amounted  to  aboue  1200  of  our  bushells  by  the  yeare,  Kine  80:  GoatC 
88 :  — Aboute  2  years  after  vizd  Easter  1G19  att  the  Cominge  away  of 
the  said  Depu'^ :  Gouernor  this  whoil  State  of  the  publique  was  gone 
and  Consumed  ther  beinge  not  lefte  att  that  time  to  the  Company 


MAT  17,1630  351 

either  the  land  aforesaid  or  Any  Tennant,  Servant,  Rent,  or  Trybute 
Corne  Cowe,  or  Saltworke  and  butt  six  Goates  onely  w^'outt  one 
penny  yeilded  to  the  Company  for  their  so  great  losse  in  way  of 
Accompt  or  restitucon  to  this  very  day. 

This  is  allso  further  to  be  knowne  that  wheras  aboiit  2 :  or  3 :  3'ears 
before  ther  had  been  sent  home  to  the  Company  within  Compass  of 
14  monneths  eleven  seuerall  Comodities,  they  were  by  this  time  all 
reduced  to  two  namely  Tobacco  and  Sassafras,  and  the  plantinge  & 
providinge  of  Corne  soe  vtterly  neglected  that  the  dearth  grew  exces- 
sive, had  not  the  same  beene  §spedilie§  releived  from  hence  with  200 
quarters  of  meale  sent  thither  att  one  time  by  the  Magazine,  and  this 
was  the  State  of  the  Colony  in  Virginia  in  Easter  Tearme  1619,  att 
w"''  time  hee  was  chosen  to  their  service  in  this  place. 

What  in  this  year  hath  beene  pformed  by  the  Company  for  the 
Advancement  of  the  Plantacon  least  hee  might  faile  in  memorie  and 
reporte  of  the  severall  numbers  hee  hath  reduced  into  writinge  w"*" 
hee  then  plsented  and  read  to  the  Courte  the  Tenor  wherof  here 
ensueth.' 

A  note  of  the  Shippinge  Men  and  Prouisions  sent  to  Virginia 
by  the  Treasuror  and  y**  Company  Ann"  1619 

The  Bona  Noua  of  — 200'  Tunn  sent  in  August  i6i9  w""     —120:  Persons  Shipps 

The  Dutie  of  — 070'  Tunn  sent  in  January  i6i9  w*  — 051  psons 

The  Jonathan  of  — 350-  Tunn  sent  in  ffebruarj'  i6i9  w^ — 200  psonns 

The  Tryall  of  —200-  Tunn  sent  in  ffebruary  i6i9  w'^— 040  psons  &  60  Kine 

The  ffaulcon  of  — 150'  Tunn  sent  in  ffebruary  i6i9  w"' — 036  psons  52  Kine  &  4  mares 

The  Marrhant  of  London— 300-  Tunn  sent  in  March  1619  w'"    —200  psona 

The  Swan  of  Barnstable  —100-  Tunn  in  March— 1619  w""  — 071  psonns 

The  Bona  Venture  of        — 240-  Tunn  sent  in  Aprill  1620  w""     — 153  psonns 

Besides  these  ssett  outt  by  the  Treasuror  and  Company  ther 
hath  beene  sett  outt  by  particularr  Adventurers  for  pryvate 
Plantacons. 

The  Garland  of  250 — Tunn  sent  in  Ivne  1619  w*  45  Personns  who  are 
yett  deteyned  in  the  Summer  Islands.     [110] 

'The  greater  part  of  this  report  was  printed.     See  List  of  Records,  nos.  92,  183,  pagea  131  and  141,  anie. 
16455— VOL  1—06 23 


352  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 


'^00  Personns 


A  Ship  of  Bristoll  of  80  Tunn  sent  in  Septemb^  1619  w'''— 45  Personns 
Therare  allso  two  Ships  in  providinge  to  be  shortlie 
gone  for  about  300  Personns  more  to  be  sent  by 

pryvate  Adventurers  to  Virginia 

Sume  of  the  Persons 1261 

Wherof  in  eight  Ships  sett  out  by  the 
Thf  er  and  Company 871 

Of  these  there  are  sent  for  Publique  and  other  Pious  uses  these 
People  ensuinge. 

Tenants  for  the  Gouernors  Land  (&  besides  50 

sent  y"  former  Spring) 080 

Tenants  for  the  Companies  Land 130 

Tenants  for  the  Colledge  Land 100 

Tenants  for  the  Mynisters  Gleab  Land 050 

Young  Maydens  to  make  wives  for  soe  many  of 

y"  form9  Tennant^ 090 

Boyes  to  make  Apprentises  for  those  Tenants 100 

Servants  for  the  Publique 050 

Men  sent  by  their  labo"  to  beare  vp  the  Charge 

of  bringinge  vpp  thirty  of  the  lujfidles  Children  \  050 

in  true  religion  and  Civilitie 


•■'a'- 


Sum  of  y^  Persons  for  Publique  Vse  is 650 : 

The  6ii  remayninge  are  sentt  for  pryvate  Plantacons 

Comoditiea  The  Comodities  w"*"  these  people  are  dyrected  principally  to  apply 

(next  their  owne  necessary  mayntenance)  are  these  ensuinge 

Iron  for  w''*'  are  sent  150  psons  to  sett  vpp  three  Iron  work^  proofe 
haveinge  beene  made  of  the  extraordinary  goodnes  of  that  Ironn. 
Cordage  for  w*^*"  besides  Hemp  and  fflax  direccons  is  given  for  Plant - 
inge  of  Silkegrass  naturally  growinge  in  those  parts  in  great  aboun- 
dance  w*  is  approved  to  make  the  best  Cordage  and  Lyne  in  the  world 
of  this  every  houshold  is  bound  to  sett  100  Plants  and  the  Gouerno'' 
himself  e  to  sett  5000. 


MA  Y  17,  1620  353 

Pitch  and  Tarr:  Pott  Ashes,  and  Sope  Ashes,  for  the  makinge  wherof 
the  Polackers'  are  returned  to  their  work^. 

Timber  of  all  sorts  w""  Masts  Plankes,  and  BordC  for  pvision  of  Ship- 
pinge  and  ther  beinge  not  so  good  Timber  for  all  vses  in  anyone 
knowne  Country  whatsoever  and  for  the  ease  and  encrease  of  Divers 
of  those  workC,  provision  is  sent  of  men  and  materially,  for  the  set- 
tinge  vpp  of  Sundry  Sawinge  Mills. 

Silke  for  w''*'  that  Country  is  exceedinge  prop  haveinge  innumerable 
store  of  Mulberie  Trees  of  the  best,  and  some  Silkwormes  naturally 
found  vppon  them  pduceinge  excellent  Silke  some  wherof  is  to  be 
seene. 

ffor  the  settinge  vpp  of  w*  Comoditie  his  Ma^""  hath  beene  gratiouslie 
pleased  now  the  second  time  (the  former  haveinge  miscarryed  to 
bestowe  vppon  the  Company  plenty  of  Silkewormes  seed  of  his  owne 
store  being  the  best .     [HI] 

Vines  wherof  the  Country  yeildeth  naturally  greate  store  of  sundry 
sorts  w'^*'  by  Culture  wilbe  brought  to  excellent  pfeccon  for  the  effect - 
inge  wherof  dive"  skillfull  VigneronC  are  sent,  w""  store  ailso  from 
hence  of  Vine  plants  of  y'  best  Sorte. 

Salte  w"""  worke  haveinge  lately  been  suffered  to  decay  are  now  ordered 
to  be  sett  vpp  in  soe  greate  plenty  as  not  only  to  serve  the  Collony  for 
y^  present  but  itt  is  hoped  in  short  time  allso  the  great  fishinge  on  those 
Coastes. 

ffor  the  followinge  workinge  and  pfectinge  of  these  Comodities  all 
pvisions  necessary  for  the  present  are  sent  in  good  aboundaiice.  As 
likewise  the  People  that  goe  are  plentifully  furnished,  w'*'  Apparrell, 
Beddinge  Victuall  for  6  moneths.  Implements  both  for  house  and 
labour,  Armour  Powder  and  many  necessary  provisions,  provision 
allso  is  made  for  those  of  the  Collony  w"''  were  there  before,  yettw'''- 
out  any  pliudice  to  the  fformer  Magazine. 

Ther  haue  been  giuen  to  y"  Colony  this  yeare  by  Deuoute  Persons 
these  guiftes  ensuinge. 

'This  word  is  written  over  the  word  "Polanders." 


354 


RECORDS   OF  THE  YIROINIA  COMPANY 


GuiftC 


Two  Persons  vnknowne  have  given  faire  Plate  &  other  rich  Ornam" 
for  tM'o  Communion  Tables,  wherof  one  for  the  Colleclge,  and  the  other 
for  the  Church  of  M"  Mary  Robinson^  foundinge,  who  in  the  fformer 
year  l>y  her  will  gave  two  hundred  pounds  towards  the  foundinge  a 
Church  in  Virginia. 

Another  vnknowne  pson  (together  w""  a  goodly  letter)  hath  latly  sent 
to  the  Thfer  550'' :  in  gold  for  the  bringinge  vpj)  of  Children  of  the 
Infidles  first  in  y*"  knowledge  of  God  &  true  religion,  &  next  in  ffitt 
Trades  wherby  honestly  to  live. 

M"'  Nicholas  Ferrar  deceased  hath  by  his  will  given  300" :  to  the  Colledge 
in  Virginia  to  be  paid  when  ther  shalbe  tenn  of  the  Infidles  Children 
placed  in  itt,  and  in  the  meane  time  fower  and  Twentie  pound  by  year 
to  be  distributed  vnto  three  discreet  and  godlie  men  in  the  Colony  av"'' 
shall  honestly  bringe  vpp  three  of  the  Infidles  Children  in  Christian 
Religion  and  some  good  course  to  live  by. 

An  Vnknowne  Person  sent  to  the  Thfer  the  sume  of  Tenn  pound  for 
advanceinge  the  Plantacon. 

Ther  haue  been  PattentC  graunted  this  yeare  for  Perticular  Plan  - 
tacons. 


PattenK  1  To  m'  Wincopp 

2  To  m''  Heath  Recorder  of  London 

3  To  Doctor  Bohunn 

4  To  m'  Delbridge 

5  To  m'  Tracie 

6  To  m^Peirce 

7  To  m'  Poynte 

8  To  m'  Barkley 

9  To  Southampton  Hundred 

10  To  Captaine  Bargraue 

11  To  Captaine  Warde 


Who  have  vndertaken 
to  Transporte  to  Vir- 
ginia great  multitudes 
of  People  w"'  store  of 
Cattle. 


[112] 


MA  Y 17,  1620 


355 


After  w*""  writinge  beinge  read  in'  Thef er  pceeded  to  declare  vnto  the  ^''  ThreK  decia- 
Courte  the  State  of  his  Accompt,  aswell  for  the  Companies  generall  ^^i°^^^  Aca.mp'  & 
Cash  as  for  the  Cash  of  the  Colledge,  and  first  hee  sayth  hee  hath  of  y  Cash. 
receaved  no  warrant  for  dishursraentof  their  monney  butt  such  as  hee 
knew  to  be  iust  and  necessarie  that  in  the  booke  of  Accomp'  w'^^''  hee 
exhibited  to  the  Courte  Audited  and  apjjroved  by  5 :  of  the  7  Audito", 
and  the  other  two  beinge  away  hee  hath  sett  downe  distinctly  the 
pticularr  reasons  as  well  of  his  severall  receipts  as  of  his  Severall 
Disbursm'^''  the  breife  wherof  ensueth. 

Recip'^  for  the  generall  Cash. 

li 

Remayninge  of  the  last  year 0111 

Old  Debts  &  duties  recovered 1442 

Bills  of  Adventure 0037 

Lottery  monney 7000 

ffor  Passengers  &  ffraight  w"'  some  Cattle 

sould 0809 

Monney  Lent  repayde 20 

Of  the  Citty  for  a  hundred  Children  sent  to 

Virginia 400 

Monny  given 0010 


s 

d 

12 

02 

04 

01 

10 

00 

00 

00 

08 

08 

00 

00 

00 

00 

00 

00 

Sumis 9830 ; 


14: 


11 


DisbursmentC  out  of  the  Generall  Cash 

Old  Debts  and  Duties  discharged 3707' 

Settinge  out  Ship  men  and  Provision 6598 : 

Officers  wages 0112" 

Petty  charges  layd  out  by  the  Officers 0013 : 


Sumis 10431 : 


Receip'^  for  y"  Colledge 2043  2043 : 

DisbursmentC  for  the  Colledge 1477 : 


17 

02 

00 

06 

10 

00 

OG 

11 

14: 


02: 
15: 


07 


05 


356  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

The  Comp-  lefte  j^j[r  Thfei"  allso  declared  that  for  any  buisines  done  in  his  yeare  hee 

not  oi 
debt. 


one  peun>  in  ^^^  ^^^^  lefte  the  Comi/ :  to  his  knowledge  one  penny  in  Debt  except - 


inge  phapps  the  remayne  of  some  charges  att  Plymoth  wherof  the 

Acconipt  was  not  yett  com  in  and  exceptinge  that  w*""  should  grow 

due  vppon  the  fraight  of  Ships  accordinge  to  the  Contracts  made  w"" 

1200"  in  stock  for  ^jjgjj^  |jy  ^j^^  Cotu'te,  and  lastly  that  hee  had  lefte  in  Stocke  for  the 

then  "  y   former  vse  of  the  Lotteries  twelve  hundred  pound  more  then  was  lefte  the 

yeare.  former  yeare. 

M'  Deputies  Ac-  ggg  peeeded  then  to  declare  y*  dive"  gi"eat  Somes  haveinge  by  warf nt 

i^n's'booiu.  been  paid  out  by  him  to  m''  Deputy  to  be  disbursed  by  him  and  the 

Comittees  for  furnishinge  men  and  pvisions  to  Virginia,  ther  was  by 

m'  Deputy  exhibited  to  y*  Courte  an  exact  Aecompt  of  his  doinge 

The  first  Accomp'^pj^gggg^j  -^^  three  book^,  wherof  the  first  was  an  Aecompt  of  the 

of    V'    pticulara  "I  .        ,  n      n       i  i         i    •  t    i  n         ^.h    i        l     i 

all  'y'  monny  by  pticulars  ot  all  the  mouy  by  him  disbursed  w     had  beene  examyned 
him  disbursed,      and  approved  as  well  by  the  Comittees  as  by  the  Audito"  as  appeared 
vnder  their  hands.     [113] 

The  Second  a  Cat-  rpj^g  Sccond  was  a  booke  conteyninge  a  Cattalogue  of  Invoyces  of  all  y° 
voycea.  provisions  sent  this  yeare  to  Virginia  sett  downe  in  exact  manner 

after  the  vse  of  Marchauuts. 

The3»:Contayned  Tj^g  third  booke  couteyueth  a  Cattalogue  of  the  names  of  all  the 
names  of^^v'^Pe^-  pso^s  seut  this  yeare  att  the  publique  charge  to  Virginia  together 
Bons  sen'  to  vir-  with  their  seucrall  Coiintries  Trades  and  Ages,  hee  could  not  butt  very 
gmia  at  y'  pub-  gj-g^tlie  comcud  m''  Deputy  for  his  fldelitie  care  and  Industry  who 

uque  charge  °  .    .  .  . 

negleetinge  his  pry vate  buisines  had  employed  his  whole  time  together 
w""  the  great  help  and  assistance  of  his  brethren,  in  pforminge  so  well 
his  charge  full  of  incredible  trouble. 

Lastly  his  respec-  Lastly  hee  coiicluded  w""  his  respective  thanks,  first  to  the  Comp*  in 

tiue  thanks  to  the  n    i>         j.i      •       i  •         i_       •  i   •  i     j.i  i.-       i       i      j.       i.i. 

Company  &°.  gencrall  tor  their  love  m  chosinge  him,  and  then  pticularly  to  the 
Lords  for  their  so  frequent  presence  to  the  graceinge  of  the  Courte, 
and  great  assistance  in  the  buisines;  To  the  Officers  for  their  fayth- 
full  ioyninge  w"*  him  in  the  supportinge  of  his  burthen,  and  againe 
to   the  Courte  in   generall  for   their  patience   in   bearringe  w*""  his 


MA  T  17,  1620  357 

vnwillinge  erro"  &  other  naturall  infirmities,  so  deliveringe  vpp  his 
Office  togeather  w*^"  the  Sealls  hee  desyred  the  Courte  to  pceed  in 
Eleccon  of  their  Thfer,  accordinge  to  the  message  lately  receaved 
from  his  Ma'^':  and  thervppon  w'Mrew  himself e  out  of  Courte. 

Vppon  w"*"  this  great  and  generall  Courte  found  themselvs  vppon  »  ^he    Eieccon   of 

deliberate  consideracon  of  the  matter  att  an  exceedinge  pinch  for  if 

they  should  not  doe  as  the  Kiuge  had  commaunded  they  might  incurre 

suspicon  of  defect  in  poynte  of  duety  from  w"*"  they  protested  they 

were  and  would  be  free,  one  the  other  side  if  they  should  proceed 

accordinge  to  the  lymittC  of  that  message  they  suffered  a  gi-eate  breach 

into  their  Prevyledge  of  free  Eleccon  graunted  to  them  by  his  Ma'' : 

letters  Pattents,  w"''  they  held  fitt  rather  to  lay  downe  w""  all  dutie 

and  submission  att  his  Ma""':  ffeet  then  to  be  depryved  of  their  pryve- 

ledge,  and  thervppon  pvsinge  the  said  tres  Pattents  after  longearguinge 

and  debatinge,  itt  was  concluded  by  generall  ereccon  of  hands,  that 

the  eleccon  might  and   should  be  Adiourned  to  the  next  Quarter 

Courte   notwi"'standing  any   order   made  by   the   Company  to   the 

contrarie. 

Whervppon  forasmuch  as  itt  mauyf estly  appeared  that  his  Ma"" :  hadd 

beene  much  misinformed  of  the  menaginge  of  their  buisines  this  last 

yeare,  Itt  was  agreed  accordinge  to  the  opyniou  aforesaide  that  the 

day  of  Eleccon  should  be  putt  of  till  the  next  great  generall  Courte 

some  six  weeks  hence  in  Midsomer  Tearme,  and  till  they  vnderstood 

the  KingC  farther  pleasure,  And  in  the  intrym  they  humbly  entreated 

the  Right  Honorable  y"  Lord  of  Southampton,  Vyscouut  Doncaster,  AComitte«todraw 

The  Lord  Cauendish,  y*^  Lord  Sheffield,  S^  lohn  Dauers  S^  Nicholas '^^ ?'."":|''.7'^^^^'^^ 

'    ■'  '  to  hia  Ma"': 

Tufton,  S'  Lawrence  Hide,  m'  X°:  Brook  m""  Gibbes  m'  Herbert, 
m''  Keightley,  and  m''  Cranmer  to  meet  vppon  ffryday  morninge  att 
Southampton  house  to  determine  of  an  humble  answere  vnto  his 
Ma*' :  message  and  to  deliver  to  him  a  true  informacon  aswell  of  the 
former  as  of  this  [114]  latter  years  gouerment  of  the  buisines  for 
Virginia  beseechinge  allso  that  his  Ma"":  would  be  pleased  not  to  take 
from  them  the  Pryveledge  of  their  tres  Pattents  butt  that  itt  might 
be  in  their  owne  choyce  to  have  free  eleccon. 


358  RECORDS   OF  THE  YIROINIA  COMPANY 

S'  Edwin  Sandys  Vppoii  w'"  till  his  Ma" :  pleasure  were  knowne  S'  Edwin  Sandys  after 
tniht^a'^'pieL^u"  Diueh  and  ernest  refusall,  att  length  vppon  ernest  request  of  y^  whole 
was  knowne  and  Courte  hee  yeilded  to  sett  down  in  his  former  place  j^ett  forbearinge 
all  other  Officers  ^^  receave  the  Sealcs  againe  or  to  putt  any  thinge  to  Question  and  all 

continued.  ,.,  .  •  i     -m     i  • 

other  Officers  were  likewise  continued  till  the  same  time. 


y  buisines  Con-  \\x  was  agreed  beinge  putt  to  the  question  y'  by  reason  of  this  Occasion 
that  notwithstandinge  any  order  the  bui 
of  the  Clock  should  this  day  be  of  force. 


t«  of  force*'  ^  ^  ^^''^^  notwithstandinge  any  order  the  buisines  concluded  of  after  six 


Cap'  Argoii  &  Cap-  j^^  ^^s  agreed  y'  the  buisines  betweene  Cap'  Argoll  and  Cap'  Bruster 
de^errd.  should  be  deferred  till  Twesday  att  2 :  of  the  clocke  and  then  per- 

emptorily heard  w^ut  further  delay. 

S'  Edw:  Sandy?,  gr  j](j-^iji  Sandy s  made  2  requests  one  that  wheras  att  returne  of  the 
reques  .  Certificate  from  the  Ships  ther  wilbe  due  to  pay  2150":  for  which 

>■'  °°®  ^°'"  2^^'^"  himselfe  and  m''  Deputy  are  engaged  that  for  their  secuiyty  such 
stands  ingaged  Lottery  monny  as  hearafter  commeth  in  may  be  paid  vnto  them  to 
for.  y*  Sume  w'^''  beinge  putt  to  the  Question  was  ratefyed. 

y  other  y-  hee  ^\^q  other  that  for  the  quietness  of  his  mynde  and  rest  of  his  body 
y"'counTry.  liec  might  have  libertie  after  the  Tearme  to  retire  himselfe  into  the 

Country  vnto  w"**  y*  Comp^:  promised  to  give  answer  att  the  next 

Courte. 

M'  Wrotes  mocon  Vppou  the  mocou  of  m'  Samuell  Wrote  that  such  monney  as  is  layd 
for  layinge  out  of    ^^^  ^    j^-^  ^  ^^r  Berblock  in  the  psecuting  law  against  Wye,  m^Thfer 

monny    in    prose-  •'  s^  o  o  .;     i 

lu  tinge  La  we  might  pay  the  same  by  warrant  to  them  the  Court  held  itt  very 
againste  Wye.  reasonable  that  if  they  vndertooke  to  follow  itt  att  their  request  they 
should  beare  their  charges  therfore  itt  was  generally  agreed  to  as 
allso  vppon  their  requeste  now  made  vnto  the  Courte,  The  Company 
were  willinge  &  assented,  that  if  the  said  m''  Wrote,  and  m'  Berblock 
did  enter  into  bond  in  the  Admiralty  Courte,  accordinge  to  the  Cus- 
tome  therof ,  the  Conip* :  should  give  vnto  the  said  m'  Wrote  and 
m'  Bearblock  vnder  their  Common  scale  authoritie  to  prosecute  the 
sute  and  sufficient  assurance  to  save'  them  harmless.     [115] 

'  "Save"  is  written  over  the  word  "have." 


MAT  S3,  1620 


359 


An  extraordinary  Courte  helde  for  Virginia  y" 
23^"  OF  May  1620 


Present 
The  Right  Hono" 


The  Earle  of  Southampton. 
The  Lord  Cauendish. 
The  Lord  Sheffeild. 
The  Lord  Pagett. 


m''  Deputy, 
m''  Gibbes. 
D'  Gulstone. 
D'  Winstone. 
Cap*^  Maynwaringe. 
Cap'  ArgolL 
Cap'  Tucker. 
Cap'  Brewster. 


S''  Eduard  Saekvile. 
S"'  Edwin  Sandys. 
S'  Nicholas  Tufton. 
S""  Henry  Rainsforde. 
S^  Thomas  Wroth. 
S'  Walter  Earle. 
S'  Fraunces  Lee. 
S'  lohn  Wolstenholme. 


m"'  George  Sandys. 
m'  Sam:  Wrote, 
m''  Palavicine. 
m'  Rob'  Smith, 
m"'  Gabriell  Barbor 
m'  Bearblocke. 
m"'  Delbridge. 
m"'  Casewell. 


m''  Swifte. 
m''  Louell. 
m"'  Meuerall. 
m""  Woodall. 
m'  Bull, 
m"'  Sparrow, 
m''  Mellinge. 


M''  Thf er  desyred  that  before  they  pceeded  into  other  buisines  hee  ^^'  Threre  reiaoon 
might  speake  a  few  words  for  the  Cleeringe  and  iustifyinge  himself e,  "a^^'^ppo^^i'^^ 
ffor  wheras  itt  is  divvlged  that  hee  should  incense  the  Spanish  Ambas-  hee  should  iiuens^ 
sador  against  Gap'  Argoll  ||Capt  Argall||  as  allso  against  ||the  Lo :  North  ^'^5|;''"'2„^,J"cr"' 
and||  Cap'  North  his  brother  hee  vowed  and  protested  that  hee  never  Argoii  and  c«p' 
did  see  the  Spanish  Ambassador  butt  in  the  streets  nor  never  sent  or  North, 
received  any  message  to  or  from  him  neither  li'e  or  any  other  Avrit- 
inge,  Whervppon  in  his  b4tj  behalfe  itt  was  said  itt  was  impossible  to 
be  him,  itt  beinge  sett  afoote  when  hee  was  in  the  Country,  butt  that 


360  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

ther  were  so  many  of  these  Aspsions  that  this  is  no  wonder,  and  that 
if  they  had  their  right  they  deserved  to  receave  condigne  punishment 
for  rumoringe  such  falsities. 

Cap'  Arpoii  and  This  day  beinge  apoynted  by  order  of  Courte  was  spent  in  hearinge  the 
their  Caulehird"^  Cause  between  Captaine  Argoll,  and  Captaine  Edward  Brewster  touch - 
inge  his  Condempnacon  att  a  Marshall^  Courte  in  Virginia,  att  such 
time  as  Captaine  Argoll  was  there  Deputy  Gouernor :  the  pceedinge 
wherin  will  appear  by  the  sentence  of  the  Courte  w"*"  att  the  request 
of  Captaine  Brewster  was  ordered  to  be  sett  downe  in  writinge  and 
sealed  w""  the  Seale  of  the  Company. 

The  sentence  of  the  Courte  touchinge  Cap'  Brewsters 
Condempnation . 

The  sentence  of  y  The  Threasuror,  Counsell,  and  Company  of  Aduenturers,  &  Planters 
Cap'  Brewster?  ^^  ^'^^  Cittic  of  Loudou  for  the  fiiirst  Collony  in  Virginia,  To  all  vnto 
Condempnacon:  whome  thcse  preseuts  shall  com  to  be  scene  or  heard  Greetinge, 
Wheras  Captaine  Edward  Brewster  hath  heartofore  exhibited  aswell 
to  the  said  Counsell,  as  allso  to  the  said  Thfer  and  Comp*:  assembled 
in  their  generall  Courte,  a  Complainte  in  nature  of  an  Appeale  against 
Cap'  1 1  Samuel  1 1  Argoll  late  Deputy  Gouernor  of  Virginia  and  from  a 
sentence  of  Death  awarded  against  ||the  sd||  Cap'  Brewster,  by  a  Mar- 
shall Courte  in  Virginia  called  and  assembled  by  the  said  Cap'  Argoll 
y^  fifteenth  day  of  the  monneth  of  October  1618:  w''''  sentence  the 
said  Cap' Argoll  in  [110]  his  answere  to  the  said  Complainte  may- 
teyned  to  be  iust  and  good :  ffor  the  hearinge  and  finall  orderinge  of 
w''*'  cause  in  varience  after  \_the^  exaninaco  and  deposicons  had  and 
taken  att  the  Tryall  of  the  said  cause  in  Virginia,  togethe'  w""  the 
pceedings  and  sentence  of  the  said  Marshall  Courte  by  vertue  of  a 
Comission  by  vs  gi-aunted  were  returned  from  Virginia;  And  after 
divers  dales  of  hearinge  formerly  sett  downe,  and  adiourned  from  time 
to  time  vppon  default  of  appearance  of  the  said  Cap'  Argoll ;  Itt  was 
now  lastly  ordered  in  a  great  and  generall  Coiu-te:  Commonly  called  a 
Quarter  Courte  held  the  seaventeenth  day  of  May  1620,  that  on  the 
twesday  ensuinge  pemptorily  and  w'^'out  more  delay  in  a  generall 
Courte  to  be  summoned  for  y'  purpose  the  said  Cause  should  receave 
a  full  and  finall  hearinge  and  determinacon. 


MA  Y  23,  1620  361 

At  w''''  day  beinge  the  three  and  twentieth  day  of  the  said  monneth 
of  May  in  a  great  Courte  held  by  the  Thfer  and  Company  wheratt 
were  present  The  Right  Hono'^,  Henry  Earle  of  Southampton,  Wil- 
ham  Lo:  Cauendish  Edmond  Lord  Bheffeild,  WilHam  Lo:  Pagett,  S'' 
Edw :  Sackveill  knight  W  Frauncis  Leigh  knight  of  y"  Bathe,  S'  Nich- 
olas Tufton  knight  S'  Edwin  Sandys  knight,  S''  lohn  Dauers  knight 
S''  Henry  Rainsford  knight  S'  Frauncis  Egioke  knight,  S'Tho:  Wils- 
ford  knight,  S'  Tho :  Wroth  knight  S'  Walter  Earle  knight,  S^  lohu 
Wolstenholme  knight,  S"'  Henrie  Maynwaringe  knight,  W  Edward 
Lawley  knight,  Thomas  Gibbes  esqr  George  Sandys  esquire,  Samuell 
Wrote  Esqr  M'  lohn  Ferrar  Deputy  and  a  great  nomber  of  the  geuer- 
allitie  of  the  said  Company:  the  said  Cap'  Edward  Brewster,  and 
Cap*:  Samuell  Argoll  beinge  psonally  present,  after  a  full  hearinge  as 
well  of  the  said  Cap*  Brewster  as  of  the  said  Cap'  Argoll  w""  then- 
seuerall  Declaracons  and  allegations  on  both  sides  and  after  mature 
deliberacon,  and  weighinge  of  the  wholl  Cause,  w""  the  Comissions 
Deposicons  and  other  writinge  pduced  Itt  was  by  vs  the  said  Thfer 
Counsell,  and  Company  finally  ordered  and  determyned  as  here 
ensueth. 

Forasmuch  as  itt  appeareth  by  his  Ma'"" :  Lres  Pattents  bearinge  date 
the  three  and  twentieth  day  of  May  in  the  Seaventh  year  of  his  ]\Ia" 
raigne  of  England  C.  That  all  proceedings  in  matter  of  Justice  to  be 
vsed  and  exercised  in  Virginia  are  to  be  framed  as  neer  as  may  be 
agreable  to  the  Lawes,  pollicie  and  forme  of  Grouerment  of  this 
Realme  of  England,  and  that  the  graunt  of  the  vse  of  Martiall  Law 
in  Virginia  is  in  the  said  Lres  Pattents  expreslie  restrayned  to  the 
cases  only  of  Rebellion,  and  Mutenie  in  like  sorte  as  his  Ma'^  Lieu- 
tenants in  the  seuerall  Counties  of  England  have  power  by  then- 
Comissions  to  exercise  the  same,  Which  declaracon  of  his  Ma''  royall 
pleasure  touchinge  the  manner  of  Administracon  of  Justice  in  Vir- 
ginia was  expreslie  incerted  in  the  Comissionu  for  the  place  of  Gou- 
ernor  graunted  to  the  said  Lo :  Lawarr  vnto  w*""  Comission  and  the 
seuerall  Clauses  therin  conteyned,  the  Comission  for  beinge  Deputy 
Gouernor  graunted  to  the  said  Captaine  Argoll  had  manifest  refer- 
rence:  And  Forasmuch  allso  as  itt  did  no  lesse  playnlie  appeare,  and 


362  RECORDS  OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

was  generally  acknowledged  that  att  the  time  of  the  said  Tryall  in 
Virginia  the  Country  people  there  had  and  enioyed  an  vniuersall 
peace  and  tranquilly  tie  at  home  and  abrode.     [117] 

And  moreouer  itt  appeareth  by  the  pceedings  and  sentence  of  the  said 
Martiall  Law  Courte  authentically  certified  and  returned  to  vs  as  allso 
of  the  examinacons  ther  had  and  taken,  that  the  said  Martiall  Courte 
pceeded  against  the  said  Cap'  Edward  Brewster  vppon  the  two  and 
thirtieth  Ai'ticle  of  their  Martiall  Law  sett  downe  in  these  words 
vizd,  no  man  shall  offer  any  Violence,  or  contemptiously  resist  or 
disobey  his  Comaunder,  or  doe  any  Act  or  speake  any  wordes  which 
may  tend  to  the  breedinge  of  any  disorder,  or  Muteny  in  the  Towne 
or  Feilde,  or  disobey  any  prineipall  Officers  directions  vppon  paine 
of  death  And  that  the  fault  wherwith  the  said  Cap'  Brewster  was 
charged  and  w"*"  was  iustified  against  him  by  two  wittnesses,  namely 
Thomas  Parsmore  and  lohn  Lampkin  was  words  importinge  matter 
of  Disobedience  and  opposicon  to  the  said  Captaine  Argoll  not  in  his 
place  of  Gouerment  butt  in  matter  of  pryvate  varience  aboute  the 
TehntC  and  servants  of  the  said  Lo :  Lawarr  then  deceased  w''*'  beinge 
sett  on  worke  by  the  said  Captaine  Argoll,  the  said  Captaine  Brewster 
(vppon  allegacon  that  by  order  from  the  said  Lo :  Lawarr  they  were 
to  be  sett  to  worke  and  gouerned  by  him,  would  have  withdrawne 
from  the  worke,  whervnto  they  were  sett  by  the  said  Captaine 
Argoll,  and  have  placed  elsewhere  to  gett  Clothes  for  themselvs,  and 
so  to  follow  their  worke  for  behoofe  of  the  executo''^  of  the  said  Lord 
Lawarr  and  his  fellow  Adventurers  w'^  some  Collerieke  and  threat - 
ninge  speeches  vsed  against  the  said  Thomas  Parsmore  for  refusiuge 
to  go  w'^  him,  butt  not  against  the  said  Captaine  Argoll  for  ought 
that  appeareth  in  the  said  examinaeon ;  And  lastly  itt  appeareth  by 
the  Certificate  of  the  said  pceedings  that  some  of  the  said  Court 
houldiug  those  Martiall  LawC  to  be  verie  strict  and  seueere  made  a 
mocon  to  sue  and  entreat  the  said  Cap'  Argoll  to  save  the  said  Cap- 
taine Brewste"  life,  where  vnto  all  were  verie  willinge  and  the 
Mynisters  then  present  ioyned  w""  them  therein,  And  that  after 
much  entreatie  &  many  allegaeons  by  the  said  Captaine  Argoll,  in 
the   end  they   plvayled  w"'  him  so  much  that  they  pcured  his  life 


MAY  23.  1620  363 

vppon  some  condicons  as  appear  in  the  said  Captaine  Brewsters  Oath 
written  w""  his  owne  hand  and  sent  thither  w'"  the  said  Certificate, 
In  w"""  Oath  among  other  things  expreslie  conteyned  that  th(;  said 
Cap'  Brewster  should  not  direetlie  or  indirectlie  in  England  or  else- 
where vtter  anie  Contemptuous  wordes  or  doe  any  thinge  that  might 
turne  to  the  dishonour  or  disparragment  of  the  said  Lord  Lawarr 
or  y"  Plantacon  or  of  the  present  Gouernor  which  was  the  said  Cap* 
Argoll. 

And  that  the  said  Captaine  Brewster  should  returne  no  more  to 
Virginia  by  any  direct  or  indirect  meanes:  All  which  Prouisoes 
beinge  duely  weighed  and  considered  the  said  Courte  in  fine  pceeded 
to  deliver  their  resolucon :  that  the  said  pceeding^  against  the  said 
Captaine  Edward  Brewster  were  vniust  and  vnlawfull,  and  not  war- 
rantable either  in  matter  or  forme  by  the  Lawes  of  this  Realme,  or 
by  any  power  or  authoritie  dery ved  from  his  M"" :  and  that  itt  did  not 
any  way  appeare  to  the  said  Courte  that  the  said  Cap'  Brewster  either 
by  the  Deeds  or  words  wherw""  hee  stood  charged  att  the  time  of  the 
said  Tryall  by  the  said  Martiall  Courte  did  any  waie  deserve  the  seueere 
penaltie  of  death,  and  that  the  manner  [118]  of  the  said  tryall  by 
Martiall  Law,  and  in  a  Martiall  Courte,  beinge  in  time  of  soe  generall 
peace  and  no  rebellion  or  mutyney  was  to  be  held  for  vnlawfull  and 
of  no  validitie  and  consequentlie  the  said  Captaine  Brewster  was  to 
be  held  as  a  legall  man  and  not  lawfully  condempned  the  sentence  of 
the  said  Martiall  Court  (from  w"''  the  said  Captaine  Brewster  hath 
apealled)  notwithstandinge ;  The  substance  of  w'''' opinion  and  reso- 
lucon of  the  said  Court  beinge  first  seuerally  delivered  by  the  said 
Lords,  KnightC,  and  others  of  the  said  Couucell  there  present,  was 
finally  approved  and  ratefied  by  the  said  Generall  Courte  by  a  generall 
ereccon  of  hands  no  one  dissentinge  except  m''  Thomas  Wroth. 
And  att  the  humble  request  of  the  said  Captaine  Brewster  itt  was 
ordered  by  the  said  Courte  that  this  Acte  of  the  said  Covu't  should  be 
exemplyfied  vnder  their  Legall  Scale. 

And  wheras  allso  the  said  Captaine  Argoll  att  such  time  as  hee  was  ^"^f"'  -^"^i' 
Gouernor  of  Virginia  writ  a  ter  vnto  S'  George  Yeardley  here  in 
England,  and  w^'all  sent  sundry  Copies  to  his  great  infamy  and  dis- 


364 


RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 


gi'ace  the  said  Tre  by  approbacon  of  this  Courte  was  sent  back  to  the 
Councell  of  State  rcsydent  in  Vii^ginia  to  examine  the  trueth  thereof, 
w""  S'  George  Yeardleyansweringe  the  same  beinge  long  since  returned 
was  now  read. 

S''  Henry  Maynwaringe  assigned  5  shares  of  Land  vnto  S'  Edward 
Sackiiill  knight  w"""  the  Court  ratefied  and  confirmed. 

M'  Anthony  Orby  by  his  bill  assigned  2  shares  to  S'  Nicholas  Tufton 
knight  w''''  likewise  was  allowed  by  the  Courte. 

2  Pet  icon?  de- Two  PeticouC  exhibited  demaundinge  monny  of   the  Company  w"*" 
maunding  monny  ^-^      pretend  due  vuto  them  one  Tenn  years  and  the  other  six  was 

referd  to  the  Au-  •'    ^  '' 

ditore  referred  to  the  Audito"  to  examine  and  reporte  what  they  finde,  vnto 

the  Courte.     [119] 


A  Courte  held  for  Virginia  the  last  of  May  1620 


S^  Edward  Sackvill. 
S''  Edwin  Sandys. 
S'  Baptist  Hicks. 
S'  Henry  Rainsford. 
S'Tho:  Wroth. 
S^Io:  Wolstenholme. 
m"'  Deputie. 
m'  Gibbes. 
D'  Winstone. 


Present. 

m'  George  Sandys, 
m''  Oxenbridge. 
m''  Buckley. 
Cap'  Bargraue. 
Cap'  Brewster. 
Cap'  Warde. 
m"'  ReighnoldC. 
m'  Bamforde. 
m"'  Sam  Wrote. 


m'  Caninge. 
m''  Casewell. 
m''  George  Smith, 
m''  lo:  Smith, 
m"'  Briggs. 
m^  Bull, 
m'  Foxton. 
m''  Arundle  & 
divers  others. 


:j  Proiect?  pre-  Three  ProiectC  beinge  plsented  in  writinge  to  m''  Thfer  it  pleased  him  to 
v^"  1-  fr.Mii  ui'  deliu^them  vnto  this  Courte  where  beinge  red  the  first  from  m'  W° 
"paim.r  for  a  fitt  Pallmer  touchiug  the  orderinge  of  Tobacco,  and  of  a  very  fitt  man 
man  for  planting  ^amed  m''  SomerscalK ;  who  is  very  skillfull  in  curinge  that  Plant 
wherby  itt  may  be  made  more  pfitable  then  itt  is ;  Whervppon  the 


MA  Y .?/,  16W  365 

Coiirte  have  entreated  a  Comittee  to  treate  w'"  the  said  Snmerscales 
aboute  itt,  vizd.  S'  lohn  Dauers,  m'  Deputy,  m'  Gibbes,  m'  Wrote, 
m'  Palmer,  m'  Casswell,  m'  Georg  Smith. 

The  Second  from  m'  Englebert  touchinge  an  Engine  devised  by  him  ^"'r;'''"'"  ^'^^^ 

for  plservinge  the  Plan ta(5on  from  force  of  Armes,  was  likewise  referred 

to  a  Comittee  that  is  to  say  S^  Edward  Sackuill  S^  lohn  Dauers,  S^  *  Comittee. 

Henry  Rainsford,  S'  Hen:  Manwaring  m'  lo:  Wroth,  m'  Tho  GibbC, 

m"'  Wrote,  m''  Brigges,  and  m'  Berblocke. 

The  third  by  one  m''  Thomas  More,  for  the  makinge  of  Sope  Ashes,  y'  3:  by  m'  Tho: 

pottashes  secondly  for  the  sowinge  of  fflax  and  the  right  orderinge  of  "  °'^' 

itt:  Thirdly  for  the  imploym'  of  Weavers,  fourthlie  for  the  sowinge 

of  Hemp  and  the  orderinge  of  itt,  was  allso  referred  to  be  considered  ^  Comittee 

of  by  m""  Christopher  Cletherow,  m'  Bland,  m'  Cranmer,  m'  Bull,  m' 

Sheppard,  m"'  Caswell,  and  m''  Mellinge. 

A  tre  was  now  red  directed  to  m'  Thf er  from  S''  Tho :  Smith  S'  lohn  ••^  ^re  red  from  S' 
Wolstenholme,  and  m''  Alderman  lohnson  desyringe  him  to  discharge  wo^isteThoim  a 
y"  ffraught  of  the  George  they  standinge  engaged  for  the  Company  by  m^  a  Merman 
Charter  partie  to  see  itt  discharged  the  Magazine  haveinge  paid  the 
Company  200"  ffor  fraught  of  Passengers  and  goods. 


lohnson. 


Butt  forasmuch  although  the  George  was  entertayned  by  the  Com- 
pany yett  shee  was  employd  and  dcteyned  there  by  the  Magazine  and 
what  benefitt  shee  there  reaped  fe  by  Passengers  ffraught  ffishinge, 
and  otherwise  was  putt  into  the  hands  of  Albraha  Peirsey  the  Cape 
Marchant,  for  w"''  the  Adventurers  there  must  be  answerable.  And 
forasmuch  allso  as  the  Accompt  therof  cannot  for  many  impediments 
be  yett  pfected  and  that  both  Treasuries  are  Empty  of  Cash,  m"^ 
Ewens  of  necessitie  must  have  a  little  patience  to  forbear  itt  a  while 
longer.     [120] 

The  sentence  of  the  last  Courte  beinge  drawne  vp  and  engrosed  of  The  sentence  of  r 
disanuUinge  of  the  Condempnation  of  Captaine  Brewster  by  a  Mar-  am,iiing'^  of'' cap' 
tialk  Courte  in  Virginia  summoned  by  Cap*  Samuell  Argoll  att  such  Brew.-^tcK  Con- 
time  as  he  was  Deputy  Gouernor  there,  and  beinge  now  read  att  the  dempnacon  read, 
place  to  this  effect  that  the  wholl  Courte  agi-eed  Captaine  Brewster 


366  BECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

to  have  been  vuiustly  proceeded  against  both  in  forme  and  matter, 

S'Tho:  Wroth  ex-  ^nd  consequeutlie  remaynes  still  a  legall  man  not  one  dissentinge,  S'' 

cepcon  Tho:  Wroth  onely  tooke  excepcon  to  these  words  (not  one  dissentinge) 

In  somuch  as  hee  now  professed  himselfe  to  be  of  a  contrary  opynion, 

and  y*  att  that  time  hee  held  vpp  his  hand  against  yt,  And  that  the 

reason  therof  was  for  that   Capt  Ai'goll  alleadginge  that  hee  had 

S'  Tho  Wroths  ai-  answered  Captaine  Brewster  in  Writinge,  that  writinge  of  Cap'  Argolk 

legacona  opposed  ^^g  ^^q^^  re2i(\.  att  the  hearinge  of  the  cause ;  Against  w""*  Allegacons 

^^  ^  of  S"^  Thomas  Wroths  the  wholl  Courte  did  generally  oppose  averringe 

that  hee  did  not  uphold  ||vp||  his  hand  against  the  sentence  seeinge  if 

hee  had  so  done  itt  must  have  been  seen  by  some  of  the  Courte  w*^*" 

itt  was  not,  no  not  [owe]  of  them  w''"'  on  purpose  did  observe  him    And 

that  when  m''  Thfer  did  openly  pronounce  that  the  wholl  Court  was 

agreeinge  no  one  dissentinge  itt  had  been  then  fitt  time  for  him  to 

have  declared  his  dissentinge  w''''  hee  did  not. 

And  for  his  allegacon  touchinge  Cap*  Ai-golK  writinge  itt  was  answered 
that  the  writings  exhibited  in  this  Cause  by  Cap'  Brewster  and  ||bj^|| 
Captaine  Ai-goll  were  not  exhibited  to  the  Courte  att  all  butt  long 
since  to  the  Counsell  and  by  order  of  the  Counsell  were  sent  to  Vir- 
ginia wth  a  Comission  for  returninge  of  their  pceedings  in  that  case, 
by  vertue  wherof  the  wholl  pcesse  w""  examinacons  of  wittnesses  was 
returned,  w""  examinacons  were  all  read  openly  att  the  hearinge  of 
the  cause,  and  the  former  pceedings  of  the  Martially  Courte  might 
have  been  read  if  itt  had  beene  desyred,  butt  because  the  tryall  itt 
sellfe  by  a  Martialk  Courte,  was  disaproved  their  manner  of  pceed- 
ings was  not  regarded :  And  if  the  same  had  been  read  itt  would  have 
cleerly  appeared  that  they  pceeded  against  Cap'  Brewster  hot  by  ver- 
tue of  the  Laws  of  England  butt  vppon  the  32  Article  of  y"  Martiall 
Laws  of  the  Low  Countries,  by  w"*"  Disobedience  to  any  principall 
Officer  was  made  death :  and  the  Disobedience  of  Cap'  Brewster  was 
in  Commaundinge  the  Lo :  Lawarres  men  then  vnder  his  charge  from 
the  works  vnto  w""  they  were  sett  by  Captaine  Argoll  to  the  works 
for  w''*'  they  were  sent  by  the  said  Lo:  Lawarre  and  his  ptiners,  Butt 
that  the  hearinge  of  this  cause  betwene  Cap'  Brewster  and  Captaine 
Argoll  was  onely  by  word  of  mouth  on  both  sides  and  not  by  writinge 


MAY 31,  mo  367 

and  that  both  pties  were  heard  att  large  and  w*"  all  indifferrencie ; 
Notwithstandinge  the  Court  was  content  so  much  to  sattisfie  S''  The 
Wroth  that  an  excepconof  him  should  he  incerted  att  that  clause,  and 
further  vppon  the  said  Cap'  Brewsters  request  have  agreed  that  a 
Duplicate  of  the  said  sentence  shalbe  sent  to  Virginia  to  shew  y'  hee 
stands  cleere.     [121] 


The  Company  gave  their  bond  to  m"'  Samuell  Wrote  and  m''  lames  a  bond  sealed  to 

ni'    Wrote 
Bearblock. 


Berblock  to  bear  their  charge  and  save  them  harmeless  in  the  sute  °''  ^^  '"'"*^  *  ™' 


comenced  by  them  againste  m""  Wye  and  Sealled  itt  with  their  legall 
Seale  in  the  presence  of  the  Courte. 

M''  Treasuror  declared  that  att  the  last  Quarter  Court  for  the  Suiner 
IlandC  betweene  the  time  of  giveinge  vp  of  the  Gouerno"  place  and 
the  new  choyce  of  a  Gouernor,  makinge  offere  to  present  some  matter 
to  the  consideracon  of  that  Courte  concerninge  (as  hee  conceived)  the  ^i'  ThfeK  Decia- 
great  daunger  of  those  Hands,  butt  beinge  then  stopped  by  some  of  ^^^j^'j'j  yi'^a'^! 
that  Courte  from  the  deliverie  hee  would  reveale  itt  to  this  beinge  a  ger  it  stands  in 
buisines  w"*"  maynly  coucerneth  Virginia,  for  see  longe  as  the  same 
Hands  shalbe  in  safftie  itt  is  probable  that  none  will  attempt  to  siu-prize 
Virginia,  butt  now  as  the  case  standeth  the  Somer  Iland^  is  much 
frequented  with  men  of  Warr  and  Pirates,  w"'  whome  the  Inhabit- 
ants there  are  growne  in  greate  likinge,  by  reason  of  the  Comodities 
they  bringe  vnto  them,  insomiich  that  by  a  letter  from  one  of  their 
Mynisters  dyrected  to  S''  Thomas  Smith  and  red  in  open  Courte  the 
robbinge  of  the  Spanyards  (as  beinge  lyms  of  Antechrist)  is  greatly 
comended:  And  y^  Ship  called  the  Treasurer  after  her  robbinge  of 
the  Spanyard  belonging  to  Captaine  Argoll,  is  there  entertayued  and 
divers  men  of  Warr  sett  out  to  the  same  end  are  there  refreshed,  one 
Kerbie  allso  a  profest  Pyrate  as  is  reported  doth  haunt  those  Islands 
insomuch  as  if  ther  be  not  a  strict  Course  taken  herin  itt  wilbe  made 
an  other  Argier.  Therfore  beinge  a  buisines  of  State  and  a  matter 
of  that  consequence  those  Islands  beinge  the  salftie  of  Virginia  as 
aforesaid,  his  conscience  tolde  him  that  by  their  Oath  they  were 
bound  to  acquainte  his  Ma"" :  Priuie  Councell  therw""  to  have  theh- 
advise  and  direccon  therin  Butt  forasmuch  as  S'  Thomas  Smith  is 

16455— VOL  1—06 24 


368  RECORDS  OF  THE  YIRGINIA  COMPANY 

Gouernor  of  y'  Comp* :  itt  was  desyred  y'  hee  might  be  acquainted 
therwith,  to  know  if  itt  were  his  pleasure  to  make  choyse  of  some 
other  of  the  Somer  IlaudC  Societie  to  accompany  them,  Whervppo  m"' 
Casewell  and  m''  Georg  Smith  were  entreated  to  know  S""  Thomas 
Smiths  pleasure  herin  and  in  y®  meane  time  this  Courte  have  nomi- 
nated S'  Edward  Sackuill,  S'  lohn  Dauers,  ni'  Thomas  Gibbs,  m' 
Deputy,  D'  Winstone,  m^  Wrote,  and  m'  Berblock  to  repayre  vnto 
the  Lords  att  such  time  as  they  know  S'  Tho :  Smiths  resolucon.  [122] 

S'ThomasGate?.  3  gjp  Thomas  Gatcs  by  two  seuerall  bills  assigned  3  Shares  to  S'  Henry 
Ldnsforde  iTto  Raiusford  and  other  three  to  Edward  Morgan  of  London  Brewer  w"" 
Edw:  Morgan       the  Audito"  havcing  approved  the  Courte  now  confirmed. 

The  Baiiatinge  ;^jr  Dcputy  signified  that  wheras  the  Ballatinge  Box  was  sent  to  y* 
S'^Tho^Smtth.  "^  Sumer  Iland^  Courte  of  Eleccon  to  doe  them  at  that  time  a  pleasure, 
hee  vnderstandeth  that  S'  Thomas  Smith  deteyneth  the  same,  wher- 
vppon  in  regard  itt  was  given  to  this  Societie  by  m'  Holoway  who  in 
gratefycacon  therof  bestowed  vppon  him  a  Share  of  Land  of  xij"  x° 
they  thought  good  to  appoynt  m''  Berblock  and  m''  Nicholas  Ferrar  to 
demaund  itt  of  the  said  S'  Thomas  Smith  w''*'  if  hee  refuse  to  deliver 
then  to  take  some  other  Course  for  the  obteyning  therof. 

A  Ire  from  y»  La:  ^  j^e  directed  to  S"^  Edwin  Sandys  from  the  Lady  Lawarr  was  now 

to  be  pa^se^i  to  m'  ^^^  siguifyiuge  that  wheras  m'  William  Waller  of  London  Marchant 

Waller.  had  Advcutured  xij"  x°  w**"  her  Lord  6  or  7  years  sithence  desyred 

this  Courte  that  that  share  might  be  deducted  from  her  Ladiships 

Accompt  and  past  to  the  Accompt  of  the  said  William  Waller,  w*  y* 

Courte  willingly  assented  vnto  and  confirmed. 

DntchMiiiwrights  jyjr  Thfer  signified  vnto  the  Courte  that  m'  Deputy  had  procured 
ough!  ""  "'^"  Dutch  Carpenters  from  Hamborough  men  skillfull  for  the  erectinge 
of  Sawinge  Mills  who  were  shortlie  to  come  for  England  and  to  goe 
for  Virginia  for  the  vse  and  benefitt  of  the  Company  to  sett  vp  Saw- 
ynge  Mills  there,  for  w'^''  the  Company  gave  him  thanks  as  a  thinge 
of  great  benefitt  and  Comoditie  to  the  Collony,  And  appoynted  that 
the  Comittees  should  be  acquainted  w""  the  bargaine  and  take  order 
for  them  when  they  come. 


JUNE  33,  1620 


369 


23  IVNIJ  1630 

A   COURTE   HELDE 


Lord  of  Southampton. 
Lord  Cauendish. 
Lord  Sheiffeild. 
S'  Edwar:  Sackuill. 
S'  Edwin  Sandys. 
S^Nicho:  Tufton. 
S'  Willia  Fleetwood. 
S'lo:  Wolstenholme. 
S'  Walter  Earle. 


Present 

the  Right  Hono* : 

m--  Tho  Gibbes. 
m"^  Deputy. 
D'  Winstone. 
m'  Wrote. 
Cap'  Bargi'aue. 
m''Hen:  Reignold^. 
Cap'  Brewster, 
m''  Ditchfeild. 
m"^  Ro:  Smith, 
m"^  Berblock. 


m'  Caswell. 

m'  Paulson. 

m'  Geo:  Smith. 

m'  Briggs. 

m'  Cranmer. 

m'  Bland. 

m''  Palmer. 

W'"  Diuers  others. 

[123] 


M'  Thfer  signified  vnto  them  that  the  Bona  Noua  being  com  from  The  Br.na  Noua 
Virginia  brought  very  good  news  that  the  Plantacon  inioyed  Peace  ^*"™ 
health  and  plenty,  but  by  reason  of  his  exceedinge  much  other  buisi- 
nes  haveinge  not  yett  pvsed  the  Ires  hee  could  reporte  no  more  att 
present  vnto  them  but  hoped  to  do  more  hearafter. 

Hee  allso  acquainted  the  Courte  of  a  very  difficult  worke  and  of  great  The  Adventurers 
importance  w'"  was  referred  to  himself e  and  D^  Winstone  of  Collect-  "r*"!  ^'^'^  '° 

a  booke 

inge  all  the  Adventurers  from  the  begininge  into  a  booke  to  be  putt 
in  print  as  now  determyned.' 

And  wheras  sundry  fowle  aspcons  have  been  laid  vppou  Virginia  to  AnApoiopietoeet 
the  disgrace  therof ,  And  to  that  end  itt  was  ordered  that  an  Apologie  ^°^^ 
should  be  sett  outt  hee  tould  them  that  both  that  and  the  other  would 
com  forth  verie  shortlie  in  w'^''  there  had  been  taken  a  gi'eat  deale  of 
paines  as  to  them  who  should  please  to  pvse  itt  would  appeare. 

'  This  list  was  printed  under  the  date  of  this  Court.     List  ot  Rerords,  no.  183,  page  141,  ante. 


370  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

ni'Whittakersand  jjgg  haveinge  receaved  notice  of  the  good  carriage  of  some  psonns  in 
Comended.  '^^  °"  Virginia  was  specially  to  recomend  vnto  them  one  m'  labez  Whittak- 
ers  Leivetennat  of  the  Companies  men  who  had  given  a  good  Accompt 
of  the  trust  reposed  in  him  likewise  m''  Huddlestone  m'  of  the  Bona 
Nona  who  discharged  himselfe  well  of  all  that  was  reposed  to  his 
tinist  and  returneth  much  comended  from  the  Gouernor  and  Counsell, 
as  one  of  the  sufiicientestC  M''"  that  ever  came  thither. 

The  Comittees  re- rpj-^g  Comittee  (apoynted  to  treat  w""  m'  Somerscales  toiichinge  the 

SomersMieT^'pTO-  Proicct)  deliu9d  that  they  have  had  conferrence  w***  him,  and  they 

iect  said  that  the  attayninge  of  his  ends  is  by  raysinge  a  Stock  to  be 

adventured  of  1.5000"  for  w"*"  hee  would  drawe  a  Preamble  and  present 

itt  to  the  Courte  for  so  many  as  pleaseth  to  vnderwrite. 

M'Egeibert  rpj^^  ^^^^^  Comittee  haveiuge  Conferrence  w'"  M'  Eglebert,  S'  lo: 
Dauers  deliu^ed  y'  hee  thought  him  to  be  a  fitt  man  and  sufQcient  for 
that  hee  vndertaketh  and  haveinge  receaved  his  Demaunds  in  writings 
presented  them  to  the  Court,  w''*'  beinge  red  was  referred  to  y^  said 
Comittee  to  consider  of  againe  w"*  him  against  y'"  Preparative  Courte. 

The  Comittees  re-  Touchinge  the  Proiect  of  m"^  More  for  the  makinge  of  Sopeashes  Pott- 
More.  ashes  and  the  Plantinge  of  Hemp  and  fflax  C  the  Comittee  haveinge 

speech  w"*  him  reported  that  for  the  mayntenance  therof  itt  did  not 
much  disagi'ee  from  the  manner  of  the  former  raysinge  a  Stocke  for 
y'  purpose  but  by  reason  hee  is  gone  to  be  a  while  absent  itt  remayneth 
to  be  further  expected. 

A^  wntinge  from  ^  writiugc  beingc  sent  from  m''  Crashaw  intimatinge  of  one  that  will 
make  Comodities  in  Virginia  of  good  worth  w''*'  shalbe  marchantable 
in  all  places  of  the  world  was  referred  to  the  said  m"'  Crashaw  and  m' 
Deputy  to  conferr  w"'  him. 

one  desired  to  haue  j^^  ^^^  allso  made  kuowue  that  therwas  another  who  desyred  to  have 

V  soleimportacnn  t^  •  •  j?  h 

of  a  Comoditie  not  the  solc  importacon  of  a  Comoditie  not  now  m  vse  for  7  years  for  w 
now  in  Vse.  j^gg  -^ri]}  g^ye  to  the  Company  100"  p  Annii  and  plant  25  men  every 
yeare  for  the  said  7  years,  and  att  the  expiracon  of  the  said  tearme 
will  resigne  itt  vpp  to  the  Company  w""  beinge  now  considered  of 
was  referred  to  S'  lohn  Wolstenholme,  S"'  lohn  Dauers  D'  Winston, 
m''  Gibbes  and  m''  Cranmer  to  treat  farther  w*"  him.     [124] 


JUNE  ^3,  1620  371 

S'  Edwin  Sandys  farther  moved  that  wheras  itt  is  allredie  agreed  y'  ^he  Goaerm'  of  >- 

y®  Gouerni*  of  the  Companies  pticularr  Land  is  taken  from  S"'  George  to°hrcare^fCap"t: 

Yeardly  not  that  hee  held  him  vnfitt  for  the  managinge  therof  hutt  >'use. 

by  reason  of  his  many  other  buisinesses,  vnto  w"''  place  they  have 

deputed  Captaine  Nuse  agreeinge  to  send  20  men  w""  him  presentlie 

for  his  owne  benefitt,  and  20  more  herafter  as  they  have  formerly 

deputed  m''  Thorpe  w""  allowance  of  tenn  men  to  gouerne  the  Colledge 

Land,  And  because  the  Secretary  should  not  exact  any  thinge  from 

the  Inhabitants  nor  receave  any  fees  himself e  neither  his  Clerks  (butt 

such  as  this  Courte  shall  order) ,  itt  was  agi-eed  allso  that  hee  should 

have  tenn  men  forthwith  sent  him.therfore  moved  that  for  the  send-  lomento  be  sent 

to  V*  S6cr6t&]*it^ 

inge  of  these  40  men  a  Ship  might  presentlie  be  dispatched,  and  that 
70  more  might  be  added  vnto  them  to  make  vpp  the  130  vppon  the 
Companies  Land  full  200  Personns  there  beinge  means  for  the  pform- 
ance  of  itt,  w"*"  although  theris  some  difficulties  to  send  att  this  time 
of  the  yeare  by  reason  of  victualling  the  Ship,  w"*"  yett  w""  good  care 
and  providence  may  be  ouercom,  and  the  passage  more  daungerous 
in  respect  of  heate  then  att  other  times,  yett  for  the  people  to  come 
ther  in  the  beginninge  of  winte""  itt  is  verie  advantagious  for  them  to 
pceed  in  their  laboures  and  more  wholsome  for  them  then  to  Land  att 
other  times  of  the  Year,  desyi-inge  those  that  shall  succeed  him  to 
send  no  base  men  as  allso  if  they  thought  well  of  this,  that  then  no 
money  be  issued  till  this  be  pformed.  And  that  2000"  might  be  paid 
into  the  Comittees  immediately  from  the  Lotteries  w"''  being  well 
aproved  w'^out  any  opposicon  being  putt  to  the  question  was  gener- 
ally allowed  of. 

A  note  beinge  read  wherin  the  Magazine  Adventurers  desyred  this  -'^  Adicon  to  a 
Courte  to  appoynte  a  Comittee  to  ioyne  w'"  some  they  had  allredie  touching  r  >ia^a- 
made  choyse  of  for  eleeringe  the  Accompts  betwixt  them  aboute  the  m\e  .uc": 
George  that  the  Maister  and  Owners  therof  may  receave  sattisfaction 
itt  was  very  well  approved  and  to  that  end  have  nominated  m''  Deputie, 
m'  Wrote,  m'  Cranmer,  m'  Briggs  and  m'  Bland  to  end  not  onely  this 
butt  what  difference  else  in  matter  of  Acc°:  may  be  betweene  the 
Company  and  the  Magazine,  and  to  meete  vppon  Twesday  morninge 
att  8  of  the  Clock  att  S^  Edw :  Sandys. 


372  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

A  former  order  of  The  Order  of  Coiirte  beinge  read  wherin  S'  Tho :  Wroth  declared  him- 
Tho:  ^\'l-of""dis-  selfe  to  be  of  a  contrary  opinion  in  the  Cleering  of  Cap'  Brewster  was 
sented  in  opinion  said  by  m"'  Thfer,  and  m'  Deputy  to  be  vntruely  sett  downe  to  the 
said  to  be  vntruiy  ^^.pQj^gg  ^f  ^}jg  Courte  as  many  other  orders  had  tornaerlie  beene  and 

sett  downe  ^  '' 

that  itt  was  penned  by  another  and  not  by  the  Secretarie  for  certify - 
inge  of  w"""  itt  was  referred  to  S'  Edward  Saekvill  and  m'  Deputy,  and 
for  that  w''''  m''  Thfer  hath  duly  done  in  rectefyinge  the  orders  the 
Court  hath  now  approved  and  given  him  thanks  for  the  same. 

^•'"'afir'Tyt-  "^^^  Comittees  appoynted  by  the  Virginia  Court  and  y"^  Sumer  IlandC 
ginia  &  So:  Hands  Courte  to  Cousider  of  the  best  Course  for  the  saf etie  both  of  Virginia 
desired  to  meet     ^ud  the  Summer  IlandC  are  entreated  to  meete  att  S'  Tho:  Smiths 
uppo  Twesday  in  the  Afternoone  att  3  of  the  Clocke.     [125] 

The  Comitt«es  for  iphe  Comittee  for  the  Orders  pisented  by  m"'  Berbloek  are  desyred  to 
by  m'  Berbloek  to  Hieete  att  S''  Edwin  Sandys  vppon  Satterday  att  4 :  of  the  Clocke. 

meet 

mony  p"  into  m'  jyjy  Lq  Caucndish  uow  paid  to  m"'  Thfer  for  y'  w""*  was  owinge  by  sub  - 
scripcon  50" :  m'  Tho :  Bond  brought  in  37" :  10' :  lohn  Zouch  esqr  25" 
and  m'  lohn  Ferrar  12" :  10' :  in  all  125" :  bills  beinge  sealed  in  open 
Courte  vnto  them  for  the  said  somes,  and  allso  their  seuerall  bills 
beinge  allowed  by  the  Audito"  were  passed  oner  to  sundry  men :  34 

sundry  bills  ai-  gharcs  by  S'  Thomas  Gates,  vizd  to  S'  Phillip  Cary  14 :  to  m'  Fraunces 
u  p  se  .  (^j^g^ji^jjgj.  5 ;  to  m''  Henry  Box :  3 :  to  m"^  Thomas  Vyner :  2 :  to  m'  Wil- 
liam, m''  Arthur,  and  m''  Thomas  Swaine  3,  to  m'  W"  Swayne  one,  to 
TcH  Anthony  Biddolph  one,  to  m"'  Georg  Clerk  one  to  M'  William  Wat- 
son one,  to  M'  Richard  Greenway  one,  to  m"'  lohn  Laurence  one,  to 
m"'  Thomas  Stubbins  one.  Likewise  4  shares  to  m"'  lohn  Halsey  vizd 
to  m'  Richard  Lambe  one  to  m'  lohn  Lamb  one,  to  m''  lohn  Budge 
one,  to  m"  Thomas  Wetherell  one  Lastly  one  share  to  m''  Phillip 
lermyn  esq'  by  Cap'  Bargraue. 

4  Dutch  Carpen-  M'  Thfer  acquaiutcd  the  Court  y'  the  4  Dutch  Carpenters  pcured  by 
rs  com  ouer       ^  DcputyC  mcaus  f or  erectinge  of  Sawinge  Mills  in  Virginia  are  now 
com  ouer  for  the  service  of  the  Company  and  that  in  this  next  Ship 
are  fitt  to  be  shipped  thither. 


JUNE  26, 16m 


373 


26  lUNIJ  1620. 

At  a  Court  then  helde  was 


right  Hono™ : 


S'  Edward  Sackvill. 
S"'  Edwin  Sandys. 
S'  Dudley  Diggs. 
S'Nicho:  Tnfton. 
S'  lo:  Dauers. 
S'  Phillip  Gary. 
S'H:  Fleetwood. 


Present 

Earle  of  Southampton. 
Lord  Sheffeild. 


m''  lohn  Wroth. 

m'  Gibbes. 

m"'  Deputy. 

m''  George  Sandys. 

D^  Winston. 

ni'  Herbert. 

m"^  Wrote. 

m"^  Rob:  Smith. 


m*^  Reignold^. 
m"'  Berbloek. 
m''  Casewell. 
m^  Bull, 
m"'  Swinhow. 
m'  Cranmer. 
m''  Geo:  Smith. 
m'  Rob*' :  w"' 

many  others. 


M"'  Thfer  signified  that  accordinge  to  the  order  vppo  his  mocon  in  the  \2:  out  of  y  i6: 

last  Court  for  a  Ship  to  be  dispeeded  vppon  the  occasion  there  exprest  to'^eeai  v-  Ihln^T 

the  generall  Comittee  hath  mett,  and  resolved  amongst  themselvs  that  parteyandm'Dep- 

out  of  the  16:  they  would  make  choice  of  12:  w^"  should  vndertake  "^'^J^  ^'^  '^" 

this  charge  beinge  content  themselvs  if  y^  Court  should  so  desire  to 

seale  the  Charter  ptie  and  to  lay  out  so  much  monny  for  that  purpose 

as  is  ueedfull ;  for  w''"'  end  amongst  themselvs  they  have  made  ehoyce 

of  m^  Deputy  to  be  their  Treasuror  [1 26]  and  reckninge  the  charge  to 

be  about  2000''  they  desire  the  order  of  the  Courte  to  save  them  harme-  Warfnt  for  2000" 

less  as  in  like  case  hath  beene  given  in  like  case  to  m'  Thfer  and  m'  '"^  ^  '*'"!^*^  "^"'  °' 

Deputy,  And  moreouer  for  their  better  securitie  moved  that  a  warfnt ' 

might  be  made  to  the  menager  of  the  Lotteries  to  advance  vnto  them 

so  much  monny  when  itt  is  in  his  hands  to  be  receaved  by  them  and 

disbursed   vppon  Accompt  w''''  the  Court  well  approved  and  beinge 

putt  to  the  question  was  confirmed  by  ereccon  of  hands. 


374  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

The   Comittees  allso  reported  that  they  had  seene  a  Ship  w"*"  they 
well  liked  of  as  fitt  for  that  vse. 

The  order  referred  The  Order  referred  to  S'  Edward  Sackvill  and  m'  Deputie  in  the  last 
viii  and ''m'  Dep'  Courtc  to  be  drawne  was  now  presented  by  them  w''*'  beinge  read  to 
touching  Cap'  the  Courte  was  allowed  and  by  ereccon  of  hands  agreed  that  itt  should 
Brewster  lyked     \^2^^  possession  of  the  former  in  the  same  place. 

Cap'  ArgoiK  re-  Wheras  Cap'  Argoll  complayneth  that  mf  Tfer  vppon  the  hearinge 
suppressed"  '"^  ^^  ^^  cause  betwixt  Cap'  Brewster  and  him  did  suppress  divers  writ- 
ings w'''^  might  have  stood  him  in  great  steed  the  Courte  pceivinge 
no  such  thing  &  being  sattisfied  of  the  eontrarie  will  vppon  all  occa- 
sion iustifie  that  reporte  to  be  false  and  malicious. 

Cap'ArgoiKcause  ^j^(j  forasmuch  as  the  said  Cap'  complayneth  of  hard  measure  in 
fnCourt°e.  ^  ^^^  regard  his  answere  vnto  the  Articles  exhibited  against  him  were  not 
read  in  Courte  itt  was  therfore  agreed  that  both  bill  and  answere 
should  be  brought  to  y^  Courte,  and  soe  the  whole  cause  to  be  tryed 
by  them  by  w"''  meanes  itt  will  sooner  be  ended,  w""^  was  done  with 
the  generall  consent  of  all  the  Counsell  then  present  who  accordinglie 
dismissinge  themselvs  of  the  whoU  cause  had  devoulved  itt  to  the 
Courte  to  be  there  heard  and  ended. 


2:  or  3  Ldwesto  be 
Added. 


M'  Thfer  signified  that  the  Comittee  for  the  standinge  orders  doth 
recomend  vnto  this  Courte  2 :  or  3  lawes  w'^''  they  thinke  needfuil  to 
be  incerted  amongst  the  rest,  if  this  Court  and  the  Quarter  Courte 
approve  therof,  one  is  concerninge  the  title  of  Courts,  and  2  other 
of  the  §  Title  of  y''§  generally  tie  w''"  be  these  as  followeth. 

standinge   Lawes  Vppou  w""  itt  was  movcd  by  m'  Robert  Smith  for  the  better  accomo- 

printed.  datiuge  of  every  pticular  member  of  this  Societie  that  the  standinge 

lawes  might  be  printed  w'^''  was  generally  well  liked  and  approved, 

butt  whether  to   be   done   presently  or  some   time  to  be   respited 

dependeth  to  be  determyned. 

A  Comittee.         j^^  beinge  made  knowne  that  sundry  of  the  Comittee  by  order  from 
this  Courte  beinge  to  meet  w'"  a  Comittee  by  order  from  the  Sumer 


JVNE  m,  16W  375 

Hand  Courte  by  reason  of  some  other  buisines  could  not  attend  to 
morrow  in  the  afternoone.  In  their  roomes  the  Court  hath  now- 
made  choyce  of  S'  Nicholas  Tufton,  S'  Walter  Earle,  and  8'  Phillip 
Gary  who  promised  to  give  their  Assistance.     [127] 

m'  Thfer  allso  acquainted  them  that  forasmuch  as  a  Charter  is  in  a  charter  for  Es- 
piparing  for  m'  Thorpe,   m'  Nuse,  and  m'  Porey,  w"''  is  to  be  con-  ^^^'^^^^^  '^'""° 
firmed  in  the  next  Courte  if  itt  be  approved,  as  allso  the  Charter  last 
drawne  w''"  should  have  beene  read  in  the  last  Quarter  Courte  in  the 
afternoone  allso  w"""  was   not   and  that  theris  a   Pattent  for  lohn  lohn  ZoucL  Pat- 
Zouch  esqr  to  be  then  ratefied,  &  likewise  that  since  the  Confirmation  ^°'' 
of  the  Pattent  for  Southampton  Hundred,  some  are  gone  outt  and  South:    Hundred 
some  llothersll  to  be  iucerted  in  their  places  for  w""  hee  would  sur- 
render itt  and  take  a  new  one,  that  therfore  the  Courte  vppon  Wed- 
nesday might  hold  as  formerly    both  forenoone  and  afternoone  w*"" 
the  Court  well  approved  and  vppon  request  agreed  that  hence  foreward 
a  Duplicate  of  such  Pattents  as  are  graunted  here  should  be  sent  to  Duplicate   Pat- 
Virginia  w""  m'  Thfer  said  shoi;ld  all  be  sealed  in  open  Coiu'te  as  all 
other  things  yett  had  been  during  his  time. 

Next  hee  acquainted  them  of  2  things  w"*"  hee  pfessed  to  take  no 
delight  in  butt  for  the  Companies  sake  hee  was  content  to  pcure  to 
himselfe  a  great  deale  of  ill  will  and  malice  because  hee  would  not  see 
them  abused. 

The  first  contevneth  a  pceedinge  of  the  Counsell  vppon  a  Peticon  Theproceedingeof 

,.,.-.  •.  1        /-i      t    .  n       nh  1-  /         •      •    ^  3\    V  Counsell  touch- 

exhibited  vnto  them  by  Cap*  Argoll  w'"  pceedmge  (as  is  informed)  i„ge  c^p.  Argoiic 

was  drawne  by  S''  Nathaniell  Rich,  and  a  Coppie  therof  given  to  Cap-  Peticon  a  raw-ne  by 

taine  Argoll  by  the  Secretary,  vnto  w'^''  the  said  Captaine  hath  gotten  ^'  ^""^  ^"'^" 

divers  of  y*  Counselk  hands,  wherin  theris  one  poynt  that  the  said 

Captaine  Argoll  may  himselfe  make  choyce  of  any  two  of  the  CouuceU 

to  examine  his  wittnesses  w''*'  is  contrary  to  the  desire  of  him  in  the 

next  Courte  as  by  the  order  therof  may  appeare,  and  besides  w'''  itt 

was  not  lawfull  to  be  graunted  to  him  to  choose  whome  hee  list,  for 

soe  hee  might  choose  such  as  professed  themselvs  to  be  his  ptuers, 

w"''  were  a  choyce  not  eonvenyent. 


376  RECORDS  OF  TEE  VTROTmA  COMPANY 

M'  caninge  &  M'  2  Att  a  meetinge  att  S'  Thomas  Smithy  for  the  magazine  w*  they  had 
coT°to*'°S'  Tho:  ^^^  powci*  to  doB  (haveinge  no  leave  from  the  Courte)  a  Peticon  was 
Smith   scandaiiz-  delinked  to  S"'  Thomas  Smith  by  m'  Caninge  and  m''  Essington  layinge 
mge    )■'  present  gj.g^^  aspcons  and  scandallC  vppon  the  last  years   gouerment  much 
praysinge  y^  former  Whervppon  the  said  m''  Caninge  and  m'  Essington 
was  warned  from  the  Counsell  to  attend,  butt  itt  appeared  neither  of 
them  was  present.     Att  w"''  time  as  was  now  deliuered  by  some  that 
were  there  present  another  thinge  was  there  done  aboute  iustefyinge 
>i'  Alder;  lohnson  j^r  Alderman  lohnson  in  many  poyntC,  amongst  the  rest  one  Article 
betwixt  the  Comp*:  &  y®  Magazine  w""  beinge  referred  to  be  deter- 
mined by  my  Lo:  of  Southampton,  itt  pleased  his  Lo^:  to  decide  and 
end,  since  w'^''  time  his  Lo^:  pleasinge  to  com  vnto  a  Somer  Hands 
Courte  one  Argum'  did  arise  betwixt  his  Lo^:  and  m'  Alderman,  and 
amongst  other  things  his  Lo^ :  affirmed  that  vppon  request  of  the  said 
80  &  odd  pounds  t^  Alderman  hee  was  content  to  strike  off  80  and  odd  pounds  of  profitt 
lohnso^n   by  my  W"  was  due  to  the  Company,  and  the  rather  his  Lo^ :  was  drawne 
Lo:  of  Southamp-  yuto  itt,  as  wishiuge  peace  and  quiettness,  butt  m"'  Alderman  deny- 
*°°'  inge  the  same  did  say  that  there  was  not  a  word  true,  vppon  w""  his 

Lo'':  pduced  a  writinge  signed  by  the  Audito"  to  avouch  the  same, 
and  that  such  a  some  ther  was  cutt  of  w"*"  was  allso  now  iustefied  by 
divers  others  of  the  Courte.     [128] 

P^Nath:Richtobe  ff^j.  ^]^g  g^j.g^  poyut  bccausc  itt  coucerneth  S'  Nathaniell  Rich  it  was 
ter  Courto!  thought  good  hcc  should  be  warned  to  the  Quarter  Courte 

8'  Dudley  Digs  ap-  The  Second  poynt  after  a  full  examinacon  was  agreed  to  be  disavowed 

wThlnge  C'  to\e  ^^  ^^  Actc  of  Courtc  to  w*""  purposc  they  entreated  S'  Dudley  Diggs 

presented  to  Sec-  to  drawe  a  wTitinge  accordinge  to  his  writinge  understandinge  w''*' 

reta;  Naunton.      beinge  approved  by  the  Courte  the  CouncellC  Scale  might  be  affixed 

and  deliuered  to  m''  Secretary  Naunton  to  present  to  the  gracious  veiwe 

of  his  Ma''' :  Whervppon  S'  Dudley  Diggs  vndertooke  the  Taske  and 

dictated  in  this  manner  followinge 

Ivne26:  1620 

The  tenor  of  y'  j^^  appeareth  att  this  Preparatiue  Courte  that  a  pryvate  meetinge  of 
Dig^s  made  "'  ^'^  some  geut^  and  MarchantC  att  S'  Thomas  SmithC  house  in  his  bed 


JUNE  26,  mw  Zn 

Chamber  vppon  ffryday  the  16""  day  of  Ivne  1620,  wher  ther  was  no 
sufficient  authoritie,  one  m"'  Caninge  delivered  a  Peticon  to  S'  Thomas 
Smith  eonteyninge  y*  applaviding  of  his  former  gouerment  and  much 
scandalinge  the  pceedinge  of  y"  present  the  pretended  end  of  this 
Peticon  beinge  onely  to  obteyne  y"  dissolucon  of  an  iniunction  in  a 
pryvate  sute  graunted  Cap*  Bargraue  against  S'  Thomas  Smith,  m' 
Alderman  lohnson,  and  himself e  w""  others:  w"''  last  poynte  was 
onely  debated  the  other  two  not  touched  as  divers  present  now  testifie, 
who  were  there  and  disliked  itt,  and  pi'otest  itt  never  went  by  hands 
nor  generall  consent:  'W^  occasions  this  Courte  to  thinke  that,  that 
pryvate  buisines  of  Cap*  Bargraues  was  butt  taken  hold  of  for  some 
other  purpose,  the  rather  for  that  itt  was  in  this  Courte  avowed  that 
Caning  soone  after  sayde  that  the  Peticon  was  now  with  the  Kinge  and 
a  figg  for  the  piper,  w''''  malicious  kinde  of  pceedinge  to  advance 
craftylie  or  impayre  falslie  mens  reputa<5ons  this  Courte  doth  vtterlie 
condemne  and  thinke  fitt  to  be  censured  in  the  next  Quarter  Courte 
for  w''*'  cause  Canninge  and  all  that  were  present  att  that  pryvate 
meetinge  are  to  be  summoned  to  the  next  Quarter  Courte. 

The  names  of  those  that  were  present  at  that  Assemblie 
&  now  openly  in  this  Courte  protested  their  dislike  and 
disavowinge  of  that  Peticon  and  the  proceedinge  there 
ensuiuge 

S'  lohn  Dauers.  m"'  Swinhowe. 

m"'  Robert  Smith.  m''  George  Smith. 

m'  Berblocke.  m'  Bull, 

m'  Case  well.  m'  Robert?. 

Sealled  by  order  of  Courte  and 
recomended  to  m"^  Secretary  Naunton 
to  be  humbly  plsented  by  him  to 
y*  most  gracious  veiwe  of  his  Ma"^     [13^] 

W*^  beinge  twice  read  to  the  Courte  was  exceedinge  well  liked  agi'ee- 
inge  that  itt  be  delivered  as  is  formerlie  sett  downe,  and  beinge  putt 
to  the  question  was  ratefied  by  ereccou  of  hands. 


378  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 


m'Dauid  Bennett  M'  Dauid  Beiinet  for  the  love  of  m'  Nuse  hath  brought  in  37":  10':  00** 
whervppon  hee  was  admitted  into  the  S 
disposed  aecordinge  to  the  former  order. 


en  ranc  ise  whervppon  hee  was  admitted  into  the  Societie  agreed  that  itt  shalbe 


Ea:  of  southamp-  The  Right  Honorable  the  Lord  of  Southampton  who  sent  Tenn  men  as 

to    allowed    50:  °  i         ,h     ,        t  t  ii  t  i-  i.  j  o 

Acres  a  peece  for  uow  appeared  w  the  Lo :  Lawarr  was  allowed  aecordinge  to  order  (x, 
10  men  w'^  he  sur-  c^stomc  50  Acres  a  peec  w*""  hee  surrendred  presentlie  away  vizd  4 : 
of  them  to  m'  Thomas  Riseley,  2  to  m'  Porter,  2  to  m''  Gifford,  and  2 
to  W" :  Smith  who  were  admitted  to  be  of  the  Company  and  that  therbe 
order  given  that  they  be  deducted  from  the  Accompt  of  the  Lord 
Lawarr. 

1  Share  to  m'  M' Harper  assigned  one  share  to  m'  Whetcombe,  and  wheras  S'  Fraun- 
1  torn' w° Pollard  cis  Parrington  hath  formerly  assigned  2  shares  one  to  W°:  Pollard 
1  to  Henry  Hick-  and  theother  to  Henry  Hickford  w''''  the  Courte  allowed  of,  Now  the 
!u  to''io°Martn''^  said  Henry  hath  resigned  his  share  vnto  lohn  Martin  Marchanttaylor. 


38    IVNIJ    1630. 


A  Generall  Quarter  Courte  held  in  the  ffoRENOONE 
AT    m"  Ferrars  house  THE  xxvnj™  OF  IVNE  1620 

Present 

y"  Right  Honors  The  Lord  Pagett. 

S'  Edwin  Sandys  Thefr. 

S'  lohn  Dauers. 

m'  Wroth,  m'  Gibbes. 

m'  Palauacine. 

m'  lohn  Ferrar  Dep'''. 

m"^  Tomlyn^. 

m'  ReignoldC. 


m'  lohn  Smith. 
Captaine  Nuse. 
m^Ro":  Smith. 
m'  Nich :  Ferrar. 


JUNE  28,  1620 


m'  Oxenbrige. 
Cap'  Brewster, 
m'  Caswell, 
m'  RobertC. 


m'  Bromfeild. 
m'  Berblock. 
m^  Bull, 
m"'  Swinhowe. 


m'  Wrote. 

m'  Palmer. 

m"^  Newporte. 

m''  Cuffe  with  others. 


379 


m'  Essington. 
m'  Briggs. 
m'  Mellinge. 


A  Charter  pty  beinge  read  for  establishinge  of  Deputies  for  y®  Colledge  ^  ""harter  party, 
and  this  Comp'' :  &  for  y°  Secretaries  place  was  well  liked  and  agreed 
to  be  ingrossed. 

Addicon  of  Counsello" 

m'  Thf  er  declaringe  the  necessitie  of  some  such  to  be  added  to  the 
Counsell  as  were  cheiflie  to  give  attendance  att  the  Courts,  signified 
of  a  pap  putt  into  his  hand^  w''''  recomended  vnto  him  certaine  Gen- 
tlemen, and  Cittizens  who  for  there  worth  and  extraordinary  paines 
well  merited  that  place  if  the  Court  should  approve  therof  vizd :  The 
Lord  Haughton,  S'  Edward  Sackuill,  m'Sam :  Wrote,  m'  Tho :  Keight- 
ley  [130]  m'  Tho:  Sheppard,  m'  Robert  Smith,  m'D':  Winstoue,  and 
m'D':  Gulstone,  w"''  was  referred  as  all  other  things  now  agreed  of  to 
the  Confirmacon  of  the  afternoone. 

Vppon  notice  from  S'  George  Yeardley  y'  the  Councello"  in  Virginia  •'^oppjy  "f  ..*^^."°" 
must  needs  be  supplyed,  the  Court  hath  now  chosen  m''  Thorpe,  m''  irpnm 

Nuse,  m'  Pountus,  m'  Tracy,  m"^  Dauid  Middleton,  and  m'  Bluett  to 
be  of  the  Councell  of  Estate  in  Virginia. 

Wheras  itt  is  agreed  that  a  Ship  shall  presentlie  be  sent  w"'  120 :  Per-  ^""«  ^'""*  «  ^■»'- 
sons  and  that  a  warfnt  should  be  made  to  the  Officer  of  the  Lottery  oooo""^  ^*'^" 
forpaym'  of  2000":  to  the  Comittee  for  their  better  securitie  for  w'^'' 
they  are  to  accompt  for  the  warrant  beinge  now  putt  to  the  Question 
was  ratefied. 


380  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

Magazine  Tobacco  ^^j  wheras  allso  S**  a  pound  f Or  the  fraught  of  the  Magazine  Tobacco 
att  uj"  u"  fraug  t.  ^^^  offered  to  m'  Wiseman  if  hee  would  touch  att  Virginia  and  take 
itt  in  ni'  Thfer  offered  that  for  bearinge  pt  of  the  charge  of  this  Ship 
if  the  Adventurers  thought  good  they  would  vndertake  itt  att  that 
price,  w''''  the  Adventui-ers  plsent  assented  vnto  beinge  putt  to  the 
question. 

6  Shares  giuen  to  The  Courtc  was  enformcd  of  m"'  lames  Bagg  of  Plymouth  who  hath 
m'  lames  agg  (jiygj-g  tlmes  taken  great  paines  for  the  Company  and  layd  out  much 
monney  as  appeareth  by  his  Accompts  well  approved  by  the  Audito" 
and  may  herafter  allso  pleasure  them  in  divers  kindes  and  therfore 
to  gratefie  him  hee  male  have  some  land  given  him ;  Whervppon  itt 
was  agreed  to  be  putt  to  the  question  whether  hee  should  have  fower 
shares  or  five  w*  by  ereccon  of  hands  was  ordered  to  be  five. 

Touchinge  the  ^  Peticou  exhibited  by  m''  "Wrote  and  m''  Berblock  concerninge  the 

Wye.  *^*'°^    ^  Companies  suite  against  m''  Wye  being  read  was  allowed  agreeinge  itt 

should  be  sealled  by  the  CounselK  Seale  and  signed  by  the  Secretary. 

mistake  of  a  clause -yyiieras  three  standiugc  lawes  were  the  last  Courte  presented  to  be 

ingrordVrl.'*'"'*'  ^ead  accordinge  to  order  from  the  Comittee  and  Counsell,  M^  Thfer 

signified  that  there  was  a  mistake  of  a  clause  in  one  of  them  beinge 

a  standinge  Law  allreadie  enacted  formerly  as  well  and  rather  better 

then  this     Whervppon  this  clause  was  agreed  to  be  lefte  oute. 

standinge  Orders  j^^,  was  agreed  vppon  the  mocon  of  the  last  Courte  that  the  standinge 
printe^  ^""  '"Orders  shall  presentlie  be  putt  in  printe  and  annexed  to  a  booke 

newlie  come  out  by  order  from  the  Counsell,  w"*"  booke  shalbe  given 

to  everie  one  of  the  Courte  this  afternoone.' 

Southampton  Pat-  ^r  ^hf  er  signified  that  hee  acquainted  the  last  Courte  of  surrendringe 
^^^  Southampton  Pattent  and  takinge  a  new  one  this  day  butt  itt  was 

not  redie  and  therfore  itt  should  be  deferred  till  the  next  Quarter 

Courte.     [131] 

'  This  is  the  book  cited  on  page  286. 


JUNE  28,  1620  381 

Hee  morouer  reported  that  S' Ferdinando  Weynman  adventuringe  ■'^'f*^'''''=^«°^° 
100":  w'"  the  Lord  Lawarr  (besides  the  adventure  of  his  psou)  who  lowed ^pon Atx-- 
dyed  there  and  leavinge  one  only  Childe  behinde  him  a  daughter;  to  his  daughter  a 
hee  had  receaved  a  Ire:  from  the  Ladie  Lawarr  that  shee  was  content  ■*  ^^^'■*=^  gmen 

vnto  ner. 

to  deduct  itt  from  her  La^' :  accompts  that  itt  might  be  assigned  vnto 
her,  w"*"  the  Courte  well  allowed  referringe  the  rest  vnto  the  Audi- 
to" :  And  have  further  agreed  to  allow  vnto  her  for  the  adventure  of 
his  pson  beinge  a  man  of  that  worth  4  shares  w*^""  was  confirmed  by 
ereccon  of  hands. 

Frauncis  Carter  assigned  2  shares  to  m'  Tobye  Palavicine  w''''  was  2  shares  to  m' 
allowed  by  the  Audito"  and  confirmed  by  the  Courte.  '^°^^'  P^'«"i='"«- 

lohn  Gray  vppon  the  like  approbacon  assigned  two  shares  to  m'  -  "h"^*'  ^"^  '"' 
Richard  Bay  nam  of  London  Goldsmith.  ^^      ™' 

A  peticon  was  exhibited  by  the  Executo"  of  m"'  Christopher  Lawne  Executo"   ..  f 
to  have  the  fraught  given  them  of  such  goods  as  are  now  returned  loJ^^for  ^°pL- 
beinge  800  weight  of  Tobacco ;  The  Courte  not  houldinge  itt  requisite  sage  of  2:  men. 
for  president  sake  to  allowe  the  fraught :  butt  in  regard  of  the  gi-eat 
charge  and  losse,  the  said  m''  Lawne  hath  been  putt  vnto  and  sus- 
teyned  in  his  pryvate  Plantacon,  itt  is  agreed  to  allow  him  the  passage 
of  2  men  w'"''  they  esteeme  to  be  xij"  and  to  discount  the  passage  of 
her  Childe  w"*"  is  alleaged  the  Cape  Marchant  was  payd  for,  Nottw""- 
standinge  that  itt  dyed  before  itt  was  shipt. 

Certaine  Articles  beinge  preferred  by  the  Societie  of  MartinC  Hun-  Martin? Hundred. 
dred  being  read  pt  of  them  were  allowed  of  and  the  rest  aunswered. 

M"^  lohn  Zouch  his  Pattent  for  a  pticularr  Plantacon  was  now  read  ^''  1"^  z°""-'i  his 
and  approved.  Patent 


382  RECORDS  OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 


28^=   lUlVIJ    1620 

A  GREAT   AND   GENERALL   QuARTER   COURTE   HELDE  IN 
THE   AFTERNOONE   AT   M^   FeRRAR?   HOUSE. 

28"'IuNiJl620: 

Present 
y"  Right  Honorable 

Earle  of  Southampton.  Lord  Cauendish. 

Earle  of  Dorsett.  Lord  Sheffeild. 

Earle  of  Warwicke.  Lord  Pagett. 
Earle  of  Deuonsheire. 

S'  Edward  Sackuill.       S'  Nicho:  Tufton.  S'  Nath:  Rich. 

S^ Edwin  SandysThfer.  S'  Thomas  Roe.  S^  Phillip  Gary. 

S'Tho:  Smith.  S' Ferdinando Gorges.  S' Tho:  Weynman. 

S^  Dudley  Diggs.  S^  lohn  Dauers.  S'  Walter  Earle. 

S'  Antho:  Aucher.         S'  ly^hn  Wolstenholme. 

w""  diuers  others. 

[132]  M'  Thefr  signified  that  accordinge  to  the  standinge  Orders  there 
had  been  a  Courte  kept  in  the  morninge  wherin  divers  waightie  mat- 
ters had  been  discussed  and  resolved,  butt  the  full  Ratyficacon  of 
them  was  referred  vnto  this  great  assembly. 

Great charterCon-  girst  the  great  Charter  read  in  the  last  Quarter  Courte  was  now  againe 
'^™^'  read  and  by  ereccon  of  hands  confirmed  and  ordered  to  be  sealed. 


Char':  for^in'  Then  the  Charter  for  m'  Thorpe,  m'  Nuse,  the  Deputies  of  the  Col- 
ledge  and  Company  and  for  the  Secretary 
and  allowed  that  the  Seale  should  be  affixed. 


firmed^  °°  ledge  and  Company  and  for  the  Secretary  was  read  and  confirmed 


JUNE  %8,  1620  383 

M'  Thfer  propounded  the  names  of  such  as  by  the  morninge  Courte  *  °«^'  Counaeiio™ 
were  chosen  of  his  Ma"^°  Counsell  here  for  Virginia,  namely  the  Lord  \l^^^ 
Haughton    S'   Edward    Sackfeild,    m'   Samuell    Wrote   m'   Thomas 
Keightley,  m'  Thomas  Sheppard,  m'  Robert  Smith,  D'  Winstone,  and 
D'  Gulstone,  who  being  againe  seuerally  putt  to  the  question  were  by 
erreccon  of  hands  confirmed. 

Then  was  there  further  chosen  to  be  of  his  Ma""' :  Counsell  for  Virginia  '"^'"'e  "f  Doreett, 
the  Earle  of  Dorsett  then  present  The  Earle  of  Huntington,  and  m'  ton&D' Anthom' 

Doctor  Anthony .  chosen  to  be  of  his 

Ma"'"  Counsell. 

And  vppon  the  reporte  of  m"'  Thfer  of  the  many  and  great  favours  Thankc  ordered  to 
that  the  Earle  of  Huntington  and  Bath  had  this  year  done  this  Com-  J^i„nti^Bton'^& 
pany  in  the  procuringe  of  many  fitt  and  vsefull  psons  sent  to  Virginia  Bath. 
Itt  was  ordered  that  the  Courts  especially  thanks  should  be  signified 
to  them  by  letters. 

Likewise  the  Councello"  of   Estate  in  Virginia  propounded   in  the  "  new  Counceiio- 
forenoone  were  againe  by  erreccon  of  hands  confirmed,  namely  m''  °!  ^^^'^  '°     ""' 
Thorpe,  m'  Nuce,  m^  Tracy,  m'  Pountus,  m'  Middleton,   m'  Bluett 
and  to  them  was  now  added  m'  Horwood  the  cheife  of  Martini  Hun- 
dred. 

The  matters  concerninge  the  Ship  and  Voyadge  now  pisentlie  intended  t  o  u  r  ii  i  n  g  e   y 
were  in  the  same  manner  as  in  the  morninge  ppounded  and  all  ratefied     '^^' 
and  confirmed  by  erreccon  of  hands. 

The  five  shares  graunted  by  the  Courte  in  the  forenoone  to  m'  lames  5  shares   to   m' 
Bagg  Junior  were  againe  putt  to  the  hands  and  confirmed  w"'  many  ^^  ^*^ 
great  thanks.     [133] 

The  Peticons  exhibited  by  m'  Wrote  and  m'  Berblock  beinge  read  and  "^^^  .  Pp''™"   ^y 
approved  in  the  forenoone  was  now  confirmed. 

The  printinge  of  the  standinge  Orders  and  anexinge  them  to  the  booke  Pnntiuge    of    y 
formerly  ordered  to  be  sett  out  beinge  propounded  in  the  Preparative  "•""'''"p^  Orders. 
Courte  by  m'  Robert  Smith  and  well  liked  of  by  the  mornings  Courte 
was  now  fully  ordered  to  be  instantlie  done. 

16455— VOL  1—06 25 


384  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

S' Fra:  Weynman.  "phe   allowance   of   Land   graunted   to   S'  Frauncis  Weynmane  was 
againe  by  ereccon  of  hands  confirmed. 

m'  Zoueh  Pattent  The  Test  of  the  things  that  were  ordered  by  the  mornings  Courte  were 
^'^*'®  ■  againe  propounded  and  confirmed,  and  the  Seale  affixed  to  the  Pattent 

graunted  to  M'  Zouch. 

Cap'  Argoiie  buisi-  The  Counscll  findinge  Cap*  Argolls  buisines  iutollerable  trouble  some 

Courte^  \ja  iud\  ^^"^  vuderstandinge  themselues  to  be  vnduely  stayed  ||taxed||  refused 

and  decyde.         to  pcced  any  further  therin  butt  to  leave  itt  to  the  decydinge  and 

iudginge  of  the  Courte  w*^^  was  by  the  generally  tie  accepted  and  ratifyed. 

S'Nath:Rich?mn-  This  douc  m''  Thfer  the  second  time  surrendered  his  place,  att  w"*" 

coil   put  of  till  a     .  rir -kT    ji         •    11  ■>->•    1       «•      • 

fitter  tyme.  time  S  Nathaniell  Kich  ofteringe  to  move  concerninge  some  aspercons 

laid  vppou  him  in  regard  this  was  a  great  and  Quarter  Courte  was 
answered  that  itt  would  be  a  fitter  time  when  the  new  Treasuror  was 
chosen. 

Earie  of  South-  The  Earle  of  Southampton  acquainted  this  Courte  that  himself e  w*" 
h^^^p'°ent[nrthe?r  ^^16  rcst  of  the  Lords  and  gentlemen  requested  thervnto  by  the  last 
desire  to  his  Ma":  Quarter  Courtc  had  presented  their  humble  desires  vnto  his  Ma*'^  for 
forthefreeeieccon  ^j^^  ^^^^  elcccou  of  their  Treasurer  whervnto  his  Ma"^  had  most  gra- 

of  their  Threr.  ■  i  i  i  i         " 

tiously  condiscented  signyf yinge  vnto  them  that  it  would  be  pleasmge 

to  him  they  made  choyce  of  such  a  one  as  might  att  all  times  and 

occasions  have  free  accesse   vnto  his  royall  psonn.      And    further 

declaringe  that  itt  was  the  mistakinge  of  the  messenger  haveinge  not 

His  Ma"'':  intend-  receavcd  his  message  imeadiately  from  his  owne  royall  mouth  to  exclud 

Comp':  fronftheir  them  from  the  libertie  of  choosinge  any  butt  the  fower  nominated 

freeeieccon         b«#fewhome  his  Ma*':  intent  was  indeed  to  recoihend  butt  not  so  as  to 

barr  the  Comp*:  from  the  choyse  of  any  other. 

The  Comp':  Whervppon  the  wholl  Courte  rendred  to  his  Ma"':  all  humble  thankC 
tohisMa'^bywrit-  and  Ordered  that  by  writinge  itt  should  be  signified  vnto  his  Ma"^ :  [  1 34] 

inge 

Earle  of  South-  Then  m''  Herbert  delivered  vnto  the  Company  that  wheras  by  some 

nTted'"ind"cho"e'n  distractious  and  discentions  in  the  Company  the  buisines  much  suf- 

Therr  fercd  in  the  reputacon  and  otherwise,  they  should  now  thinke  vppon 

some  Person  of  such  worth  and  authoritie  as  might  give  full  remedie 


JUNE  £8,  1620  385 

thervnto ;  w"*"  since  itt  could  not  be  pformed  by  the  late  Tf er  a  man 
of  that  greate  habillitie  and  sufBciencie  together  wth  his  industrie 
and  integritie  as  of  his  ranke  ther  could  not  be  found  any  to  passe 
him,  there  was  now  lefte  noe  hope  except  itt  might  please  some  of 
those  Honorable  psonages  then  plsent  to  vouchsaffe  to  accept  of  the 
place,  who  by  adicon  of  Nobillitie  might  effect  that  w"*"  others  by  meere 
habillytie  could  not  doe. 

W^  mocon  beinge  exceedinglie  approved  the  whole  Courte  imeadi- 
ately  w'*"  much  ioy  and  applause  nominated  the  Earle  of  Southampton 
w**"  much  ernestnes  beseechinge  his  Lo'' :  that  for  the  redeeminge  of 
this  Noble  Plantacon  and  Company  from  the  mines  that  seemed  to 
hange  ouer  itt  hee  would  vouchsaffe  to  accept  of  the  place  of  Thfer. 

W"*  itt  pleased  him  after  some  finale  pause  in  fine  to  doe  in  very  noble 
manner  out  of  the  worthie  love  and  affeccon  that  hee  bare  to  the 
Plantacon  And  the  Courte  in  testimoniall  of  their  bounden  than  kf  nil - 
nes  and  of  the  great  honoure  and  respect  they  ought  him,  did  resolve 
to  surcease  the  ballatinge  box  and  w^'out  nominacon  of  any  other  by 
ereccon  of  hands  his  Lo^:  was  chosen  Tfer  and  tooke  his  Oath.  W'^'' 
done  his  Lo^ :  desyred  the  Comp* :  that  they  would  all  putt  on  the 
same  myndes  w""  w''''  hee  hadd  accepted  that  place. 

And  the  Courte  further  declared  themselvs  that  itt  was  not  their  a  nisepenaacon 
intent  that  his  Lop :  should  be  further  bound  to  the  pformance  of  the 
buisines  of  this  Courte  then  his  owne  more  waightie  buisinesses  did 
permitt. 

ffor  place  of  Deputie  this  Courte  nominated  m'  fferrar  m'  Keightley  M'Io:  Ferrarcho 
and  m''  Cranmer  who  beinge  putt  to  the  Ballatinge  Box  m''  Ferrar  was  ^"  ^p^^r- 
chosen  by  pluralitie  of  Balles:  who  tooke  his  0th. 

ffor  Audito"  were  Chosen  S'  Edwin  Sandys,  S'  lohn  Dauers,  m'' :^°di*«res^ Edwin 
Wroth  all  three  of  the  quorum.  And  S'  Edwin  Sandys,  who  said  that  paae're  m'"  wroth 
though  hee  had  been  head  hee  would  be  contented  to  be  the  foote  for  nv  Ferrar  m' 
y^benefitt  of  y«  Plantacon  was  allowed  to  follow  itt  att  large  as  his  ^^'^^'^^^'^^  ""' 

.      .    .        "^  Bnpvre     ni'    Cnvn- 

owne  buisines  gave   him   leave     The  other  4 :   were  m'  Ferrar,  m"'  mer 


386  RECORDS   OF  TEE  YIRGINTA  COMPANY 

m'  Abbott,  m' Keigiitley,  m'  Briggs  and  M''  Wroth  And  m'  Abbott,  m'  Hamford, 
ay  AiKmora^for  s'  ^'^^^^  1^'  Abdj,  whom  S'  Thomas  Smith  the  former  yeare  desyred  to  be 
Tho:  Smith.         admitted  as  Advcnturci'a  Audito"  on  his  pte  were  continued  againe 
takinge  their  Othes  as  the  rest.     [135] 

The  Comittee  y'  were  chosen  are  theise. 
vizd 

generaii  Comittee         m'  Cranmcr.  m'  Bernard.  m'  Bland. 

m'  Berbiock.  m"'  Boothbie.  m"'  Wiseman, 

m"' Bull.  m"' Nicho :  Ferrar.  m' Chambers, 

m""  George  Smith.  m'  lones.  m'  Wheatley. 

m'  Caswell.  m'  Clarke.  m'  Darnelly, 
m"^  Mellinge. 

m'Coiiingwood  jyjr  ffothcrby  the  Secretary  offered  to  give  vpp  his  place  in  the  due 
pformance  wherof  the  Company  pceivinge  him  to  have  been  some- 
waj''  faulty  hee  was  discharged  and  m"'  CoUingwood  recommended  by 
my  Lord  of  Warwick  and  S'  lohn  Dauers  chosen  in  his  place,  And 
in  regard  that  in  a  day  of  soe  great  ioy  none  should  goe  away  greived 
the  Courte  Condiscended  ouer  and  aboue  the  5"  due  to  M''  ffotherbie 
for  his  wages  to  bestow  vppon  him  10". 

Husband  &.  Bea-  M''  Webb  was  chosen  Husband  and  m"^  Carter  Beadle. 

die. 

S'  Ed:  sandis  ai-  gr  Edwiu  Saudys  dcsyrcd  his  quietus  est,  his  Accompt  haveinge 
^r'and 'to^hluea  accordiuge  to  ordcr  of  Courte  lien  since  the  last  Quarter  Courte  vppon 
testimonial!  of  ) '  the  Table  and  no  excepcons  taken  thervnto :  w"''  the  Courte  not  onely 
Companies  thank-  assented  vuto  butt  further  allso  declared  themselvs  that  itt  should  be 

fullnes  and  a  ppor-  _ 

con  of  Land.  referred  to  a  select  Comittee  to  give  him  a  due  testimoniall  vnder  y* 
Companies  Scale  of  his  worthie  service  this  last  yeare  performed  as 
likewise  by  some  proporcon  of  Land  to  testifie  their  greate  thankf ull  - 
nes  vnto  him. 

Butt  itt  beinge  past  six  of  the  Clock  they  thought  itt  fitt  to  defferr  itt 
to  the  next  Courte  that  itt  might  be  more  orderly  pceeded  in.     [136] 


JULY  7,  1620 


387 


Itt  was  likewise  thought  fitt  in  regard  of  the  extraordinaiy  paines  of  ComHux  to  haue 
the  Comittees  the  last  year  that  the  Company  should  shew  their  ^_|JJ^^  P''"f'^''"'°  ° 
thankfullnes  vnto  them  in  the  like  kinde  in  bestowinge  some  portions 
of  Land  vppon  them. 

S'  Thomas  Smith  in  this  iae*  Courte  acquainted  them  w"'  a  mistak-  S'Xho:  Smith  pre- 
inge  that  a  Peticon  exhibited  vnto  him  by  m'  Canninge  should  be  sent  Petieon""  ^ 
to  y^  King  w"*"  hee  now  pduced  and  offered  to  shew  vnto  the  Courte. 


A  Courte  held  in  the  afternoone  att  m^  SerrarC  house 
7  luLiJ  1620  ther  beinge 


Present 

the  Right  Honorable  Earle  of  Southampton  Thfer. 

Lord  Cauendish. 
Lord  Pagett. 


S^  Edward  Sackvill  kn'. 
S'  Edwin  Sandys  k'. 
S"^  Thomas  Roe  kn\ 
S'  lohn  Dauers  kn\ 
S'  lohn  Bourchein  k*. 
S^  Phillipp  Cary  kn'. 
S^  Thomas  Wroth  kn'. 


m"'  Thomas  Gibbes. 

m"'  Toby  Palavicine. 

m'  Brooke. 

m'  Earle. 

m"^  Herbert. 

m'  Doeter  Gulstone. 

m'  Oxenbridge. 


m'  Deputy  Ferrar 
m''  Dauid  Bennet. 
m'  ReignoldC. 
m''  TomlynC. 
m'  Keightley. 
m'  Hauforde. 
m^  Stiles. 


m'  Bull,  m'  Scott,  m'  Abdy,  m'  Cranmer,  m'  Shepheard,  m'  Rugek, 
m'  Foxton,  m'  Ed:  Palavicine  m'  Nicholas  Ferrar,  m'  Berblock  m' 
Edwards  m'  Casewell,  m''  Cartwright,  m^  Challoner,  m''  Widdowes, 
m'  Whitley,  m'  Georg  Smith,  m'  Baynam,  m'  Morewood,  m'  Ether- 
idge,  m"'  Barron,  m''  Mellinge,  m'  Woodall  w**"  divers  others. 

S'  Edwin  Sandys  signified  vnto  this  Courte  that  hee  had  a  Proiect  of  *''  Edwin  Sandys 
speciall  importance  w"^"  hee  much  desyred  before  the  Acts  of  y'  former  fe^iuem^'nng^oi 
Courtes  were  read  to  imparte  vnto  them,  for  that  itt  maynely  con-  y  affaires  inVir- 
eerned  the  better  meuaginge  of  their  affaires  in  Virginia,  and  good  ^'°'* 
advancement  of  the  Plantacon  there. 


388  RECORDS  OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

Whervppou  the  Courte  grauntinge  him  leave  to  proceed  hee  delmered 
the  matter  in  writiuge,  w''''  writinge  he  first  read  intirely  himself e  to 
the  Courte  and  after  itt  was  apoynted  to  be  read  by  the  Secretary  by 
parcelR  and  each  parte  was  weighed  and  considered  of  by  the  Courte, 
and  beinge  approved  there  were  severall  Comittees  appoynted  to  the 
seuerall  parts,  w'^''  writinge  w"*  the  Comittees  beinge  generally  rati- 
fied by  the  Courte  doth  here  ensue.     [137] 

Proposicons  considerable  for  y°  better  menaginge  of  the 

buisines  of  the  Company  and  aduanceinge  of  y"  Plantacon 

of  Virginia  in  this  yeare  1620 

"^"'''®  The  late  distraccons  of  the  Company  by  partiallities  and  faccons  are 

first  to  be  removed  and  that  by  takinge  away  the  causes  of  them  which 
are  two:  1:  matte"  of  Accompts.  2:  and  questyoninge  of  Captaine 
ArgollC  gouerment  ffirst  therfore  lett  S""  Thomas  Smithy  Accompts  be 
divided  into  fower  partes  vizd:  1:  Receipts  by  monneys  Adventured, 
2:  Receipts  by  Lotteries,  w"*  paym'  allso  of  the  Prizes  and  other 
charges  to  them  incident,  3  Receipts  by  sale  of  goods  returned  from 
Virginia,  by  fines  allso,  by  Collections,  and  other  mennes  whatsoever, 
4 :  and  lastly  his  Disbursments,  lett  the  Audito"  accordinglie  divide 
themselvs  into  fower  Companies  each  takinge  their  parts  &  following 
them  throughlie  till  they  be  dispatched,  ffor  there  manner  of  proceed - 
inge  lett  itt  be  by  such  means  rules  as  themselvs  in  a  generall  meet- 
inge  shall  sett  dowue,  and  for  their  ease  and  quick  dispatch  lett  them 
have  the  helpe  of  such  other  of  the  Company  as  they  shall  desire,  Lett 
each  Company  dispatch  his  parte  by  Allhalloutide  next  and  then  all 
meete  to  bringe  the  wholl  to  pfeccou 

For  r  receipts  by  Aduenturers j|  Ed^^^s^^^'lys. 

For  y*  Receipts  by  Lotteries  w""  paym'  m'  lohn  Wroth, 
of  the  Prizes  and  other  Charge [m"^  Henry  Brigs. 

For  y°  Receipts  by  Good<  from  Vir-|m' lohn  Ferrar  Deputy, 
ginia  with  fines  and  Colleccons  C  . . .  |m'  William  Cranmer. 

Til      ii,    T-w-  a  i«  \'>^'  Thomas  Keightley. 

For  the  DisbursmentC ,  ttt-h-        /-( 

m   William  Cranmer. 


JULY  7,  1620  389 

ffor  other  Accomptants  who  refuse  or  forbeare  to  be  ordered  by  the 
Audito"  lett  them  accordinge  to  a  former  order  of  Courte  be  convented 
by  the  Counsell  and  ther  the  differences  be  ended  and  right  done  to 
y^Comi/:     [138] 

Touchinge  the  buisines  concerninge  Captaine  Argoll  w'*"  divideth  itt  Cap' ArgoiK  bui.i- 

selfe  into  three  partes.     1  Matter  of  State,  2  Depradacon  of  the  Pub-  "''''• 

lique  w'"  other  wrongs  done  to  the  Company.     3  oppression  of  the 

Collony  w'"  wrongs  to  ptieuler  psonns  Lett  each  parte  be  comended 

to  two  choyce  men  who  may  make  them  fitt  for  hearinge  against 

Alhalloutide  next,  So  that  the  next  Quarter  Courte  passinge  a  fynall 

sentence  in  the  buisines  of  Captaine  Argoll  and  perfectinge  and  con- 

cludinge  all  matters  of  Accompts,  the  returne  of  firme  peace  and  vnitie 

may  be  expected. 

fS'  lohn  Dauers. 

For  the  matters  of  State jm"  Samuell  Wrote. 

Im''  Edward  Herbei't. 

m'  Herbert, 
m''  Keightley. 
m"'  Wrote. 

fS'  Edwin  Sandys. 

For  oppression  of  y*  Collony  C jm"^  lohn  Ferrar. 

Im'  lames  Berblock. 

The  next  principall  matter  is  the  reputacon  and  Justice  of  y^  Company  Reputacon. 
in  payinge  there  old  Debts  wherof  there  may  be  neer  two  thousand 
pound  yett  remayninge,  I  wish  y'  after  the  dispatch  of  this  Ship  and 
of  another  Pinnace  to  be  shortlie  sett  out  the  next  imployment  of 
monny  may  be  in  discharginge  those  Debts ;  And  in  the  meane  time 
that  the  Audito"  w""  assistance  of  all  other  Officers  make  a  true 
examinacon  &  Colleccon  of  those  DebtC  and  present  the  same  to  the 
Courte  in  the  begininge  of  the  next  Tearme. 

These  matters  and  troubles  in  the  way  beinge  thus  cleered,  itt  fol-  Mouny 
loweth  to  pceed  in  the  advanceinge  of  the  Plantacon.     The  foundacon 
wherof  is  the  gettinge  of  monnyC  beinge  the  Synews  and  moving 
Instrum"  in  these  greate  Actions. 


For  Depradation  of  y*  Publique . 


390 


RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 


ffowei"  wayes  ther  are  of  gettingeinmouneys,  The  first  &  most  certaine 
is  by  the  Lotteries  w'^'"  must  be  continued  till  the  end  of  this  yeare,  if 
there  may  be  found  iDlaces  so  many  where  to  keepe  them. 

The  Second  is  the  by  Debts  due  to  the  Company  vppon  subscripcons 
wherof  ther  remaynes  yett  sixteen  Thousand  pounds.     [139] 

This  yeare  itt  is  to  be  hoped  they  wilbe  chearfully  paid  especially  if 
there  be  good  order  in  Solicitiuge  the  parties,  To  w''^  end  I  wish  that 
a  Colleccon  be  made  of  all  those  Debts  remayninge  to  be  divided  after- 
ward into  three  parts  accordinge  to  the  seuerall  qually  ties  of  the  psonns 
indebted;  Theffirste  Noblemen,  The  second  Knights  and  Gentlemen, 
The  third  Marchants  and  other  Cittizens — And  that  the  Solicitinge 
therof  be  Comitted  to  Three  choyse  payre  of  Gentlemen  and  Cittizens, 
each  suted  to  their  fittest  pts  And  those  that  are  or  shalbe  in  the  Cittie 
to  be  solicited  in  psonns  the  rest  by  Jres  to  be  prepared  by  these 
Solicito"  and  signed  as  heretofore  by  all  the  Audito"  wherin  allso  this 
discrecon  is  to  be  observed  to  begin  w""  the  best  Debts  first  and  so  to 
the  other. 

S'  Edward  Sackvill. 

S'  lohn  Dauers. 

S^  Rob'  Killigrew. 

S^  Thomas  Roe 

m"^  Brooke. 

S'  Henry  Rainsforde. 
m''  Gibbes 
m'  Berblocke. 
m"^  Wrote. 

S'  lohn  Wolstenholme. 
m"^  lohn  Ferrar  Dep*. 
m'  Richard  Caswell, 
m''  Daniell  Darnelly. 


For  y*  Lord^ 


For  y*  KnightC  &  Gentlemen 


For  Marchants  &  Cittizens. 


The  third  way  of  getting  in  monny  wilbe  from  the  Accomptants  of 
which  kinde  of  Debts  I  suppose  ther  will  fall  out  much  to  be  due,  this 
is  in  charge  of  the  Auditors. 


JULY  7,  1680  391 

The  fowerth  kinde  is  the  remayne  of  the  monneys  by  Colleceons  thei-e  4 
beinge  yett  nine  Bishopps from  whome  nothinge  hath  come  in.     There 
must  be  some  therfore  appoynted  for  the  soliciting  of  their  Lo"'. 


For  y*"  Solicitinge  of  y^  Lord  Bishopps . 


S'  Edward  Sackvill. 
S^  Dudley  Diggs. 
m'  Morice  Abbott. 


[140]    Haveinge  made  these  preparacons  wee  are  in  the  next  place  People 
to  pceed  to  the  imployinge  of  these  monneys  to  the  benefitt  of  the 
Plantacon  which  is  to  be  done  in  three  kindes,  ffirst  in  Supplies  of 
People.     2:  In  supplies  of  Cattle  of  all  sorts,  3  and  lastlie  in  pro- 
visions for  settinge  vpp  the  best  and  richest  Comodities. 

ffor  people  I  advise  that  this  yeare  there  be  sent  att  the  publique 
charge  to  Virginia  800  choyce  psonns.  vizd. 

400  Tennt^  to  the  Companies  Land  to  make  them  vp  full  five 
hundred  wherof  200:  to  be  placed  att  Elizabeth  Cittie  with  the 
Deputy  100  att  Henrico  100:  att  Charles  Cittie,  and  att  lames 
Cittie  there  are  all  redie  100 : 

100  TenntC  to  such  officers  C.  as  the  Courte  hath  and  shall 
appoynt  vizd.  10:  to  the  Deputy  of  the  Colledge,  40  to  the  Com- 
panies Deputy  20  to  the  Secretary,  10  more  besides  50  all  redie 
sent  to  the  Mynisters  and  20  to  the  Phisitian. 
100  young  maydes  to  make  wives  as  the  former  90  lately  sent. 
100  Boyes  more  for  Apprentizes  likewise  to  the  publique 
TeiintC. 

100  Servants  to  be  dispsed  amongst  the  Old  Planters  w""  they 
exceedinglie  desire  and  will  pay  the  Company  their  charges 
w""  verie  greate  thanks. 

These  people  are  to  be  procured  as  they  have  formerly  beeue  ptlie  by 
a  printed  publieacon  of  the  supplies  intended  together  w'"  y*  Con  - 
dicons  offered  to  these  publique  TennantC,  partly  by  help  of  such 
noble  frends  and  others  in  remoter  parts  as  have  formerlie  given  great 
assistance  beinge  desyred  in  the  like  kinde,  This  Ship  now  in  pro- 


392  RECORDS   OF  THE  YIROINIA  COMPANY 

vidiug  being  dispatched  w'"  120  Personns  the  rest  may  follow  after 
in  the  very  begininge  of  the  Springe/ 

Cattle  Touehinge  Cattle  C"  these  are  requisite  to  be  sent 

100  Kine  for  this  Addicon  of  500  TenantC. 
100  Kine  more  to  remayne  in  ppetuall  Stocke  vppon  the  Com- 
panies Land  to  be  sent  to  new  Planters  as  hath  been  formerly 
ordered. 

400  GoatC  from  Wales. 
20  Mares. 
80  Asses  from  Fraunce.     [141] 

The  providinge  of  these  and  all  things  necessarie  for  them  is  to  be 
referred  to  the  care  of  the  generall  Comittees  yett  so  that  some  be 
pticulerly  appoynted  to  the  seuerall  parts  and  kindes. 


For  y^  Kine  GoatC  and  Mares . 


For  y®  Asses 


m"^  lames  Bagg. 

m'  Richard  Wiseman. 

m'  lohn  Blande. 

m''  Abraham  Chamberlyn. 
m''  George  Chambers, 
m'  lames  Bagg. 


Prouisions  necessarie  for  y^  settinge  Vpp  of  y^ 
Staple  Comodities  are  these. 

Comodities.  ffor  Silkc  to  pcure  great  store  of  Silkworme  seed  aboute  Michaellmas 

next  and  men  skillfull  in  the  orderinge  of  the  Wormes  and  their  Silke 
to  be  sent  away  in  a  Pinnace  in  October  betimes, 
ffor  Oyle  besides  great  quantities  to  be  made  out  of  their  great  store 
of  Wallnut^  Olive  plants  may  be  allso  pcured  from  Mercellis  and 
Ligorne. 

ffor  Wynes  to  procure  men  skillfull  in  the  plantinge  and  dressing  of 
Vynes  outt  of  ffraunce  and  from  the  Rhene,  from  thence  allso  to  pcure 
plants  as  likewise  from  the  Canaries. 

'  This  publication  was  included  in  the  Declaration  of  June  22,  1620.     List  of  Records,  No.  183, 
jrnge  141,  ante. 


JULY  7,  16W  393 

ffor  Hemp  and  Flax,  Sope  Ashes,  and  Pottashes  Pittch  and  Tarr  to 
pceed  in  the  treaty  w'*"  m'  Moore  who  hath  offered  to  pcure  men  skill- 
full in  those  Trades  from  the  Easterne  parts. 

ffor  Fishinge  first  to  sett  vpp  m'  Pountus  againe  by  making  vpp  a 
Stock  of  1000"  wherof  the  one  halfe  to  be  from  those  former  Adven- 
turers a  fourth  from  the  Comp" :  and  a  fourth  from  the  Southampton 
Hundred. 

Secondlie  by  generall  peticon  vnto  his  Ma'"'' :  to  preserve  the  ffishinge 
att  Cape  Codd  free  &  indifferent  to  both  the  Collonies  as  was  intended 
in  y^  first  Pattent. 

ffor  Salt  if  men  skillfull  in  makinge  itt  in  Pitts  and  by  the  Sunn  be 
not  to  be  had  att  home  to  pcure  them  from  ff'raunee  and  by  all  meanes 
to  sett  forward  the  makinge  of  itt  in  aboundance  beinge  a  very  gi'eat 
help  to  encrease  the  Plantacon. 

ffor  Iron  theris  sufficient  done  allredie.     [142] 

And  for  Sawinge  Milk  besides  those  allredie  gone  this  Springe  there  Sawinge  miik. 
are  lately  com  from  Hamburrough  fower  men  very  skillfull  to  be  sent 
in  the  next  Ship. 

Itt  is  verie  necessarie  for  the  benefitt  of  the  Collony  that  divers  skill-  -^^'"  "'nghtc 
full  Millwrights  be  provided  and  sent  to  sett  vpp  Corne  watermillC  in 
the  seuerall  parts  of  the  Collony. 

Itt  is  allso  convenyent  that  the  Deputie  for  the  Company  have  a  Pin  -  Deputy  is  allowed 
nace  and  other  Boats  belonginge  to  him  to  traffique  and  trade  for  the  aiS'trattiquI*™'^^ 
Company  and  their  Tenants  vnder  his  charge. 

ffor  these  Staple  Comodities  besides  the  generall  Comittees  who  are 
to  take  charge  of  the  wholl  some  seuerall  parts  are  to  be  Comended  to 
divers  pticularr  psons. 

for  The  Silkworme  seed  Oliue  PlantCj  m'  Abr:  Chamberlin. 
and  Vines |  m'  Rich :  Wiseman. 

For  Salte  men I  ^^^'  Arthur  Bromfeild. 

m'  Abra:  Chamberlyn. 


394  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

Gouerment  The  last  matter  butt  of  great  diffieultie  and  cheife  importance  is  the 

establishiuge  of  good  gouerment  in  the  Collonj^  for  Religion,  lus- 
tiee  and  Strength  together  w"'  then-  effects,  Peace,  Plenty  and 
Prosperitie. 

This  parte  requireth  the  serious  consultacon  of  the  Counsell  &  the 
gi-eat  labour  of  learned  and  iuditious  Comittees  that  being  reduced 
into  a  bodie  of  Lawes  and  Magestracie  itt  may  be  first  plsented  to  his 
Ma""":  vewe  and  beinge  there  approved  may  receave  confirmacon 
allso  of  a  Quarter  Courte,  and  lastly  the  assent  and  ratificacon  of  the 
Collony. 

Some  small  dyreccons  herin  I  wilbe  bould  to  offer,  I  wish  that  a  Com- 
ittee  be  made  of  twelue  select  psonns  for  the  Compylinge  into  a  bodie 
the  Politique  Lawes  and  Magistracie  of  England — necessarie  or  fitt  for 
that  Plantacon  w''''  pt  to  be  coihitted  to  fower  learned  gentlemen  pro- 
fessors of  the  Lawe.     [143] 

Constitucon  for  y«  The  Secoud  to  be  a  like  colleccon  of  Orders  and  constitucons  alh'edie 
genera  ouerm .  .^  beinge  w'^"  are  prop  and  peculier  to  this  Collony.  Wherin  first  to 
gather  those  that  are  to  be  found  in  his  Maties  Teres  Pattent^  and 
Instruccons.  Secondlie  those  that  are  conteyned  aswell  in  the  Booke 
of  the  orders  for  the  Company  as  allso  in  the  seuerall  Charters,  Com- 
issions,  and  Instruccons,  sent  to  Virginia.  Lastly  such  orders  as 
themselvs  there  have  made  in  their  generall  Assemblies  All  w""  beinge 
likewise  desgested  into  order  and  conferred  and  interlaced  w*^  the 
laws  of  this  Realme  itt  will  be  rcdic  easie  to  see  in  a  veiwe  of  the 
wholl  Body  what  Lymme  or  Synewe  is  redundant  or  defective  as  well 
for  Lawes  as  Magestracie  wherof  a  reformacou  or  a  supply  to  be  made 
agreeable  to  y*  rest  This  parte  is  to  be  commended  to  fower  other  such 
as  are  skillfull  in  all  the  affayres  aswell  of  the  Company  here  as  of 
the  Collony  in  Virginia,  And  thus  much  for  matter  of  the  Generall 
Groverm*. 

Perticuiar  Gouer-  ^  Thirde  parte  remayneth  of  the  pticularr  Gouerm'  by  way  of  Incor- 
poracon  for  every  Cittie  and  Burrough  w'"''  I  wish  may  be  for  all  of 
one  and  the  same  modell  vniformitie  beinge  not  onely  a  nourisher 


JULY  7,  1620  395 

of  Amytie  butt  allso  a  greate  ease  to  the  Generall  Gouerment.  ||This 
pte  is  to  be  comitted  to  fower  Comittees  expert  in  the  gouernment|| 
of  the  Corporacon  of  tliis  and  other  Citties  of  this  Realme  to  frame 
out  of  them  a  forme  moste  fitt  for  y'  people. 

These  pticuler  Comittees  haveinge  brought  their  laboures  to  an  end  Connseii  to  penwe 
they  are  then  to  meete  and  out  of  these  pts  to  make  an  wholl  entire  ^ '"  *^'  ^"■^• 
bodie  of  Lawes  and  Magistracie  for  that  Gouerm'.  to  be  pi-esented  by 
them  to  the  Counsell  and  being  ther  reformed  or  allowed  to  pass  on  to 
the  gracious  veiwe  of  his  Ma*'^ : 

And  here  I  wilbe  bould  to  putt  the  Couucell  in  mynde  of  one  princi-  ^^^^  ^  hoW  >•• 
pall  parte  of  their  dutie  and  Oath  to  have  care  by  wise  and  poUitique  ence'to  his  Ma-^ ' 
constitucons  to  hold  the  CoUony  in  assurednes  of  firme  and  ppetuall 
loyalltie  to  his  Ma*'",  and  this  Crowne,  w*^*"  Cautian  in  regard  of  the  farr 
distance  of  that  place  I  hold  to  be  necessarie.     [144] 

ffor  matters  of  Religion  I  thinke  itt  requisite  that  the  Comp* :  desire  ReUgion 
direccon  from  the  Lord  Archbishops  grace  and  the  Lord  Bishop  of 
London  they  beinge  both  of  the  Company  and  my  Lord  of  London 
of  the  Counsell  allso. 

ffor  matter  of  strength  by  way  of  ffortificacon  I  referr  to  y"  treatie  Fortification, 
w""  m'  Englebert. 

The  Millitarie  discipline  requires  a  Comittee  by  itt  selfe  of  men  most  Miintary      Hisoi- 
iudicious  in  that  profession.  ^''°'" 

These  things  pformed  the  Plantacon  I  nothinge  doubt  will  prosper 
and  our  selves  give  good  Accompt  of  our  pceedings  to  his  Matie : 


For  y*  Lawes  of  England 


f  S^  Thomas  Roe. 
m''Christo:  Brooke, 
m''  '  Seldon . 

m'  Edw:  Herbert. 
m"^  Phillip  lermyn. 

Blank  ppace  iu  the  manuscript. 


/ 


396 


RECORDS   OF  THE  YIROINIA  COMPANY 


For  y*  Orders  for  Virginia 


For  y"  Perticular  Corpora . 


For  Millitary  Discipline 


S'  Edwin  Sandys. 
S"^  lohn  Dauers. 
m'  lohn  Wroth, 
m'  Sam:  Wrote. 

m'  Rob"  Heath  Recorder, 
m^  Rob"  Smith, 
m''  Nicho :  Ferrar. 
m'  William  Cranmer. 
m'  George  Chambers. 

S'Edw:  Sackvill. 

S'  Dudley  Diggs. 

Cap':  Bingham. 

Cap*  Lawrence  Maisterson. 

Cap'  lohn  Bargraue.  [145] 


The  charges  of  this  Proiect  are  estimated  thus. 

500"  Tenants  att  16" :  the  personn 

300'  Maides,  Boyes  and  Servants 

200-  Kine  att  10"  the  head 

400-  Goates  att  3"  10^  the  Goate 

020-  Mares  att  15"  a  peec 

080-  Asses  att  7"  10'  a  peec 

A  Pinnace 

Settinge  vp  the  fishinge  of  m'  Pountus 

Procuringe  of  Vigneroones,  Saltmen,  for  Siikwormes,  for 
Flax,  for  Hempe,  Pottashes,  and  Sopeashes  w""  plantes 
&  all  Materially 

Discharging  y^  olde  DebtC  yet  remayninge  of  S"'  Thomas 
Smithy  time 


8000" 
2000" 
2000" 
1400" 
0300" 
0600" 
0250" 
0250" 

1000" 
2000" 


TotalliC 17800" 


JULY  7,  1620  397 

Meanes  of  raysinge  this  sum,  as  may  be  reasonably  estimated. 

By  Lottaries 8000" 

By  DebtC  vppon  subscripcon  one  third  parte HBOO" 

By  ColleetionC  for  y'  Colledge 0700" 

By  Debt^  Vppon  AccomptC  and  Reckoning^ 4000" 

18000" 


Memorandum  that  in  the  Auditinge  of  S'  Thomas  Smiths  Accomp'"  diffic-uities  or  er- 
itt  was  Offered  by  the  Audito"  that  such  Difficulties  and  errors  as  Z'"^.  J "  ^'  ^'^j 

■'  Smiths    Accompt? 

should  occurr,  they  would  from  time  to  time  impart  to  the  Audito"  are  to  be  imparted 
chosen  by  S'  Thomas  Smith  and  if  by  their  help  y"  points  might  be  ^"  >"  Andito" 
cleered  they  would  rest  so  sattisfied :  if  otherwise  accordinge  to  the  ^  °^^°  '^^  ™' 
generall  orders  they  would  bring  them  to  the  Courte  from  thence  to 
receive  resolucon  and  gattiafaccon  ||direction||.     [146] 

In  handlinge  of  these  buisinesses  S'  Thomas  Wroth  verie  S'ThoiWrothex- 
vnseasonablie  (as  was  thought  by  the  Courte)  interposed  some  mat-  cep<;"°« ag^mst  >- 

.  o  ^  /  r-  pening  of  V  Order 

ters  of  question  aboute  y"  settmge  downe  of  this  proceedings  in  dis-  by  S'  Edwani 

centinge  from  the  whole  Courte  aboute  the  acquitinge  of  Captaine  i^aci^^i"  ^' 

Brewster   w'"'  was  iustified  by  S'  Edward  Sackvill  now  trulie  sett 

downe  haveinge  beene  form^ly  mispenned  by  S'  Thomas  Wroth  and 

the  former  Secretarie.     In  fine  y'  Court  delinked  their  opinion  that  S'' 

Edward  Sackuill  and  m'  Deputie  had  sett  itt  downe  verie  truly  and 

that  S''  Thomas  Wroth  was  in  the  wronge  &  deserved  blame. 

A  Ire  was  presented  to  the  Courte  from  the  La :  De  Laware  signifiing  a  tre  from  y  La: 
that  Cap*^  Argoll  had  wrongfully  taken  away  certaine  of  her  goods  Lawaragamstcap^ 
from  her  late  Husbands  servants  in  Virginia   for  w"*"  hee  hath  as  her?eruantfgood'<. 
yett  given  noAccompt;  whervppon  the  Courte  thought  fitt  to  con- 
sider therof  and  to  warne  the  said  Cap'  Argoll  to  the  Court  vppon 
Wednesday  next. 

S'  lohn  Dauers,  and  S'  Thomas  Roe  are  appoyuted  Comittees  to  f"'"'"^^'""'^™'^- 
drawe  a  generall  Ire  to  his  Ma"^ :  to  preserve  the  ffishinge  at  Cape  Codd  "'"hY„^"jr  ^^. 
free  and  indifferent  to  both  the  Collonies  as  was  intended  in  the  first  oemini a  free  lish- 
Pattent  and  beinge  drawne  to  present  the  same  att  the  next  Courte  J^T  "*'  ^""^^ 
vppon  Wednesday. 


398  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

Cofiiitteefordraw-  j^^  ^.^g  likewise  then  desyred  that  itt  would  please  my  Lord:  Cauen- 
h"isMa''^ 'concern'^-  ^^^^^^  ^  ^'  lohii  Dauers  to  di'aw  ail  other  generall  Peticon  vnto  his 
inp  y'  Prociama-  Ma*'"  coucemiiige  the  late  Proclamation  against  the  generall  &  vnlym- 
''°"  ^'-  ited  importacon  of  Tobacco  C  w''"'  the  Courte  conceaved  would  tend 

to  the  vtter  onerthrow  and  destruccon  of  both  Plantations.' 

warfnt  to  take  in  ^  mocoii  was  made  by  peticon  that  the  Comp* :   would  please  to 

t'a'ine°Peeces'^"f  gi'^unt  vnto  the  peticoiiers  now  bound  for  Virginia  that  they  may  have 

ordinance.  a  Warrant  to  take  in  provision  and  certaine  peeces  of  Ordinance  fitt 

2  Comission?  for  ^nd  nccessary  for  a  Plantacon  as  likewise  two  Comissions  for  the 

'^^*  Maisters  and  Owners  of  the  Ships  such  as  in  like  case  is  vsually 

gi'aunted  by  the  Company,  w"*"  was  generally  condiscended  vnto  w* 

order  that  the  Seale  should  be  thervnto  affixed.     [147] 

SomerscaieB  Pat-  'j'j^g  Coui'tc  was  pleased  vppoii  rcqucst  to  appoynt  these  Comittees  for 
drawinge  of  M'  Somerscales  Pattent  vizd.  S''  lohn  Dauers.  M'  Herbert 
M'  Deputy  Ferrar,  M'  Gibbes. 

Patent  for  S'  Tho:  ^  niocon  was  made  likewise  for  a  Pattent  to  be  graunted  to  S'  Thomas 
Weynmau  and  his  Associates  to  plant  in  Virginia. 

Pattent  for  S'  W":  gr  JqJ^j-^  Dauers  movcd  that  the  Courte  would  please  to  give  order  for 
drawinge  a  Pattent  for  S'  William  Mounson  and  his  Associates  that 
they  may  have  for  Seaven  years  the  sole  benefitt  and  transportacon 
of  two  such  new  Comodities  as  they  shall  discouer  plant  or  fiiide  out 
in  Virginia  not  being  yett  discouered  planted  or  found  outt  by  any 
6.  of  y'  Pattentees  other  for  w''''  they  offerred  to  pay  one  Hundred  pounds  p  Annu  and 
Company.  to  plaute  twcuty  fivc  men  every  year  duringe  y"  said  Tearme  And 

moved  further  likewise  that  six  of  the  Pattentees  in  regarde  of  the 
great  charge  they  must  be  att  for  this  discouery  might  be  free  of  the 
Company. 

The  Courte  haveinge  duely  considered  of  the  premises  did  generallie 
condissend  thervnto,  and  gave  order  that  the  Pattent  should  be 
drawne  accordinglie.  Provided  thatt  the  names  of  the  Six  Pattentees 
that  are  desired  to  be  made  free  as  aforesaid  be  first  made  kiiowne 

'  The  petition  and  the  Order  in  Council  allowing  a  pole  importation  of  tobacco  appear  in  the  Privy 
Council  records  of  April  5  and  10.  A  printed  proclamation  for  the  restraint  of  the  disordered  trading 
for  tobacco  was  issued  June  29.     List  of  Records,  Nos.  167,  168,  184,  185,  pages  139  and  141,  anU. 


JULY  12,  1620 


399 


vnto  y^  Courte  and  allowed :  Provided  allso  that  there  be  an  excep  - 
tion  in  the  Pattent  of  all  Mynes  there  and  a  restrainte  that  they 
intermeddle  not  with  any  Lands  allredy  possessed. 

My  Lord  of  Southampton  delivered  certaine  peticons  vnto  m'  Deputy  Peticonc  refeird. 
Ferrar  to  be  consydered  of  by  the  Comittees.     [148] 


12  lULlJ  1620 

Att  a  generall  Courte  helde  in  the  afternoone 
FOR  Virginia  the  12^"  Iulij  1620 


Present 
the  Right  Hono*^ : 


Earle  of  Southampton  Tfer. 


S'  Thomas  Roe. 


Lord  Cauendish. 

S' 

Edwin  Sandys. 

Lord  Sheffeilde. 

S' 

lohn  Dauers. 

Lord  Haughton. 

s^ 

Robert  Killigrew. 

S'  Edward  Sackvill. 

S' 

Phillip  Carey. 

Docter  MeddowC 

m'  Challoner. 

m'  Widdowes. 

Thomas  Gibbes. 

m'  Wrothsbie. 

m^  Couell. 

X°:  Brooke  esqre. 

m"'  Ayscough. 

m'  Berbloc'k. 

m"'  lo:  Ferrar  Dep'^'. 

m''  Cart  Wright. 

m'  Wiseman. 

m''  Samuell  Wrote. 

m"^  Nicho :  Ferrar.          m"^  Boothby. 

D''  Anthony. 

m'  Whitley. 

m'  Cranmer. 

Peter  Humble. 

m'  Poxton. 

m'  TomkinC. 

W"  Oxenbridge. 

m'  Pett. 

m'  Edwards. 

Captaine  Argoll. 

m'  Bull. 

m'  Grardner. 

m'  Abbott. 

m''  Chambers. 

m^  Woodall. 

m"^  Hanforde. 

m*^  Palmer. 

m''  Benson. 

m''  Caswell. 

m'  Mellinge. 

m'  Swinhowe. 

m^  Cuffe. 
m''  Arundell 
w"'  divers  others 

16455— vol,  1—06 


-26 


400  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

My  Lo:  of  South-  gr  Edwin  Sandjs  signified  vnto  the  Courte  that  hee  had  received 
amp  on.  notice  that  my  Lord  of  Southampton  was  vppon  some  speciall  occa- 

sion w""  the  Lords  of  the  Councell  and  could  not  be  present  heere  till 
Peticon?  to  be  three  of  the  Clock  whervppon  itt  was  agreed  that  the  peticons  exhib- 
ited vnto  this  Courte  should  in  the  meane  time  be  read  and  considered 
of  and  accordinglie  receive  ett  their  answer. 


read, 


Thomas  Seisby  to  Yppon  the  humblc  Pcticon  of  lohn'  Selsby  that  her  husband  Thomas 
[anY°^  ^^  "^  ^^^^  i^  Virginia  might  returne  w"'  the  firstpassage  for  England,  who 
went  oner  w'**  Captaine  Lawne  as  a  voluntary  att  his  owne  charge 
haveinge  here  a  wife  and  4  Children  in  great  distress  for  want  of 
means  vppon  whome  his  ffather  a  verie  aged  man  will  bestowe  some 
thinge  att  his  returne,  the  Court  is  pleased  to  graunt  her  request  for 
her  said  husbands  returne  home. 

m' Peirce  his  peti.  Touchiuge  m'  Pcirce  his  peticon  for  two  hundred  pound  of  y^  Com- 
Audit'o"'^'^  °  ^  panie  formerly  ordered  to  be  paide  to  m'  Rolfe  to  his  vse  as  by  the 
bill  of  [149]  Exchange  vnder  the  Cape  MarchantC  hand  may  appeare 
w"*"  monny  is  not  yett  paid  as  hee  affirmeth,  The  Courte  therfore 
hath  referred  the  further  examinacon  of  his  said  peticon  vnto  the 
Audito"  who  are  to  certifie  the  truth  therof  vnto  the  Courte. 

Luke  Burden  to  Yppon  the  rcqucst  of  Captaine  Warde  for  the  returne  of  Luke  Burden 
com  or  ng  an  .^^^^  England  uow  dctcyncd  in  Virginia  for  takinge  a  way  certaine 
goods  from  the  Indians  there  The  Courte  was  pleased  to  order  that 
a  letter  should  be  write  to  S'  George  Yeardley  Gouernor  of  Virginia  to 
pmitt  the  said  Luke  Burden  to  come  ouer  if  hee  be  onely  deteyned  for 
that  ffact  (and  no  other)  w'^  w""  Cap'  Warde  stood  himselfe  charged 
and  was  by  fauore  acquited. 

Planter?  to  take  ^  mocou  was  made  w'"''  was  generally  agreed  vnto  that  those  that  go 
giance  oucr  to  Virginia  as  Planters  should  first  take  the  Oath  of  llegiance  to 

be  administred  vnto  them  by  some  cheife  Magestrate  there  where  they 
shall  embarke  themselvs  who  by  letter  from  hence  should  receive 
direccon  to  administer  the  same  and  to  returne  their  names  to  be 
entred  here  in  a  Register  Booke  for  that  purpose  to  be  kept. 

'  This  word  was  originally  written  John,  and  an  a  ie  written  over  the  o. 


JULY  1'2,  1620  401 

M'' Ayskough  acquainted  the  Courte  that  hee  had  himself  e  paid  into  S'  ""'  Ayskough  re- 
Thomas  Smith  att  two  seuerall  payments  75"  in  monny  as  by  his  bills  -^^^^    "  ^ 
theirof  appeared  butt  hee  found  that  hee  was  entred  12":  10':  00  short 
of  y*  said   some  for  w""  hee  now  craved  allowance,  whervppon  the 
Court  ordered  that  itt  should  be  referrd  to  the  examinacon  of  the 
Audito"  to  certefie  therof . 

Thomas  Kiddar  of  London  Sheremaker  in  his  peticon  desyred  that  '^^"/_  ^id'iar  his 

his  Sonne  Thomas  might  returne  for  England  (beinge  the  Apj^rentice  ^.,  comitteeJ^ 

of  one  lenkinson  of  London  Haberdasher  for  vij  years  as  by  his  Inden  - 

ture  enrolled  mayappearevntowhome  his  said  ffather  gave  his  bound 

for  his  trueth  and  abode  with  him  wherof  hee  nowe  stands  in  daunger 

his  said  Sonne  beinge  entysed  away  by  one  Edward  Cross  to  goe  ouer 

with  him  to  Virginia  where  hee  enhabited)  the  Courte  here  vppon 

ordered  that  the  Peticon  be  referred  to  the  Comittees  vizd  m'  Case- 

well,  and  m'  Berblock  who  are  appoynted  to  examine  the  same  and  to 

certifie  therof  accordinglie.     [150] 

Elizabeth  Smale  Widdowe  in  her  peticon  desyred  that  the  Company  Eliza:  Smaie  to  ad- 
would  please  to  take  into  their  hands  the  dividend  allotted  vnto  her  c^^a^^oT'^^  '^ 
Husband  in  Virginia  in  consideracon  of  his  Eleaven  years  service 
thervnto  the  Company  that  they  would  bestowe  vppon  her  some 
monney  to  discharge  the  Debt  beinge  15"  vnto  a  Chirvrgion  vnder 
whose  hands  shee  hath  continued  ever  since  her  cominge  ouer,  And 
further  craveth  a  stipend  for  her  better  mayntenance  duringe  her  life, 
The  Courte  beer  vppon  ordered  that  shee  should  addresse  herselfe  to 
Captaine  Argoll  to  examine  the  truth  of  her  said  peticon  and  to  certifie 
therof  accordinglie. 

Thomas  Wale  Mercer  in  his  peticon  sheweth  that  wheras  hee  liadd  ^ho:  waie  Mercer 
engaged  himself e  to  pay  butt  25"  Adventure  towards  a  Second  ff ish  - 
inge  Voyadge  vppon  the  North  Coast  of  Virginia  hee  informeth  that 
m''  Spruson  and  m'' Webb  (who  is  now  dead)  and  through  their  inces- 
sant imptunytie  vniustly  drawue  from  him  att  two  seuerall  ]iayments 
75"  more  then  his  said  Adventure  \\^^  made  itt  vpp  one  hundred  pro- 
tendinge  that  hee  had  subscribed  for  payment  of  so  much;  Wher\-p- 


402  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

M^  Spruson  to  pQ^  ^,116  Court  Ordered  that  ^Spruson  who  is  yett  liveinge  should 

crmpt?'"    '^    "^  after  a  fortnights  lawefull  warninge  given  him  bring  in  his  Aecompts 

to  the  Courte  to  be  audited,  and  in  defect  of  a  Courte  to  the  Deputy 

and  generall  Comittees. 

100"  to  be  paide  to  Elizabeth  Barkly  in  her  Peticon  desyred  of  the  Comp* :  100"  in  pt  of 
Elizabeth  Barkiey  payment  of  a  greater  Some  due  vnto  her  Husband  and  that  they  would 
give  order  to  the  Audito"  to  hasten  the  examininge  of  her  Aecompts. 
Whervppon  the  Coui't  condiscended  to  pay  her  100"  assoone  as  mon- 
neys  came  in  provided  that  shee  give  securitie  to  repay  the  same 
againe  if  vppon  the  Auditinge  of  her  AccomptC  itt  were  found  not  to 
be  due  vnto  her. 

lohnWoodrecorn- lohn  Wood  in  Ms  Peticou  desyred  that  the  Courte  would  please  in 
ended  to  y'  Gou-  regard  hcc  is  rcsolvcd  to  inhabite  in  Virginia,  to  graunt  him  8  Shares 
orvirginia"™^*^  ^'^  Elizabeth  Riuer,  for  8  Shares  of  Land  formerly  graunted  vnto  him, 
because  theron  is  Timber  fittinge  for  his  [151]  turne,  and  water 
sufficient  to  Launch  such  Ships  as  shalbe  there  built  for  the  vse  and 
service  of  the  Company ;  The  Courte  herevppon  hath  ordered  and 
agreed  to  recomend  the  consideracon  of  the  premises  vnto  the  Grou- 
ernor  and  Counsell  of  Virginia  to  deale  therin  as  they  shall  thinke  fitt. 

Tho:  Moreman?  Thomas  Morcmau  signified  in  his  Peticon  that  hee  went  to  Virginia 

peticon   graunted.   -^  ^  gj^j^^  ^^^^^^    ^^^    g^^^  ^^^^^   -^^  ^^^  ^^^^^    -^gj^g    j^    ^llC    CompauicS 

service  wherin  hee  still  remayneth  vnder  the  Comaund  of  Captaine 
MathewC.  Butt  for  so  much  as  hee  hath  now  sattisfied  the  Company 
the  charge  they  have  been  att  in  placeinge  him  there  as  their  Ten- 
nant,  hee  desyreth  his  freedome  and  withall  that  proporcon  of  Land 
as  is  vsually  allotted  to  others  in  the  like  kiude  w'~"  tbe  request  the 
Courte  thought  verie  reasonable  and  did  generally  assent  therevnto. 

y'  Lord  of  South-  My  Lord  of  Southampton  beinge  now  com  to  the  Courte  declared  that 
ampton  Com  to  j^^g  abscuce  and  long  stay  was  aboute  buisines  of  y"  Companies  and 
that  hee  had  receaved  a  gracious  answere  from  his  Ma"" :  concerninge 
a  gratiouB  aun-  their  pcticon  against  the  restraint  of  Tobacco  who  was  pleased  to 
from^hisMav'con'^-  affirms  that  itt  was  never  his  meaninge  to  graunt  any  thinge  that 
terninge    y'    re-  might  be  preiudicall  to  any  of  both  those  Plantacons  and  therfore 

Btraint  of  Tobacco. 

'A  blank  space  in  the  manuscript. 


JULY  m,  1620  403 

had  referrd  itt  to  the  Consideracon  of  the  Lords  of  the  Counsell,  w'" 
whome  my  Loi'd  of  Southampton  saide  hee  had  beeiie  all  that  while, 
and  that  their  Lo''' :  desyred  that  certaine  of  the  Company  might  attend 
the  hearinge  of  the  cause  vppon  fryday  next  in  the  afternoone.  w*^*" 
the  Court  generally  assented  vnto. 

After  the  ActC  of  the  former  Courts  were  read  Captaine  Argoll  took  Cap'  ArgoU  iusti- 
oecasion  to  except  against  some  certaine  words  of  an  order  touchiuge  '^^'^  ^^  '"  ^^ 
him  att  the  last  Quarter  Courte  held  in  the  Afternoone,  alledging 
that  hee  did  never  vnduely  taxe  the  Company  as  that  order  did  declare. 
Whervppon  the  Courte  evidentlie  made  itt  appear  vnto  him  y'  hee 
was  in  an  error,  and  thervppon  did  iustifie  the  said  order  to  be  truly 
sett  downe.     [152] 

Vppon  Cap'  Argolk  request  the  Courte  was  pleased  to  give  order  Cap-ArgoU  to haue 
vnto  the  Secretary  to  deliver  him  Coppies  of  Orders  concerninge  him-  Poppies  of  order.s 

-'  '"■  '^  concerninge    him- 

selte  and  Captaine  Brewster.  ^eif  &  Cap'  Brew^t- 

ter 

Itt  was  vppon  mocon  ordered  and  by  erecCon  of  hands  generally  The  Courte  con- 
assented  vnto  that  the  Courte  in  respect  of  many  buisinesses  y'  were  ''""s*^ 
to  be  dispatched  should  be  continued  till  all  matters  were  determyned. 

These   Comittees   beinge  chosen  the  last  Quarter  Courte  butt  not  Comittees  swome. 
sworne  did  now  take  their  Oath,  vizd,  m'  Bland,  m'  Wiseman,  nV 
Whitley,  m'  Clerke ;  And  the  Secretary  in  like  manner  being  then  secre:  swome. 
chosen  did  allso  now  take  his  Oath. 

M'  Robert  Somerscalk  Proiect  concerninge  the  curinge  and  ordering  m'    somerscaiic 
of  Tobacco  beinge  now  putt  to  the  question  whether  itt  would  please  Proiect  allowed, 
the  Company  to  allowe  therof,  and  to  giue  order  for  drawing  his 
Patent  was  generally  approved  and  by  ereccon  of  hands  ratified  and 
confirmed. 

Concerninge  the  Proiect  for  makinge  of  Drinck  in  Virginia  being  an  The   Proiect   for 
artificiall  wine  made  of  vegetable  growinge  there  naturally  in  great  "^^'^'"K'^ofDrmok 

1        ,       -r,       ■  n  1  1/^.  1  ^'^^  irginia  relerrd 

plenty  itt  is  referred  to  these  Comittees  to  consider  therof  vizd.  S'  to  the  Comittees. 
lohn  Dauers,  M''  Docter  Anthony  M'  Doctor  Gulstone  M'  Deputy, 
M'  Smith,  Captaine  Bargraue  M'  Darnelly,  M'  Whitley,  who  are  to 


404  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIROINIA  COMPANY 

make  reporte  of  their  opynious  herein  and  to  compound  w"'  the 
Author  as  they  shall  thinke  fitt.^ 

Comiseion  to  in'  Yppon  a  mocou  made  order  was  given  for  the  graunt  of  a  Comission 
'^^  to  m'  Tracey  and  that  the  Seale  should  be  there  vnto  applyed." 

Another    for    >•  Another  likewise  to  the  M'  of  the  Bona  Nona. 

Bona  Nona. 

S'W-Mouuson.:  Another  allso  to  S'  William  Mounson  and  his  Associates. 

A  Pattent  to  m'  j^f  ^yg^g  allso  agi^eed  that  aecordinge  to  a  mocon  made  a  Pattent  should 
be  graunted  to  m'  Pelham  and  his  Associates  for  Transporting  &' 
plantinge  of  a  Collony  in  Virginia.     [153] 

my  Lo:  of  South-  These  matters  beinge  ordered  as  aforesaid  my  Lord  of  Southampton 
y"'(>!m"paryTogoe  desyred  the  Company  that  they  will  now  w"*  the  same  alaeritie  & 
on  cherfaiiy  c.  checrfullnes  of  mj' udc  as  they  should  ever  flnde  in  him  goe  on  to  the 
dispatch  of  those  waightie  buisinesses  coiSitted  to  then*  care  and 
charge,  w''*'  for  expedicon  sake  were  divided  into  parts  and  comended 
to  seuerall  Comittees  here  vppon  the  appoynted  Comittees  promised 
with  all  care  and  dilligence  to  expedite  the  same  accordinglie,  his  Lo^: 
desyred  further  that  a  speciall  Comittee  might  be  desyred  to  attend 
the  Eli'  of  his  Ma" :  Counsell  vppon  ffryday  next  about  the  Peticon 
referred  by  his  Ma"^:  vnto  their  tt*"^:  concerninge  the  restraint  of 
Tobacco  whervppon  these  Comittees  were  noiated  vizd 

S'  EdM^ard  Saekuill.  m'  Deputy.  m'  Nicholas  Ferrar. 

S'  Edwin  Sandys.  m"'  Gibbes.  m''  Cartwright. 

S'  lohn  Dauers.  m''  Wrote.  m''  Ditchfeild. 

S'  Phillip  Cary.  m'  Cranmer.  m'  Casewell,  & 

m'  Brooke.  m'  Berblock. 

Who  are  all  appoynted  to  meet  for  a  Consultacon  att  S'  lohn  Dauer< 
house  vppon  ffryday  next  halfe  an  hower  after  twelue.  And  are  then 
&  there  allso  to  consider  of  the  peticon  concerninge  the  ffishinge  att 
Cape  Codd  to  be  exhibited  likewise  to  the  \AI  • 

'  A  discussion  of  tliis  project  is  given  in  List  of  Records,  No.  186,  page  141,  ante. 
"This  commission  is  cited  in  List  of  Records,  No.  189,  page  142,  ante. 


JULY  18,  1620 


405 


An  extraordinary  Courte  helde  18"  Iulu 
1620  ther  beinge 


Present. 

The  Right  Honorable  Earle  of  Southampton. 

S'  Edwin  Sandys. 
S'  lohn  Dauers. 


m'  Gibbes. 

m"'  Dep'  Ferrar. 

m'  Wrote. 

m'  D""  Anthony. 

m'  Robert  Smith. 

m"'  Sheppard. 

Cap'  Bargraue. 

m''  lohn  Smith. 

Cap'  Nuce. 

m'  Chambers. 


m"'  Cranmer. 
m'  Darnelly. 
m"'  Whitley, 
m"^  Ditchfeild. 
m'  Case  well. 
m"  Berblock. 
m"^  Hopton. 
m''  Ruggle. 
m''  Couell. 
m"'  Abdy. 
m'  Aires, 
m""  Nieho :  Ferrar. 
m'  Wiseman. 


m''  TomkinC. 

m'  WelK. 

m''  Swinhowe. 

m"'  Leuer. 

m'  Couell. 

m'  Felgate. 

m"'  Barnard. 

m"^  Widdowes. 

m''Ab:  Chamberlyn. 

m'  Sywarde. 

m"^  Mellinge. 

m''  Poulson. 

m'  Morewood. 


m"^  Bay  nam. 
m''  Penistone. 
m"^  Vyner. 
m'  George  Smith, 
m'  Woodall. 
m''  Ewins. 
m'  Sparrow, 
m'  Roberta 
and  m'  Arundell.      [154] 

The  Courte  takinge  into  ConsideraiSon  the  treatie  w'h  the  vndertakers  ^''^  ^o'"^  wUmge 
for  the  sole  sellinge  of  Tobacco  fyndinge  the  proporcon  for  Virginia  to  ''' 


406  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

be  so  small  as  not  possible  to  be  divided  amongst  such  a  multitude  of 

people  w""  any  shaddow  of  Content,  and  consideringe  that  the  Somer 

Ilands  haveinge  no  meanes  to  subsiste  butt  meerly  by  the  vent  of  their 

Tobai'co  will  stand  in  need  of  all  help  w"''  in  that  kinde  may  be  given 

y  55000  waight  to  them  have  consented  that  the  wholl  55000  waight  of  Tobacco  allowed 

oniv*^to°^y''*so-  ^^  be  veutcd  in  this  Realme  by  both  the  Plantacons  shalbe  appro - 

iiauac  Company    prvated  to  that  of  the  Somer  Hands  alone,  And  themselvs  shall  humbly 

submirt  themselvs  to  his  Ma"*'':  royall  pleasure  declai'ed  in  his  last 

Proclama  and  forbear  to  bringe  any  Tobacco  att  all  this  yeare  nothinge 

doubtinge  butt  his  Ma'^ :  in  his  Princely  Consideracon  will  Comisserate 

y*"  Estate  of  the  poore  ])eople  in  that  Plantacon  and  restore  them  to  theu' 

liberty  when  hee  shall  see  time  convenyent,  In  the  mean  season 

ptestinge  against  the  Vndertakers  of  this  late  Proiect  tendinge  not 

onely  to  the  hurt  butt  allso  to  the  vtter  ruyneof  both  the  Plantacons. 

A  comittee  to  con-  The  Courte  bcingc  resolved  as  aforesaid  to  f orbeare  the  bringinge  into 
Kider  of  y  fittei^t  j]j-,o.^g^^^^[  ^ny  Tobacco  from  Virginia  this  yeare  butt  to  send  the  same 

course  for  a  Maga-  ^  J  o  j 

zine  or  storeiiouse  to  fflushingc,  Middlcbrough  or  any  other  parts  to  be  vented  there  did 
att  ffiushinge  c.  appoyut  thcsc  Comittees  here  vndernamed  to  consult  and  resolue  of 
the  fittest  Course  to  be  taken  for  providinge  of  a  Magazine  or  Store- 
house there,  and  to  treat  w"*  the  States  ther  by  letters  for  the  bring- 
inge in  and  carryinge  outt  of  the  Tobacco  att  the  easiest  rates.  And 
to  consider  of  the  best  meanes  allso  for  the  orderinge  and  Sale  therof 
by  ffacto"  to  the  moste  advantage  of  the  Company,  viz**:  all  the  gen- 
erall  Comittees  assisted  w"'  S'  lohn  Dauers,  M''  Wrote,  M"'  Gibbes, 
M'  Berblock,  M'  Chamberlyne,  M'  Cranmer,  M'  Sheppard,  M'  Wise- 
man M'  Deputy,  M'  Smith,  M'  Chambers,  M'  Clarke,  M'  Nicho: 
Fen-ar  M'  Casewell,  M'  Mellinge. 


^fe"- 


CoiTiitte^  to  at-  Thcsc  Comittecs  are  appoynted  to  attend  the  Lord  Arch  Bishope  of 
bidhu'p  of  Cant.  Cauuterburie  w'"  the  Declaracon  of  the  Supplies  intended  to  be  sent 
to  Virginia  this  year  C,  and  shew  the  amendment  there  vppon  sub- 
mittinge  the  consideracon  therof  vnto  his  Grace  to  dyrect  what  hee 
shall  tliinke  to  leave  outt  or  putt  in.  And  w^'^all  to  move  his  grace 
that  the  Booke  now  phibited  by  his  gracious  Comaundem'  may  againe 


JULY18,16W  407 

passe  abrodeand  be  published,  vizd  m'Gibbs,  m'  Deputy,  m'  Berblock 
and  Captaine  Bargraue.     [155] 

M'  Doctor  Anthony  haveinge  brought  two  bills  of  Adventure  of  xij"  x'  2  bills  passed  to 
a  peece,  the  ffirst  from  Ambros  Austin  of  High  Holborne  the  other     "  ^   ^^^ 
from  loane  Dawkes  widow  both  vnder  the  Companies  Seale   and 
allowed  of  vnder  the  Audito"  hands  beinge  now  desyrous  to  have  them 
passe  the  approbacon  of  this  Courte  was  accordingly  graunted  and 
confirmed. 

M'  Edward  Kirbie  who  went  to  Virginia  in  the  Bona  Noua  in  lune  M' Edward  Kirbie 
last  w*  an  intent  their  to  plant  att  his  owne  charge  where  hee  hath  aiiowedtobemade 

ffrcc 

alredy  lefte  a  Servnnt  whose  passage  hee  j)aid  for,  ||as  by||  a  certificate 
appears  &  beinge  returned  w""  a  purpose  to  transporte  more  people 
thither  was  now  allowed  to  be  ffree  of  this  Company  and  order  given 
to  m'  Deputy  to  certifie  so  much  to  the  ffermer  of  the  Custome. 

Itt  was  moved  and  generally  assented  vnto  that  a  Ire  should  be  drawne  a  tre:  to  be  writ- 
to  the  Gouernor  and  Counsell  for  Virginia  siguifvinge  the  graunt  of  a  ten  to  r  Gouemor 

^     .  ^       /       °  °  to  signitie  of  a  Pat- 

Pattent  vnto  S''  William  Mounson  and  his  Associates  accordinge  to  an  ent  graunted  to  S' 
order  of  a  former  Courte  w*  Ire  beinge  so  drawne  itt  was  referred  to  ^^'°-  Mounson. 
S'  lohn  Dauers  and  m"^  Deputy  to  mend  and  make  itt  agreable  to  the 
said  Order  of  Courte. 

Concerninge  M'  Wye  his  peticon  although  the  Courte  had  iust  cause  .v'  m'  Wye  win  ao- 
to  reiect  the  same  in  regard  hee  had  wronged  the  Company  in  the  roTi"i  hirpedcon 
verie  title  therof  by  tearminge  this  soe  worthie  a  Societie  and  Corpo-  and  submitt  him- 
racon  no  better  then  Traders  to  Virginia,  and  grounded  his  Peticon  seife  to  >■•  award  of 

,.,  .  ,  .        ,  .  ^         .      .  ,  ,  V' Courte  It  shallv 

likewise  vppon  vntruthes  m  denyinge  any  Comission  to  be  gi"aiinted  kiiowed. 
vnto  him  or  that  hee  hadd  done  the  Company  any  Damadge  w'^''  was 
apparantlie  approved  against  him  yett  if  the  said  Wye  would  acknowl- 
edge his  grosse  error  in  y"  direccon  of  his  said  Peticon  and  amend  the 
same,  and  withall  submitt  himself e  to  the  awarde  and  sentence  of  the 
Courte  concerninge  the  differences  between  him  and  the  Company, 
and  concerninge  the  sute  betweene  him  and  m'  Deputy  the  Courte 


408  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

would  then  allow  of  his  Peticon  and  take  itt  into  their  consideracon 
otherwise  did  vtterly  reiect  the  same. 

reporte  of  m'  Reporte  beinge  made  vnto  this  Courte  that  m'  Woodall  had  scandal - 

dau''JfV  printed  izcd  the  bookc  lately  sett  out  by  his  Ma":  Couneell  for  Virginia  by  a 

Booke  most  disgraeefull  Tearme  in  callyng  itt  a  lybell  w""  w'^''  hee  being 

charged  sought  by  a  redieulous  interpretacon  of  that  word  accord - 

inge  to  the  sense  itt  bears  in  Latin  in  some  sorte  to  extenuate  and 

excuse.     [156] 

A  fowie  aspertion  Butt  f or  that  itt  was  further  allso  laide  to  his  charge  that  hee  had 
an'\'^o'n's''Ed'  impudentlie  cast  a  foule  aspercon  vppon  S''  Edwin  Sandys  Knight  in 
Sandys  sayiugc  hee  did  butt  vsurpe  the  Authoritie  of  the  Courte;  The  Com- 

Tho  examinacon  pauy  were  herewith  exceedingly  moved  and  here  vppon  did  forth w**" 
daiis  to  be  referred  Order  ||that||  the  examinacou  of  both  his  disgraeefull  Scandalls  should 
to  y-  next  Quarter  ^e  referred  to  the  censure  of  the  next  Quarter  Courte  And  in  the  means 
time  hee  should  remayne  suspended  from  the  Courts. 

M'  Paulson  j  bill  M''  Paulson  assigned  2  bills  of  Adventure  one  to  m'  Andrewes  the 
to  n.'  Andrews  1  ^^^^^  ^^  ^r  Greene. 

to  m'  (jreen. 

Right  ordered  to  Mathew  Scizemorc  haveinge  desyred  the  Courte  to  doe  her  right  for 
bedonetoMathew  ^^^^  ^^lee  had  payd  for  her  passage  and  yett  was  att  the  charge  of 

Seizemore.  sr    j  i-  ^  j  o 

victualliuge  herselfe    The  Courte  ordered  that  right  should  be  done 
her  accordinglie  as  itt  had  been  to  others  in  the  like  case. 


!.™?^"rL' L!"^!  lohn  Grocer  and  Susan  his  wife  peticoned  that  their  sonne  lohn  might 
returne  for  Eugli 
of  Southampton. 


returne  for  England  w"''  was  graunted  and  subscribed  vnto  by  y^  Earle 


NOVEMBER  4,  1G20 


409 


Att  a  Courte  helde  y^  4''"  of  Nouember  1620 


r 


Present 
Right  Honorable 


Earle  of  Southampton. 
Lord  Cauendish. 
S'  Thomas  Roe. 
S^  Willia  Fleetwood. 
S'  Ferdinando  Gorges. 


m'  Gibbes. 
m"^  Herbert, 
m"^  Seldon. 
m'  Bromfeild. 
Cap*  Bargraiie. 
m''  Gulstone. 
D'  Anthony. 


m"^  Barbor. 
m'  Bowyer. 
m'  Deputy, 
m"'  Keightley. 
m''  TomlynC. 
m"'  Stiles. 
m'  Sheppard. 
m"^  Cranmer. 
m'  Welk. 


S"^  Edward  Lawley. 
S"'  Edwin  Sandys. 
S''  lohn  Dauers. 
S^  Robert  Killigrew. 
S''Io:  Wolstenholme. 


m'  Case  well, 
m'  Ditchfeild. 
m'  Rogers, 
m'  Berbloek. 
m'  Swinhow. 
m"'  Mellinge. 
m'  Meuerell. 
m'  Paulson, 
m"'  Palmer, 
m'  Roberta. 


m' lad  win. 
m'  Chambers, 
m^  Bull, 
m''  Bland, 
m^  Whitley, 
m''  Seward, 
m'  Martin, 
m"^  Barkham. 
&  m'  Arundell. 


My  Lord  of  Southampton  signified  vnto  this  Courte  that  though  for  My  Lo:  of  south- 
many  important  occasions  his  owne  leasure  served  him  not  till  now  ''™p'''° 
to  keep  Courte,  yett  hee  doubted  not  butt  those  Comittees  that  hadd 
any  buisines  heretofore  recomended  vnto  their  pticularr  care  and 
charge  were  now  redie  to  give  a  verie  good  Accompt  of  then-  pro- 
ceedings therin  accordingly.     [157] 

His  Lo'':  further  signified  that  hee  had  received  breife  tres  of  the  saffe  Letters receined of 
arivall  in  Virginia  of  all  those  Ships  save  one  w'"  were  sent  the  last  >;,  "^^"'^  ^""'^'  ""^ 

all   \     ships   saue 

Springe  And  that  three  of  the  best  of  them  had  made  a  prosperous  one.' 
Voyadge  in  six  weeks  or  there  aboutes,  And  that  of  200  psons  trans- 
ported in  y*  Jonathan  there  died  aboue  16 :  Of  70 :  in  the  Swann  of 


410  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

Barnstable  not  one,  of  200 :  in  the  London  Marchaut  but  one  onely, 
And  that  the  Dutie  in  her  long  passage  had  likewise  lost  one ;  And 
lastly  that  of  the  number  of  the  Cattle  w"''  they  then  allso  sent  thej^ 
had  intelligence  by  the  reporte  of  one  man  that  they  had  lost  tenn  for 
Vf"^  they  had  againe  in  their  passage  8  Calues,  butt  there  was  no 
certificate  thereof  as  yett  returned  from  the  Gouernor. 

The  Abigail  enter-  Hls  Lo'' :  haveiuge  desjTed  the  Company  to  thinke  of  the  preparacon 
tayned  ^^  Ships  to  be  sent  this  next  Springe  M'  Deputy  gave  notice  of  a  verie 

good  convenyent  Ship  called  the  Abigail  of  about  350  Tunn  belonging 
to  m"'  Bland,  m'  Wiseman,  and  some  others  brothers  of  this  Societie 
that  was  now  offered  to  goe  vppon  the  same  Condieons  that  the  Jon- 
athan and  London  Marchant  did  the  last  Springe,  vizd.  to  Transports 
in  her  200  Persons  and  50  Tunn  of  goods,  for  700":  in  hand  and  600" 
v|3pon  Certificate  of  Arivall  in  Virginia  w"*"  offer  the  Courte  thought 
verie  reasonable,  and  did  generally  assent  thervnto. 


TheAbigaiitotake  Itt  was  likewise  moved  that  for  the  more  comodiousnes   and    for 
'-EeoMViLt''"  P<'^^i"iiige  of  ||people||  the  better  people  that  the  Abigail  might  take  in 
her  people  att  the  He  of  Wight :  And  that  some  other  ships  might  be 
sent  from  Barnstable  by  the  help  of  m""  Delbridge  who  was  reported 
to  have  deserved  well  of  the  Company  for  his  care  and  paynes  hith- 
siiiim  to  w  .•^ent  gj-^o  afforded,  w''"  m"  Delbridge  promised  still  to  continue  to  the  good 
arnb  a  e.    ^^  ^^^^^^  Pltiutacon,  and  would  vse  his  best  endeavour  to  doe  the  Com- 
pany service,  And  therfore  desired  that  the  Court  would  be  pleased 
for  their  better  encourragmeut  &  enablinge  of  them  to  transporte  their 
ni'  DeihridKe  de-  Passeugers,  to  take  some  present  coiirse  that  hee  might  have  free 
""^v'  ■" "'  ^ ''^°"  libertie  to  ffish  vppon  the  Northren  Seas  as  formerly  they  had  done 
from  w'^"  as  hee  conceived  they  were  vtterlie   debarred  by  a  late 
graunt  from  his  Ma"*:  to  S'  Ferdinando  Gorges  and  some  others. 

A  new  I'atent  Whcrvppou  S''  Edwiu  Saudys  did  intimate  vnto  the  Courte  y'  hee  was 
i)<'iire<i  i.y  s'  icr-  i^fonned  y'  S'  Ferdinando  Gorges  had  pcured  vnto  himself e  and 

uiDando  Cjrorges.  ''  n  * 

others  a  new  Patent  (now  passed  his  Ma":  great  Seale,)  wherin  cer- 
taine  words  were  conveyed  that  did  not  onely  contradict  a  former 
order  of  the  EL":  of  the  Couusell,  w''"  their  L^":  after  a  full  hearinge 
of  the  allegacons  on  both  sides  and  sett  downe  in  lune  last  by  w**" 


NOVEMBER  k,  1620  411 

this  Company  had  yeilded  some  pt  of  their  right  to  doe  them  good, 
[158]  and  therby  promised  to  ffish,  onely  for  their  necessities  and 
transportation  of  People  in  tender  regaurd  of  the  infancie  of  that  J^^|^^°\|^^^'j!Y 
Plantacon  butt  by  this  new  graunt  the  Adventurers  of  the  Northerne  ing  in  r  N'. 
Collony  had  allso  vtterlie  exehided  them  of  the  Sotherne  from  fish- 
inge  att  all  vppon  that  Coaste  without  their  leave  and  lycense  first 
sought  and  obteyned,  w"""  was  contrary  &  manifestlie  repughnt  to 
that  comunitie  and  ff reedome  w*^*"  his  Ma''' :  by  the  first  Patent  as  is 
conceived  hath  beene  pleased  to  graunt  vnto  either  Collony/ 

The  Courte  therfore  seeinge  no  reason  why  they  should  loose  their 

former  right  graunted  vnto  them  by  the  first  Patent  the  Sea  allso 

beinge  to  all  as  ffree  and  conion  as  the  Ayre,  and  fyndinge  less  reason 

why  S'  Ferdinando   Gorges   should    now   appropriate   and   make   a 

Monopolie  of  y'  fishinge  w''*'  had  allredie  cost  this  Company  6000" : 

and  was  the  onely  means  lefte  (now  the  Lotteries  were  allmost  spent 

and  other  supply  began  to  faile)  to  enhable  them  to  transport  their 

people  and  susteyne  their  Plantacon  w^'all :  did  w""  a  generall  Con  -  -^  Peticon  to  be 

sent  resolve  forthwith  to  peticon  to  his  Ma"^:  for  a  redresse  herein,  ^il^^^    ° 

and  to  pray  a  further  Declaracon  of  his  highnes  gracious  pleasure 

and  intention  concerninge  that  Clause  of  prohibition  and  restrainte 

incerted  in  the  New  Pattent,  wherby  they  were  defeated  of  their  AComittee  todraw 

libertie  of  ffishinge,  Whervppon  they  appoynted  theise  Comittees  to  ' 

drawe  the  said  peticon  and  to  make  itt  in  substance  agi'eeable  to  those 

three  poyntC  S"'  Edwin  Sandys  had  delinked  in  open  Courte,  And  for 

that  S"'  Thomas  Roe  said  that  bee  was  the  next  day  to  goe  to  the  f^^^^^^t^**'^'' 

Courte  they  desired  him  to  plsent  the  same  to  his  Ma'^' : 


S''  Edwin  Sandys  desyred  the  Company  to  consider  how  behoufull  itt  '^^e  printed  Pubii- 
was  to  sett  forth  a  printed  publicacon  that  might  in  effect  conteyne  4^1^vnt^^  one\ne 
these  fower  poynts. 

First  to  solicite  the  lustices  of  Peace  generally  for  sendinge  to  this  ^ 

Company  all  such  younge  youthes  of  15  years  of  age  and  vpward  as  uces"  for^.4ndi"i'e 

they  shall  finde  burthensome  to  the  Parish  wher  they  live  w""  the  of  younge  youthes. 

'  The  order  to  the  Solicitor  General  for  the  preparation  of  this  patent  is  mentioned  in  List  of 
Records,  No.  192,  page  142,  anic. 


412  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

Sume  of  ffive  pounds  in  monny  towards  a  farr  gi-eater  charge  w""  the 
Company  must  be  att  for  their  apparrell  and  transportacon  into  Vir- 
ginia wher  they  shalbe  entertayned  in  good  manner  as  servants  and 
apprentizes  vnder  the  Companies  Tennt<. 

■-  The  Second  poynt  to  be  in  the  behalfe  of  the  Lottarie  now  of  late 

Tr  ^te^oTmai^  ^^''^  ^^^^^^  disgraced  that  itt  may  be  deliuered  of  many  fowle  asper- 

fowie  Aspersion?"  sious  vniustly  cast  vppon  itt  by  malignna  tounges:  notwithstand - 

inge  [159]  itt  is  evident  that  the  monney  thereof  arisinge  hath  sent 

allredie  to  Virginia  800  Personns  to  the  great  advancement  of  that 

Plantacon. 

3-  Thirdly  to  hasten  the  dispatch  of  these  things  against  January  next. 

■*  Foirrthly  to  putt  such  Aduenturors  in  mynde  of  their  subscripcons  as 

smh"*A.(iuent'"aa  have  uot  as  yctt  paid  in  their  monneys  as  likewise  to  intimate  vnto 
haue  not  paid  in  them  what  authoritic  and  power  the  Company  hath  by  his  Ma"*^ : 
theirsubscnpconc.  gpacious  Ircs  Pattents  to  recouer  the  same  by  suite  if  they  shall  will- 
fully stand   outt   in  poynt  of   Lawe  and   soe  compell   them   to  vse 
extreamities. 

M'  RoynoidB  to  be  j^jr  Delbridgc  movcd  that  the  Courte  would  be  pleased  to  admitt  one 
b7n  of  Aduent'l  rn"'  Reynolds  to  be  ffree  of  this  Company  for  w'^''  favour  hee  would  pay 
pealed.  his   xij"  x'.  w""*  requcst  the   Courte   thought   verie   reasonable   and 

ordered  that  hee  should  have  a  bill  of  Aduenture   given  him  vnder 

y*  Comp":  Scale. 

The  Comittees  for  ]yjy  Lord  of  Sovithamptou  prayed  the  Comittees  that  were  appoynted 

mjceslary^  pmds^  to  make  somc  ucccssary  pvisions  for  the  setting  vpp  of  the  Staple 

ions  for  staple  Comoditics  in  Virginia  aed  §as§  likewise  those  w"*"  were  desyred  to 

^ui!n!!iTfn*"''of  *^^^  some  extraordinary  paynes  for  the  stablishinge  of  good  gouer- 

cood  );oii9m'  to  mput  there  that  they  would  please  att  the  next  Courte  to  give  an 

Miak  report  att  y.,  Accomptc  of  their  proceedings  in  their  pticularr  charges.     In   like 

manner  the   Comittees   appoynted   to   examine   S'  Thomas   Smiths 

Accompts  are  desyred  then  allso  to  certifie  what  they  have  done  in 

that  buisines. 


NO  Y EMBER  ^,  1620  4 1 3 

Itt  was   allso   desyred  that  the  Comittees   appoynted   to  treat  w'"  The  Cornittee  for 

treatinee     w**    m' 

M':  Englebert  wfee  ||would||  please  to  lett  the  next  Courte  vnderstand  Engiebert  to  giae 
how  fan-  they  hadd  proceeded  with  him  on  the  behalf e  of  the  Com-  an   Accompt   att 
pany  touchinge  his  demaunds  for  his  intended  service  in  Virginia,  '^^^'^  Court« 
vizd  W:  lohn  Dauers,  and  m"^  Gibbes. 

S'  Edwin  Sandis  desired  this  Courte  to  take  into  their  consideracon 
howe  materiall  and  necessary  itt  was  as  well  to  suppress  hereafter 
the  inordinate  excessive  plantinge  of  Tobacco  so  generally  distasted 
hitherto  [160]  as  allso  to  encourage  and  harten  them  on  the  more 
ernestlie   to  plant  such   Staple  Comodities  as  they  are  principally  r  inordinate  ex- 
directed  to  apply  to  giue  notice  to  the  Collony  in  Virginia  that  the  Tobacco  to  be*gu^ 
Company  here  will  hereafter  expect  to  be  §  re§paid  for  such  servants  as  pressed  and  other 
they  shall  send  ouer  to  them  for  Apprentizes  in  no  other  Comoditie  ^'^f''''  comoduies 

.  _  to  be  nlanted 

butt  Corne,  Silk  CoddC,  Silkgrass,  Hemp  Flax  and  such  other  Staple 
Comodities,  wherin  hee  that  shall  excell  and  abound  moste  by  his 
good  husbandry  shalbe  respected  and  rewarded  therafte  w"'  the  first 
choyce  of  such  youths  and  servants  as  shalbe  sent  thither  for  their 
vse  this  next  Springe,  ffor  w"**  cause  hee  wished  that  a  Comittee  of 
Marchants  skillfull  in  these  pticularr  Comodities  might  be  appoynted 
to  sett  such  indifferent  good  rates  and  prizes  vppon  them  now  att  first 
as  might  not  onely  make  the  Company  here  savo"  therby  butt  give 
the  Planters  allso  better  encouragment  to  improve  and  raise  the  same 
aboundantlie  by  their  industry  &  labour  Whervppon  the  Courte 
nominated  these  Comittees  vizd.  Comittee 

m'  Abraham  Chamberlin. 

m'  Deputie.  m'  EdwardC. 

m''  Mellinge.  m''  Cranmer. 

m"^  Wiseman.  m*^  Blande. 

voi  Keightley.  &  m'  Casewell,  who  are 

desyred  against  the  next  Courte  to  returne  their  answere. 

A  mocon  made  that  m"'  Markham  Bookeeper  might  have  some  reward  n^'  Markham  for 
for  his  paines  extraordinary  in  the  service  of  this  Company  for  w'^''  ^°"^''  "^^ 
hee  was  referred  to  the  Courte  by  the  Audito"  to  examine  and  make 
reporte  therof  accordingly. 


414  BECORDS   OF  TEE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

M'  Spruson  to  ]yj[r  Spruson  is  desyred  to  bringe  his  Accompts  concerninge  the  North 
(»mpt<*     ^     '^'  ®^^®  Fishinge  vnto  the  next  Courte  to  be  Audited  wherof  m'  Webb  is 
likewise  willed  to  give  S'  Thomas  Smith  present  notice. 

S'  Rich:  Worsieep  Vppou  the  humble  Peticon  of  S''  Richard  Worsleep  knight  Baronett 

A-ihlbtrideTa't- ^^^^h^^i^^^   B^ss®   g®^^'   1°^"   Hobson   gentleman,   Antho:    Oleuan 

cnt confirmed.       Richard   Wisemau,   Robert   Newland,   Robert   Gyuer  and  William 

Wellis    Associates    and   fellow  Adventurers  w"^*"   Cap':   Christopher 

This  piantaoon  to  Lawne  deceased  the  Courte  was  pleased  to  graunt  vnto  them  and  their 

be  called  y  He  of  heirs  a  confirmacon  of  their  Old  Pattent  with  all  manner  of  pryve- 

«ig  t     an  aco.    -[g^jggg  ^ijerin  conteyued,  and  that  the  said  Plantacon  shall  from  hence 

forth  be  called  the  He  of  WightC  Plantacon,  Provided  that  the  heirs 

[161]  of  the  said  Christopher  Lawne  be  no  way  piiudiced  therby ;  And 

in  regard  of  the  late  mortalitie  of  the  personns  transported  heretofore 

by  the  said  Captaine  Lawne  the  Courte  hath  likewise  given  them  till 

Midsomer    1625    to    make    vp    the   nomber   of    their    said    psonns 

menconed  in  their  former  Pattents. 

The  passage  of  2  Wheras  by  a  former  order  of  Courte  in  Ivne  last  vppon  the  humble 
w»"  Willis  peticon  of  William  Wellis  in  the  behalf e  of  the  Execute"  of  Christ : 

Lawne  deceased  iu  regard  of  the  great  losse  and  charge  that  the  said 
m''  Lawne  in  his  life  time  hath  bin  putt  vnto  and  susteyned  in  his 
pryvate  Plantacon  Itt  was  agreed  to  allowe  him  the  passage  of  two 
men  w'"''  they  agreed  esteemed  to  be  twelue  pounds,  w"''  monny  was 
thought  fitt  should  be  paid  by  m''  Webb  Husband  of  the  Company  butt 
of  the  monnej'  paid  him  by  two  Passengers  transported  in  the  last 
Ship  to  Virginia. 

ni'Goidtohauer  M'  Golde  parte  Owner  of  the  Falcon  made  a  request  vnto  the  Com- 

frautrht  pai.i  m-  P^^^Y  that  the  rcmayuder  of  the  fraight  of  the  said  Ship  might  be  paid 

coraiiipe  to   his  vuto  him,  sccinge  ther  was  notice  given  by  word  of  mouth  that  shee 

Charter  parte       ^.^^g  ary  ved  in  Virginia,  Whervppon  the  Court  thought  fitt  that  accord  - 

inge  to  his  Charter  parte  itt  should  be  payd  w''*'  was  vppon  Certificate 

vnder  the  Gouerno"  hand  of  the  Arivall  of  the  said  Ship  and  deliuery 

of  y"  Goods  and  Cattle  transported  in  her. 


NO  VEMBER  13,  1620 


415 


Captaine  Mathew  Somers  haveinge  peticoned  that  hee  might  enioy  Cap' MathewSom- 

the  inheritance  of  his  Uncle  S'  George  Somer<  Lands  in  Virginia  the  und^'Tnhe'rit' 

quantitie  of  30000  Acres  alotted  vnto  his  said  vncle  in  recompence  of  ance. 

his  service  and  disbursments  beinge  as  hee  alleadgeth  1100";    The 

Courte  ordered  that  if  hee  could  make  itt  appeare  that  so  much  was 

due  vnto  his  said  Uncle  (as  hee  had  informed)  hee  should  have  right 

done  vnto  him  accordinglie. 

The  rest  of  the  Peticons  were  referred  to  the  next  Courte  to  be  read  p^^'co^s  refemi. 
and  ordered.     [162] 


A  Preparatiue  Courte  held  y^  13^"  of  Nouember  1620 


Present 

the  Right  Honorable  The  Earle  of  Southampton. 

The  Lord  Cauendish. 
The  Lord  Pagett. 


S'  Thomas  Roe. 
S'  Phillip  Cary. 
S"'  Edwin  Sandys. 
8'  lohn  Dauers. 
S'  Robert  Phillips. 
S^  lohn  Radcliffe. 
S^  Walter  Earle. 
S'  Frauncis  Wyatt. 
S'  Edward  Lawley. 
m"^  Wroth. 
m"^  Gibbes. 
m'  Bawper. 
m'  Herbert. 


m"^  Bromefeilde. 
m'  lohn  Smith, 
m''  Wrothsbye. 
m^  Deputy, 
m'  Steward, 
m'  George  Sandys, 
m'  Robert  Smith, 
m'  Sheppard. 
m'  Keightley. 
m''  Nicho :  Ferrar. 
m"'  Leuer. 
m'  Wisemam. 
m'  Blande. 


m'  Edwards, 
m"^  Barbor. 
m'  Cranmer. 
m^  Swinhoe. 
m'  WiddowC. 
m'  Mellinge. 
m''  Delbridge. 
m'  Roberta, 
m'  Newporte. 
m'  Porter, 
m'  Boothby. 
m'  Sparrow, 
w""  divers  others. 


fforasmuch  as  Captaine  Somers  alleadged  in  his  peticon  thatt  itt  The  Secretary  to 
appeared  vppon  Record  that  S^  Georg  SoiTiers  his  Vncle  had  disbursed  clr'f  SomS^'ri 
1100"  towards  the    advancement  of  the  Plantacon  w**  hee  desyred  quest. 


16455— VOL  1—06- 


-27 


416  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

might  be  repayd  him  as  beinge  his  right  Heire ;  The  Courte  gave  order 
to  the  Secretary  to  search  the  books  and  certifie  the  truth  thereof  att 
the  next  Courte. 

8'  Tho:  Roes  re-  g'  Thomas  Roe  att  the  request  of  the  Company  haveinge  delivered 
d^uuerer  to '  h^"  theire  peticon  to  his  Ma*'* :  made  now  a  reporte  of  his  highnes  gracious 
Ma"':  answere  thervnto,  who  said  that  if  any  thinge  were  passed  in  New 

England  Patent  that  might  be  preiudicall  to  them  of  the  Southerne 
Collony  itt  was  surreptitiously  donn  and  without  his  knowledge  and 
that  hee  had  bin  abused  therby,  by  those  that  pretended  otherwise 
vnto  him.  Itt  pleased  his  Matie  to  express  as  much  in  effect  to  my 
Lord  of  Southampton  with  many  other  gracious  words  in  comendacon 
of  this  Plantacou,  and  signified  further  that  his  Ma*'' :  forthwith  gaue 
comaundment  to  my  Lord  Chauncello''  then  present  that  if  this  new 
Patent  were  not  sealed  for  to  forbeare  the  Seale,  and  if  itt  were  sealed 
and  not  deliverd  hee  should  then  keep  itt  in  hand  till  he  were  better 
informed.     [163] 

)■•  Patent  to  be  His  Lo^ :  further  signified  that  vppon  Saterday  last  they  had  been  w*"* 
nised  b  '^omeTf  ^^  Lord  Chauucello''  aboute  itt,  wher  were  present  the  Duke  of  Lenox, 
the  So:  Colony,  the  Earle  of  Arundell,  M'  Secretary  and  some  others  who  after  a  full 
hearinge  of  y"  allegacons  of  both  sides  did  order  that  the  Patent  shoixld 
be  deliuered  to  be  pervsed  by  some  of  the  Southern  Collony  who  are 
to  make  reporte  what  excepcons  they  finde  therevnto  against  the  next 
meetinge. 

The  Adfiicon  to  be  g'  Edwiu  Saudis  moved  that  the  Addicon  intended  to  be  affixed  to 
piantaconord™r<i  ^^^'  farmer  Plautacou  (beinge  now  redie  di-awne)  §might  be  read§  w''*' 
to  be  published,    beinge  done  w-as  generally  approved  and  by  ereccon  of  hands  ordered 
to  be  published  as  aforesaid. 

My  Lo;  of  South-  The  Owuers  of  the  §Ship  called  y°§  Abigail  (allowed  of  by  the  last 
u*ty  *to  s™aie  ^y'  ^^^^^'^e)  moved  that  their  Charterparte  might  be  sealed,  whervppon 
Charter  parte  for  the  Courte  humbly  entreated  (that  because  the  Treasuror  did  herto- 
the  Abigail.  f^^p  vsually  performe  the  same)  itt  would  please  my  Lord  of  South- 
ampton together  w'"  m'  Deputy  to  vndertake  itt  on  the  behalfe  of  the 


NOVEMBER  13,  1620  417 

Company,  for  w*'"  they  would  make  an  Acte  of  Courte  to  saue  them 
harmeless;  Whervppon  his  Lo"":  did  willinglie  assent  therevnto  as 
likewise  m'  Deputy :  And  an  Acte  of  Courte  by  ereccon  of  hands  was 
made  accordinglie. 

M'Deputie  haveinge  liko^iac  heretofore  procured  certaine  Dutchmen  f^ecurity  to  he 
from  Hamburrow  for  erectinge  of  Saw  Mills  in  Virginia  and  att  the  ingem^Dep":and 
request  of  the  Company  Contracted  w"'  them  vppon  some  condicons  m'    sheppard 
as  wer  thought  reasonable  by  the  Comittees,  hee  now  therfore  desires  c^n™ ariunade  w^' 
that  this  Courte  would  please  to  graunt  some  forme  of  Securitie  vnder  y  Dutch  carpen- 
y^  Comp* :   Seale  that  might  save  both  himself e  and  m''  Sheppard  *'='^- 
harmeless  beinge  a  partner  w""  him  in  the  said  Contract  w*"*"  moeon 
the  Court  thought  verie  reasonable  and  gave  order  for  drawinge  the 
said  securitie  that  itt  might  be  sealled  accordinglie. 

The  Comittees  appoynted  to  examine  S''  Thomas  Smiths  Accompts  ^^'EdwiSandyere- 
beinge  now  desyred  to  make  reporte  what  they  had  done  in  their  ^°  g*,  j"J  ^luere 
seuerall  parts  appoynted  vnto  them :  S''  Edwin  Sandys  declared  ho  we  had  proceeded  in 
farr  S'  lohn  Dauers  and  himselfe  hadd  proceeded  in  their  pticulan*  If ^'"^^  °'f^    '''' 
taske  namely  in  examination  of  S"'  Thomas  SmithC  receiptes  by  Adven  -  compt?. 
turers  w""  notwithstandinge  they  found  itt  a  most  intricate  [164] 
and  difficult  peec  of  worke  to  bringe  to  passe  in  regard  of  y"  disagree  - 
ment  of  the  books  themselves,  by  w""  they  were  to  be  guided,  yett 
they  would  labour  by  an  Alphabeticall  Table  to  bringe  things  to  an 
head  and  therby  declare  allso  the  differences  whervnto  they  would 
afterward  desire  S""  Thomas  SmithC  answere. 

M"'  Wroth  one  of  the  Comittees  appoynted  to  examine  S'  Thomas  ^^'  ^'roth?  reporte 
Smiths  Receipts  by  Lottaries,  w""  payment  allso  of  the  Prizes  and  ^eceip-by  L«tta^ 
other  charges  to  them  incident,  reported  that  ||by  reason||  hee  could 
finde  no  bookes  wherby  the  particula"  might  appeare,  hee  found  itt 
impossible  to  sattisfie  the  expectacon  of  the  Company  therein. 

M'  Deputy  one  of  the  Comittees  appoynted  to  examine  S'  Tho :  Smithy  ™'  pep«":  report 
Receipts  of  Goods  from  Virginia  by  ffines  allso,  by  Collections,  and  receip"  of  Goods. 
other  meanes  whatsoever,  made  reporte  that  hee  could  finde  no  men  - 


418  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

con  att  all  in  any  of  the  books  (w'"  hee  and  M'  Cranmer  had  carefully 
pvsed)  of  any  goods  brought  from  Virginia,  The  Conrte  therfore 
thought  fitt  that  hee  should  give  notice  therof  to  S'  Thomas  Smith  and 
pray  his  answere  thervnto. 

m'  Keightiey  and  j^jr  geightlcy  and  M'  Cranmer  beinge  apoynted  to  examine  S^  Thomas 

Eeports"of^S'  Tho^  Smiths  DisbursmcntC  returned  this  answere  that  they  knew  not  howe 

Smith?     Disburs-  to  procccd  thcriu,  bccause  they  neither  could  finde  warfntC  nor  any 

ment?.  other  thing  clac  evidence  that  might  shewe  howe  the  moneys  might 

had  been  from  time  to  time  lawfully  issued ;  and  haveing  acquainted 

S'  Thomas  Smith  therw'"  his  answere  was  that  hee  knew  not  what 

was  becom  of  those  warfntC. 

The  Comittees  to  Nottwithstandiuge  all  these  difficulties  my  Lord  of  Southampton 
fn Vof^h^e'Al-  d^^yrcd  the  said  Comittees  to  proceed  and  goe  on  to  the  drawinge  of 
corap"  to  Bome  thcsc  Accompts  to  somc  head,  And  the  rather  because  S'  Thomas 
•^e^^s-  Smith  had  soe  freely  offered  to  be  aunswerable  for  what  soever  they 

would  charge  vppon  himselfe  and  would  be  redie  allso  to  pay  for  his 

mens  defaults.     [165] 

A  patent  graunted  M'  Dcputic  signified  that  the  Towne  of  Ipswich  desyred  that  a  Pattent 
wich^°*°°'  ^^^'  ^igtit  be  graunted  vnto  them  for  a  Perticularr  Plantacon,  And  that 
wheras  they  were  indebted  to  the  Company  200"  they  had  now  payd 
in  one  hundred  and  therfore  hee  hopeth  this  favour  will  be  a  good 
inducement  vnto  them  to  pay  in  the  rest,  Whervppon  the  Courte 
ordered  that  they  should  have  a  Pattent. 


m'  Deibridge  2  M'  Delbridge  desyred  the  Company  that  hee  might  passe  two  of  his 
wr^  *''  ^'^  Shares  to  his  Sonne,  w"*"  request  the  Courte  graunted,  butt  willed  him 
to  pass  them  after  the  ordinary  course  w"**  was  by  writinge  and  by 
allowance  of  the  Audito"  w*  was  accordinglie  pformed  These  seu- 
erall  bills  of  Adventures  beinge  allowed  by  the  Audito"  did  likewise 
passe  the  approbacon  of  the  Courte  for  their  Assiguements.     vizd: 

Bills  of  Adiipn-  One  bill  of  50"  from  Captaine  Brewster  to  S'  Frauncis  Wyatt. 
urere  passe  .        ^^^  ^^^^  ^^  25U  f  j-qj^  Thomas  Maddox  gent  to  m'  Stubbs. 


NOVEMBER  13,  169.0  419 

One  bill  of  37  :  10"  from  m''  William  Litton  esqr  to  Captaine  Harvy. 
One  bill  of  5  Shares  from  m'  Edward  Harrison  to  Raph  Fogg. 

M" :  Berkley  haveinge  peticoned  from  the  §f  or§  repayment  of  the  mony  M"   Berkley  or- 

due  vnto  her  husband  deceased  w*  was  331"  12"  10*^  as  may  appeare  '^^'^^^  ^  ^  '"^"^*^- 

by  the  Leger  Booke.     The  Company  offered  her  to  make  vp  that  sume 

400"  so  that  shee  would  be  contented  to  take  331"  12"  10'^  in  mouny  and 

the  rest  in  Shares  of  Land  w*""  shee  willinglie  accepted  of  and  there - 

vppon  itt  was  ordered  by  a  generall  consent  that  shee  should  be  see 

paide. 

My  Lo :  of  Southampton  did  putt  the  Audito"  in  mynde  to  examine  M'  Markams  de- 
m"^ :  Markhams  deserts  in  the  Companys  service  and  therof  to  make  ^^^^  examined, 
reporte. 

Vppon  the  request  humble  peticon  of  W™  larrat  for  that  hee  hath  '^^'"-  i_*'"'^"  ^  ^ 
beene  an  antient  inhabitant  in  Virginia  for  the  space  of  thirteen  (^3^1'  xewce,  and 
years  where  hee  hath  done  the  Company  great  service  by  reason  of  to  iiaue  a  Boy  put 
his  experience  and  skillfullnes  in  many  things,  the  Courte  agreed  to  J"  ^^^  ^  Appren- 
recoinend  him  to  Captaine  Newce  as  the  Companies  Teiint  and  should 
have  a  boy  putt  to  him  for  apprentize,  and  his  wife  and  Child  should 
have  their  passage  free  and  for  the  furnishinge  of  him  and  his  wife 
w*"  necessaries  itt  was  left  wfe  §to§  m''  Deputy  to  deale  therin  as  hee 
thought  fltt.     [166] 

William  Gay  peticoned  that  his  sonne  lames  (heretofore  the  Appreu-  lames  Gay   to 
tize  of  Christopher  Lawne  deceased  and  by  him  turned  ouer  to  Cap-  '""'"*  °^  ngan  . 
taine  Hamor)  might  retin-ne  home  for   England,  w"*"  was  graunted, 
provided  that  hee  be  att  the  Charge  of  his  said  sonns  returne,  in  whose 
roome  the  Company  resolved  to  send  another  to  Captaine  Hamor. 

Lazarus  Hauerd  beinge  heretofore  imployed  in  the  Companies  serv-  T^zams    Hauard 
ice  and  likewise  by  S'  George  Yeardley  in  a  Frigott  in  three  daun-  t-memyued     by 
gerous  voyadges  did  now  petieon  to  this  Company  lor  their  charnta- 
ble  consideracon  of  his  present  wants  whervppon  itt  was  agreed  that 


420  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

S' Geor^  Yeardiey  ^  Poulsoii  shouM  be  entreated  to  entertaine  him,  and  that  S'  George 
thing'^on  hlm^"™*^  Yeardley  should  be  solicited  by  tre  to  bestowe  some  thing  on  him  in 
reward  of  his  service  done  him. 

A  mo5on  in  the  .^  mocon  was  made  as  formei'lie  their  had  beene  in  the  behalfe  of  the 

iiandrcorapr' "^"^  SoiTier  IlandC  Company  that  there  might  be  a  Certaine  quantitie  of 

Land  in  Virginia  graunted  vnto  them  lyinge  neerest  to  those  IlandC 

for  the  better  support  of  that  Company  w*^**  they  desyred  might  now 

be  confirmed  att  this  Quarter  Court. 

A  writinge  eshib-  4  Certaine  writinge  was  exhibited  to  the  Courte  by  one  Gabriell 
wiaher^  ^^  ""^  Wisher  a  man  well  kuowne  to  some  of  this  Company,  who  vuder- 
standinge  that  divers  Staple  Comodities  are  intended  to  be  sett  vpp  in 
Virginia  maks  offer  to  this  Company  to  procure  out  of  Poland,  and 
Sweadland  (wher  hee  is  well  acquainted)  men  skillfull  in  makinge  of 
Pitch,  and  Tarr,  Pottashes  and  Sope  Ashes,  Clapbordes,  and  Pipe- 
staues,  dressers  of  Hemp  &  Flax  As  allso  men  skillfull  in  makinge 
Salt  Peter,  and  Powder,  and  would  bringe  them  from  those  parts  into 
England  by  the  end  of  May  next  after  the  rate  of  x"  x'  a  man  as  many 
as  the  Comp*:  shall  thinke  good.  To  pforme  w''''  hee  desires  60":  in 
hand  to  be  payd  att  Hamburrow  for  w"*"  hee  will  putt  in  securitie. 

M'  Wood?  aim-  wj^eras  vppon  a  former  treatie  had  w"*  m'  Wood  in  the  behalfe  of 
M"  Gookin  for  transportacon  of  Cattle  outt  of  Ireland  into  Virginia 
an  offer  was  made  vnto  him  after  the  rate  of  x":  a  Co  we  vppon  cer- 
tificate of  their  saffe  laudinge.  Provided  they  were  fayr  and  lardge 
Cattle  and  of  our  English  breed.  The  said  m'  Wood  hath  now 
returned  his  fynall  aunswere  that  hee  cannott  entertaine  the  bargains 
vnder  xij"  the  Co  we  without  exceedinge  greate  losse.     [167] 


NO  VEMBER  15,  1620 


421 


Att  a  Quarter  Courte  helde  for  Virginta  the  15^ 
of  nouember  1620. 


Present 

the  Right  Honorable  Earle  of  Southampton. 

Lord  Cauendish. 
Lord  Pagett. 


S''  Edwin  Sandys. 
S""  lohn  Dauers. 
S'  Robert  Phillips. 
S'  Phillip  Gary. 


S'  Richard  Grobham. 
W  Frauncis  Wyatt. 
S'  Edward  Lawley. 


m'  Brooke, 
m''  Deputie. 
m"'  Gibbes. 
m""  Wroth. 
Docter  Anthony, 
m'  Georg  Sandys, 
m"'  Case  well. 


m'  Chri:  Earle. 
m'  Bromfeild. 
m"^  Wroth eby. 
m''  lohn  Smith. 
Cap*  Bargraue. 
m'  Herbert, 
m"'  Robert  Smith, 
m'  Cranmer. 


m'  Nicholas  Ferrar. 
m'  Sheppard. 
m'  Boothby. 
m'  Couell. 
m"^  Ayre. 
m"^  Wiseman, 
m'  Berblock. 
m'  Chamberlyn. 
m'  Mellinge. 
m'  Clarke. 


After  the  ActC  of  the  former  Courte  were  read  a  straunger  stept  in  a  Mapp  presentea 
presentinge  a  Mapp  of  S''  Walter  Rawlighes  conteyninge  a  Descrip-  °^  >^' ^^'aiter  Raw- 

t  p    t-i     •  i.hii  e  ill,  leigh    i    4     great 

con  01  Guiana,  and  w'  the  same  rower  great  books  as  the  guifte  of  Bookes. 
one  vnto  the  Company  that  desyred  his  name  might  not  be  made 
knowne,  wherof  one  booke  was  a  treatise  of  S"  Augustine,  of  the  Citty 
of  God  translated  into  English  the  other  three  greate  Volumes  wer 
the  works  of  M'  Perkins  newlie  corrected  and  amended,  w'"'  books 
the  Donor  desyred  they  might  be  sent  to  the  Colledge  in  Virginia  there 
to  remayne  in  safftie  to  the  vse  of  the  Collegiates  hereafter,  and  not 
suffered  att  any  time  to  be  sent  abroade,  or  vsed  in  the  meane  while, 


422  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIROINIA  COMPANY 

ffor  w''"  iso  worthy  a  guifte  my  Lord  of  Southampton  clesyred  the  ptie 
that  presented  them  to  returne  deserved  thanks  from  himselfe  and 
the  rest  of  the  Company  to  him  that  had  soe  kindely  bestowed  them. 

S'  Edwin  Sandys  gr  Edwiu  Sandys  acquainted  the  Courte  howe  carefully  m'  Chamberlyn 

chamUriyn?  care  had  bccu  att  the  rcqucst  of  the  Comp"' :  to  compound  w""  the  States  of 

for  conipfiun.iinge  Middlebrough  for  the  Custome  of  the  Tobacco  to  be  brought  thyther 

Mtddiebror*r  '^  ^^^^  ^'^^^  from  Virginia  signifyinge  that  hee  had  brought  them  neere 

to  an  agreem*,  so  that  for  brlnginge  the  said  Comoditie  in  they  should 

pay  but  a  halfepenny  y®  pound  and  for  carryinge  the  same  out  againe 

to  pay  after  the  same  rate;   [168]  And  for  that  the  said  States  might 

have  the  better  assurance  of  the  pformance  hereof  by  the  Company, 

Itt  was  humbly  desyred  that  itt  would  please  my  Lord  of  Southampton 

to  intimate  so  much  vnto  them  by  his  Lo^° :  owne  letter  in  the  name 

of    the   Company,   w'^''   my    Lord   very   nobly  pmised    to    dispatch 

accordinglie. 

S'  Edwin  Sandys  further  signified  that  wheras  certaine  Instruccons 

were  sent  in  writinge  in  the  Bona  Nona  concerninge  the  plantinge  of 

A  French  Booke  Mulbcry  Trccs,  and  makinge  fitt  roomes  for  the  Silkewormes  (w'^"  in 

MuiberT  trees  &  ^i^  opiuiou  was  cxceedinglie  well  done)  and  haveinge  now  vuderstood 

ordering  of  Silk-  of  a  ffrcnch  book  of  the  same  Subiect  comended  vnto  him  for  an 

un'StoEnS'  excellent  treatise  of  that  kinde)  moved  that  some  of  the  Comp":  would 

please  to  take  the  paines  to  translate  itt  into  English,  and  that  a  good 

number  of  them  might  be  printed  to  be  sent  ouer  to  Virginia  and  ther 

dispersed  amongst  the  Planters  soe  as  everie  houshold  might  have 

one,     And  that  in  the  said  bookC  the  pticularr  rates  of  those  Staple 

Comodities  w"''  the  Comittees  were  desyred  to  sett  downe  to  be  payd 

for  them  to  the  Planters  might  likewise  be  incerted  w**"  some  Instruc  - 

cons  allso  fo""  the  orderinge  of  other  Comodities  w'^''  mocon  was  well 

approved  of  and  generally  assented  vnto. 

A  note  presented  M'  Deputy  haveinge  presented  to  my  Lord  of  Southampton  a  note  of 

tomv  L<i:of  Soutri-  ,       eii       i        /-^  t-j.-  i  •  l-\ 

ton  of  such  Staple  such   Staple  Comodities  as  are  supposed  may  either  now  or  verie 

Comodities  as  shortly  be  hadd  in  good  aboundance  in  Virginia  w"*"  were  rated  par- 

S'vt  '5^'^*'^°''"^  ticularly  by  a  Comittee  of  MarchantC  att  such  price  as  they  are  now 

sould  att  here  in  England,  Itt  was  thought  fitt  and  desyred  that  the 


NOVEMBER  ir,,  1620  423 

||said||  Comittees  would  againe  take  some  further  paines  on  the  behalfe 
of  the  Planters  in  Virginia  to  moderate  and  abate  the  said  Prizes  to  The  Comittees  to 
such  a  reasonable  rate  w""  consideracon  of  fraight  and  Hazard,  as  ^bate  y  prize^'of 
both  the  Marchants  might  be  enduced  to  buy  the  same  and  the  Planters  them  c. 
assured  of  a  Certaine  vent  hereafter  of  the  said  Comodities. 

S"'  Edwin  Sandys  declared  that  the  Comon wealth  and  State  of  the  S'Edw:  Sandys  re- 
Countiy  Colony  in  Virginia  began  generally  to  prosper  so  well  as  they  p°'^*^^  >■•  the  Coi- 
did  not  desire  any  more  provysion  of  Meale  to  be  sent  vnto  them  but  more   meaie   but 
rather  prayed  that  the  Company  would  be  pleased  to  be  att  *be  ||some||  rather  some  tn- 
charge  to  send  them  a  few  triflinge  Comodities  [169]  As  Beades  and  ^^l-^    °™  v'  n^ 
such  like  toyes  wherby  to  truck  w""  the  Indians  for  Come  and  other  tiuee. 
necessaries  to  encrease  and  mayuteyne  therby  a  Christian  Comerce, 
and    trade   with  the  Sauages,  w"*"  they  exceedingly  desire  may  be 
continued. 

Touchinge  Gabriell  Wishers  former  offer  att  the  last  Court  to  procure  Gabneii  wisher  to 

out  of  Sweadland,  and  Poland  men  skillfull  in  makinge  Pitch,  &  Tarr,  '^"'^  ^^"-  ^'■ 

Pottashes,  and  Sopeashes,  Dressers  of  Hemp  and  Flax,  Clapbord  and 

Pipestaues  and  for  makinge  Salt  Peter  and  Powder  after  the  rate  of 

10":  10^  a  man  that  shalbe  here  by  the  end  of  May  next.     The  Courte 

have  ordered  that  hee  shall  have  100"  allowed  him  to  provide  Tenn 

skillfull  men  as  aforesaid  butt  for  the  manner  of  the  Contract  to  be 

made  with  him  and  other  necessary  circumstances  incydent  thervnto 

they  have  referred  the  said  Gabriell  Wisher  to  be  further  concluded 

w**"  the  Comittees. 

Thomas  Wood  beinge  now  willinge  (though  hee  conceived  itt  a  hard 

bargaine)  to  accept  of  the  offer  of  the  former  Courte,  w'^''  was  that  for 

everie  Cowe  of  our  English  breed  transported  by  him  or  his  Agents  iho:  woode  to 

safe  and  sound  to  Virginia  hee  should  be  paide  Eleuen  pounde  and  '\^"«  ^'^  security 

for  every  Shee  Goate  three  pounds  tenn  shillings,  vppon  certificate  att  ggJ^l^    '         ^  ' 

his  returne  from  the  Gouernor  there ;  Hee  moved  therf ore  now  that 

hee  might  have  some  assurance  vnder  the  Companies  Seale  for  the 

payment  of  the  said  Monny ;  whervppo  the  Courte  ordered  that  accord  - 

inge  to  his  request  hee  should  have  his  securitie  confirmed  vnder  the 

Seale  of  the  Company  for  w''"  they  gave  order  to  m'  Deputy  to  see  itt 

done. 


424  RECORDS   OF  THE  YIROmiA  COMPANY 

m' Caswell  inocon  ]\j^r  Ciiswell  moveci  that  the  Lord  Maioi"  of  this  Cittie  might  be  solicited 
MXr'fo'r" V'  like  ^o  afforde  this  Company  the  like  number  of  Children  with  the  like 
number  of  chii-  allowancc  as  formerly  they  had,  butt  hee  wished  w^'all  that  itt  might 
iiren  aa  formerly  -^^  effected  vppon  more  easic  condicons  then  the  former  Comittees  for 

they  had.  '^  '-  . 

the  Cittie  sought  to  drawe  them  vnto  who  as  itt  appeared  stood  more 

vppon  an  over  advantagious  bargaine  on  the  behalf e  of  the  said  Chil- 

A  Tre:  to  be  writ-  drcn  then  they  did  vppon  the  good  of  the  Plantacon  for  w"''  they  were 

tentov'Lo:Maior  pp^j^.g^i     \\x  vras  thcrfore  thought  fitt  and  so  ordered  that  a  tre  should 

ct  Aldermen.  *•  .  iti-»t-  tait  •  p    •  /-it 

be  write  to  the  Lord  Maior  and  Aldermen  speciiymge  y  Condicons 
pticularly  for  w"*"  the  Comp":  would  accept  of  them  and  in  good 
manner  place  them  as  servntC  or  Apprentizes  w***  the  Companies 
TenntC.     [170] 

5"  demaunded  w"'  M"'  Smith  couceivinge  that  the  sume  of  five  pound  demaunded  w''' 
euery   chiide   y'  gygpig  Childe  that  should  be  sent  out  of  the  Country  to  be  transported 

shalbe  sent  out  of  .     .  •'  '■ 

y  Country  heide  to  Virginia  was  a  greater  charge  then  would  willingly  be  disbursed  by 
to  be  too  great  a  ^j^g  Commou  sorte,  seeiugc  they  might  w'*"  a  lesse  charge  as  ordi- 
^  ^^^^'^  naryly  for  five  Marks  binde  their  Children  Apprentizes  att  home  to 

good  Trades  and  therfore  itt  was  vnlikely  they  would  be  drawne  to 
give  a  greater  sume  to  send  them  to  a  fforraigne  Country  hee  therfore 
moved  that  the  5"  specified  in  the  Publicacon  might  be  abated  to  ffive 
Marks  for  w"**  mayne  reason  the  Courte  thought  fitt  and  ordered  y' 
abatement  should  be  made  of  the  said  five  pound  accordiuglie. 

The  rewardinge  of  M"^  Deputy  signified  that  hee  was  solicited  by  the  Marshall  of  this 

the  Marshall  of  y'  Cittie  and  soiue  others  that  had  taken  paines  to  pcure  those  Children 

others  forpcuring  o^t  of  the  Cittie  w'^''  Were  heretofore  sent  to  Vii'ginia,  to  move  this 

y  Children  out  of  Courte  for  some  reward  for  their  care  and  travell  therin,  y*  they  might 

to  thrconiUteeT'  ^-*®  ^ncourraged  hereafter  to  take  the  like  paines  whensoever  they 

should  have  againe  the  like  occasion ;  The  Court  herevppon  referred 

itt  to  the  Comittees  to  give  such  a  Sume  and  to  pporcon  the  same 

amongst  them  as  they  shall  thinke  fitt. 

M'  Jefferson  re-  M'  Jeffersoii  desyriiige  the  Courte  to  take  into  their  good  consider - 
sTn"!! vl '^A^M'  ^^"^^  ^^  losses  hee  had  susteyned ;  was  referred  to  S'  Edwin  Sandys 
Deputy.  and  M'  Deputy  to  conferr  w*"  them  aboute  the  same. 


NO  VEMBER  15,  1620  425 

Some  of  the  Summer  Hands  Company  moved  that  the  Courte  would  '^^'«  suffier  iian.i? 

be  pleased  as  well  in  respect  that  the  Barmudas  was  sould  vnto  them  a^^Xi  "\l^T^!!a  ^of 

for  a  farr  greater  quantitie  of  Land  then   they  nowe  finde  it  to  be  as  Land  in  Virginia 

allso  for  the  better  enhablinge  of  them  to  subsists  and  to  procure  and 

maynteyne  a  mutuall  dependance  and  trafl&que  hereafter  to  graunt 

and  eonfirme  vnto  them  now  in  this  great  &  generall  Quarter  Courte 

a  good  porcon  of  Land  in  Virginia  on  that  side  of  the  Coaste  as  lyes 

nearest  vnto  them,  either  att  Ronoq,  southerly  or  else  wheras  shalbe 

most  convenyent  for  them  not  beinge  yett  inhabited ;  W'^''  request  the 

Courte  takinge  into  consideracon,  did   [171]  order  and  agi-ee  that 

aceordinge  to  the  number  of  their  Shares   (beinge  in  all  400  or  their 

aboutC)  they  should  have  for  every  Share  100:  Acres  of  Land  in  Vir-  ''"'>'   ^'^"'"   '"^^^ 

ginia,  and  50  Acres  for  every  pson  that  shall  be  transported  thither,  Acre'sandoo Acres 

Provided  that  none  of  them  sell  his  said  Shares  vnless  hee  sell  together  for  euery  Person 

w'*"  itt  his  Share  of  Land  in  the  So:  Hands  and  for  a  publique  Stocke  ^^^"-^^^  *''*'''" 

they  have  likewise  graunted  vnto  them  5000 :  Provided  that  between 

this  and  the  year  1625  they  transporte  for  everie  Share  for  that  Plan- 

tacon  att  least  one  man ;  Provided  allso  that  soe  many  as  shall  not 

§vnder§  write  and  accordingly  pay  in  his  mony  ratably  by  the  set- 

tinge  out  of  this  first  Voyadge  shall  not  be  capable  of  the  said  one 

hundred  Acres  for  a  Share ;  And  lastly  the  Courte  ordered  that  a  Ire  -•^  ^^e  to  be  wnt  to 

should  be  write  to  the  Gouernor  to  sett  out  their  bounds  and  lymitts  out1heir'^LlLd€T'* 

where  they  shall  like  best  to  seat  themselves  so  as  they  may  not  be 

preiudicall  to  any  other  Plantaeon  ther  alredy/ 

Cap*:  Somers[(]in  respect  nothinge  did  appear  by  S'Tho:  Smiths  Cash  ^*p'  Soiners  to 
booke  to  be  paid  in  redy  monny  by  S'  George  Somers  to  S'  Thomas  j^^''^'^'"''  "*  ^"""^ 
Smith)  was  desyred  to  prepare  such  proofes  against  the  next  Courte 
as  hee  presumed  hee  could  produce  to  iustifie  his  demaund  to  be  due 
as  aforesaid. 

The  Ladie  De  Lawarre  haveinge  by  her  tre  dated  the  IS""  of  this  The  La:  i^warrt 
present  moneth  signified  vnto  the  Comp* :  that  wheras  aboute  three  [,^if!f  of  m'  Ket^ 
years  since  the  Earle  of  Hartford  adventured  150"  in  her  late  husband  jwsenteu  vnto. 

'  The  provisions  for  tlie  settlement  of  this  land  are  included  in  the  printed  book  of  the  Orders  and 
Constitutions  of  the  Somers  Islands  Cumpany.  Two  Courts  of  the  company  concerning  this  subject 
are  mentioned.     See  List  of  Records,  Nos.  290,  303,  304,  page  154,  ante. 


426  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

(the  Lord  DelawarK)  last  Voyadge  to  Virginia  as  by  an  agreem'  vnder 
his  baud  and  seale  made  in  the  behalf  e  of  the  said  Earle  may  appeare. 
And  for  asmuch  as  the  said  Earle  hath  since  conferred  y*  benifitt  of 
his  said  purchase  vppon  his  servant  m''  lohn  Kelly,  shee  therf ore  moved 
that  hee  might  have  a  proporcon  of  Land  in  Virginia  accordinge  to 
the  number  of  Shares  due  for  the  said  some  of  — 150"  as  allso  for  the 
personall  Adventure  of  10  men  transported  thither  by  her  said  Hus- 
band: w"*"  request  the  Courte  thought  verie  reasonable,  and  accord - 
inglie  assented  there  vuto :  Provided  that  so  much  be  deducted  ratably 
out  of  my  Lord  DelawarrC  Accompts. 

m' Hen:  Rowlands  ]\p  Henry  Rowlaud  Goldsmith  peticoned  that  forasmuch  as  his  brother 
^n^rX  a  Per-  D^uid  Floydc  had  assigned  vnto  him  his  purchased  Adventure  of  12" 
Bonaii  Share  ai- 10°  w'^''  this  peticoner  paid  for  though  passed  in  his  said  brothers  name 
lowed  him  for  >••  ^^  ^    j^-g  assigncment  vnder  his  hand  and  Seale  male  appeare.     [172] 

Aduenture  of  his  -^  .  ,        „  ,  .  •  i     »       • 

brother?  person  The  Peticoncr  therforc  humbly  desyreth  that  his  said  Assignement 
beinge  allowed  by  the  Audito"  might  now  pass  the  approbacon  of 
this  Courte  And  that  hee  likewise  might  have  one  psonall  Share  of 
Land,  due  for  the  Adventure  of  his  said  brothers  person  who  dyed  in 
Vii'ginia  full  tenn  years  since,  w''^  Captaine  Tucker  allso  testified  to 
be  true.  Whervppo  the  said  Assignement  was  by  order  of  Courte 
confirmed  to  the  said  peticoner  as  likewise  the  Share  of  Land  desyred 
for  the  personall  Adventure  of  the  said  Dauid  Floyde  deceased. 

Rich:  Mooreton  Richard  Moorctou  in  his  peticon  craveinge  an  allowance  of  one  Share 

for  a  share  of  Land      <.tjj;j.iai  x  ex.-  i.  •  t_  •        tt-       •     • 

for  Aduenture  of  ^f  Land  tor  the  Adventure  of  his  pson  havemge  been  m  Virginia 
his  Person.  allmost  three  years,  answer  was  made  that  his  request  could  not  be 

graunted  vnless  hee  had  continued  there  the  full  tearme  of  three  years, 
either  att  one  or  att  seuerall  times :  And  therf  or  orderd  that  if  hee 
would  be  contented  to  returne  againe  or  send  on  thither  hee  should 
have  his  personall  Share  allowed  vnto  him  &  direccon  should  be  given 
to  the  Gouernor  to  sett  out  his  Land  for  him  w"^*"  offer  hee  willinglie 
embraced  and  assented  vnto. 


wiiiia    Potterton  William  Potterton  in  his  peticon  haveinge  desyred  y'  the  Courte  would 

pcti("(jnini{  for  rec-      ,  ,.i.,,  „        ,-,  .  „  -i-i,  t 


Willia 

om  pence  fory'  plsasc  to  givc  him  the  same  recompence  for  the  service  of  one  Edward 
Beruice  of  W":  Ti'cw  liis  Apprentice  beinge  (15")  w''"'  my  Lo  De  Lawarr  promised 
w  Tiwarr  ^^  ^^  ^^^  ^^  ^^^  appeare  by  his  Lo''' :  bond  for  his  good  will  to  lett  his 


NOVEMBER  16,  1620  427 

said  servant  goe  w'"  him  to  Virginia  to  let  where  hee  still  remayneth 
in  the  Companies  service;  The  Courte  herevppo  ordered  that  the 
Peticoner  should  repayre  to  my  La :  Lawarr  for  his  sattisfaccon  in 
consideracon  of  her  husbands  promise  extant  vppon  his  ||lp°||  bond. 

Captaine  Daniell  Tucker  in  his  Peticon  desyred  that  the  Comp*:  would  lo  share* bestowed 
please  to  graunt  him  some  Competent  portion  of  Land  in  Virginia,  ^'p^°°  ^*p'  ^'^'^^" 
aswell  in  recompence  of  his  service  there,  so  well  knowne  to  this 
Companey  in  vndertakinge  the  Charge  of  all  the  municon  and  pro- 
vision belonginge  to  the  Collony  beinge  allsoe  sworue  of  his  Ma" : 
Counsell  there,  and  shortlie  after  my  Lord  DeLawarres  Arivall, 
appoynted  Prouant  Maister,  Viceadmirall  and  Truck  M',  continuinge 
in  the  said  Offices  five  years  vntill  his  Ma"" :  by  express  ters  sent  for 
him,  [173]  as  likewise  in  consideracon  of  the  Pinnace  hee  sent  thither 
wher  shee  is  still  employed  and  doth  the  Company  great  ser\dce  in 
carryinge  Corne  and  other  things  from  place  to  place ;  The  Courte 
therfore  duely  weighinge  the  merritts  of  his  Person  and  service  did 
generally  agree  and  order  that  hee  should  have  fifteen  Shares  of  Land 
bestowed  vppon  him  vppon  a  first  division  as  the  Companies  reward 
in  recompence  of  his  said  service,  vppon  Condicou  that  hee  should  not 
sell  away  any  of  his  said  Shares  w'^"  hee  assented  vnto  and  w""  much 
thankfullnes  accepted  of. 

S'  lohn  Dauers  herevppon  moved  that  for  the  more  equall  distribucon  ^   Comittee  ap- 

of  Shares  hereafter,  vppon  well  deservinge  personns  imployed  in  the  ^;in'^&'°ro°.^ 

Companies  service  that  ther  might  be  a  speciall  Comittee  appoynted  coninge  of  shares. 

who  vppon  due  examinacon  of  their  pticularr  merritts  might  sett 

downe  such  a  proporcon  of  Land  for  their  rewardes,  as  might  best 

suite  w"'  the  *****  *  i| Honorable ||  bountie  of  this  Courte,  and 

their  pticularr  deservings,  w'"  moeon  the  Court  conceived  to  be  of 

very  great  importance,  and  did  therfor  order  that  these  Comittees 

should  be  appoynted  for  the  future  disposicon  and  proporconinge  of 

Shares  vizd*  S'  Edwin  Sandys,  S'  lohn  Dauers,  m'  Deputy,  m'  Smith, 

Captain  Tucker. 

These  were  appoynted  to  take  care  of  the  two  Virginia  maydes  remayn  -  -^   Comittee   for 
inge  in  the  Custodie  of  m^  William  Webb  the  husband  vizd  m^  Case-  JJ^Jnuliialdl" 


428  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

well,  m'  Roberta,  m'  Caninge  and  m'  Webb,  who  are  likewise  desyred 
to  place  them  in  good  sei'vices  where  they  may  learne  some  trade  to 
live  by  hereafter  for  w"*"  respect  y*  Company  hath  promised  to  bestowe 
some  thinge  w'"  them. 

The  securytie  for  The  forme  of  Sccuritie  ordered  the  last  Courte  to  be  drawne  for  m' 
m"Depu'tv™d m^  Deputy  and  m''  Sheppard  to  save  them  harmelesse  as  toiichinge  a 
sheppardnrUered  Contract  made  w""  certaine  Dutch  Carpenters  sent  to  Virginia  to 
to  be  sealed.  ]^g  imployd  in  the  Companies  service  was  now  read  and  ordered 
to  be  sealed. 

T  h  p  Agreement  The  agreement  made  w"'  m"  Barkley  for  allowinge  her  331'* :  12' :  lO** 
Ba^'/ier  cwi-  ^^  money  and  so  many  Shares  of  Land  in  Virginia  as  might  make  vpp 
firmed.  the  Said  sume  400"  was  now  putt  to  y®  question  and  confirmed.     [174] 

D'  Bohune  Pat-  Doctor  Bohune  haveinge  desyred  that  his  Pattent  might  be  renewed 

o^wne  name '"   "^  ^^  ^^^  owue  name  oucly  and  Capaine  Swifte  who  was  ioyned  with  him 

in  the  first  might  be  in  this  lefte  outt  for  that  hee  was  gone  beyond 

Sea  beinge  accordinglie  drawne  and  nowe  presented  the  Court  gave 

order  to  m"^  Deputy  to  Scale  itt. 

My  Lord  of  South-  My  Lord  of  Southampton  signifide  vnto  the  Company  that  himself  e 
ampton  ''eporte   ^^^  gome  othcrs  hadd  been  this  afternoone  before  the  Lords  to  make 

now    y'  nee   naa 

been  before  y'  reportc  what  iust  cxccptious  they  had  taken  against  new  England 
LL":  of  y' Counsel!  Pattent  whcrby  they  found  themselvs  vtterlie  excluded  from  fishinge 

to  acq  in  t  them  of  -vt       <  i       c-i  ^       i,         th    n     i    •        x      n  •         •  n      ■\     l^       i     t  11 

y'excepcons  taken  vppon  the  North  Scas  butt  w  all  his  Lo^:   Signified  that  by  a  late 

againct  New  En-  eonfcrrcnce  had  with  S'  Ferdinando  Gorges  aboute  itt  they  did  nott 

^  ^°     ^    ^        doubt  butt  they  should  now  accorde,  for  that  itt  was  agreed  on  both 

sides  for  some  important  reasons  to  renewe  either  of  their  Pattents 

w"""  was  promised  should  be  done  by  mutuall  advise  of  the  Counsell : 

The  Patent  to  be  Whcrvppou  their  Lo"' :  ordered  that  in  the  meane  while  this  Patent 

1.0*^°*' chancei'io"  "^  ^'  Fcrdinaudo  Gorges  should  be  sequestred  and  deposited  in  my 

hande  Lord  Chancello"  hands  (as  vndelivered)  accordinge  to  his  Ma'' :  express 

TheComp'togoe  Commauudcment.     And  that  this  Company  should  notwithstandinge 

iiedge  of 'their  goe  ou  w^ut  losse  of  time  vppon  the  preveledge  of  their  former 

form9  grauntc.      gi'auntC  whcrby  itt  was  conceived  they  had  libertie  to  fish  vppon  the 

Seas  now  debarred. 


DECEMBER  IS,  1620 


429 


Att  the  risinge  of  the  Courte  m'  Smith  acquainted  his  Lo^:  and  the  m'  Smith?  mocon 
rest  of  the  Counsell  present  that  itt  was  the  humble  sute  of  y^  gener-  future  imunkit«'aa 
allytie  vnto  them  that  they  would  please  to  enter  into  consultacon,  were  fittinge  u.  w 
and  advise  about  such  further  imunities  and  larger  previledges  as  were  pa^'iiam-'*  ^  °*^' 
fittinge  to  be  moved  att  this  next  Parlyament.  and  that  itt  might 
redound  aswell  to  the  Honour  of  this  noble  Societie  as  the  fiature 
advancement  of  the  Plantacon  in  generall  wherof  they  had  now  cause 
sufficient  to  conceave  the  greater  hope  to  speed  the  better  in  respect 
his  Ma*''  began  of  late  to  fix  his  gratious  eye  vppon  itt,  as  beinge 
redie  vppon  all    occasions   to   afford   them   his   Royall  fauour  and 
proteccon.     [175] 


Att  a  Courte  helde  in  y''  afternoone 
¥"=  13"''  OF  DECE^rBER  1620; 


Present. 


m'  lohn  Wroth. 

m"^  Gibbes. 

m'  Herbert. 

m'  Smith. 

m"^  Dep'''  Ferrar. 

m'  Sheppard. 

m'  Nicho :  Ferrar. 

m'  Bland. 

m'  Casewell. 


S'  Edwin  Sandys. 
S^  John  Dauers. 
S'  Phillip  Carye. 

m'  Earle. 
m"^  Berblocke. 
m'  Stewarde. 
m"^  Palauacine. 
m"'  TomlynC. 
m'  Wheatley. 
m"^  Maisterson. 
m'  Swinhowe. 
m'  Challoner. 


m'  Roberta. 

m^  Bull. 

m'  Mellinge. 

m'  Cuffe. 

m'  Boothbie. 

m"^  Couell. 

m'  Rolph. 

m^  Combes. 

w**"  divers  others. 


S'  Edwin  Sandys  signified  vnto  this  Courte  that  my  Lo :  of  South  -  ^'  ^^^^^^  sandy« 
ampton  vppon  some  important  occasions  could  not  be  present  this  ^^'"southa^iptoii 
afternoone  butt  had  all  that  parte  of  the  day  for  many  howers  to-  cannot  he  now 
gether  taken  extraordinary  paines  in  a  buisines  that  concerned  them  p"^*^"'- 


430  RECORDS   OF  THE  YIRGINIA  COMPANY 

very  much  wherof  they  should  afterward  have  a  good  Account  as- 
soone  as  they  hadd  further  pceeded  therin  and  brought  the  same  to 
some  better  issue. 

A  Certificate  re-  jjge  further  signified  that  they  had  receaved  further  certificate  of  the 
ari^n  of 'air  y^  ^^^^  Arivall  of  all  their  Ships  sent  the  last  Springe,  as  namely  the 
Ships.  Frauncis  Bona  Venture  w""  all  their  people  save  one,  the  Tryall  and 

Faulcon  w*"  all  their  Passengers  the  London  Marchaunt  with  all  hers 
the  Duty  with  all  save  one,  And  soe  likewise  the  Swann  of  Barnstable, 
butt  the  Jonathan  in  her  tedious  jiassage  of  200  had  lost  16 :  Soe  that 
by  this  last  supply  they  had  landed  in  Vu'ginia  in  all  well  neere  the 
nomber  of  800 :  persons  for  w'^''  greate  blessinge  (w""  the  loss  of  soe 
fewe)  hee  rendred  vnto  the  almightie  all  possible  thanks.     [176] 

A  supposicon  of  a  Whcras  itt  was  conceived  that  ther  was  a  mistake  in  setting  downe 
^'^  order"  ^  for "  v^  ^^  Order  of  the  Summer  Iland<  Company  att  the  laste  Courte  by 
Summe':  iian.ie  incertinge  a  Prouiso  to  exclude  such  from  haveinge  100  Acres  p 
Company.  Share  as  shall  not  pay  in  their  monny  ratably  accordinge  to  subscrip- 

con  by  the  settinge  outt  of  the  first  Voyadge  that  the  Adventurers 
shall  agree  vppon  for  the  advanceinge  of  that  Plantacon,  Itt  was  now 
The  Clause  to  (Jesvred  that  the  said  clause  might  still  stand  in  force  least  otherwise 

stand 

those  that  did  drawe  backe  after  others  had  discouered  the  Countrie 
might  against  all  reason  challenge  as  great  an  interest  as  they  y'  had 
beene  att  all  the  charge  and  Coste,  for  w"*"  consideracon  itt  was  agreed 
and  ordered  that  the  said  clause  should  still  remayne  in  force. 

Ga:Wi8her<de8ire  (Jabriell  Wishcr  haveiuge  presented  himselfe  vnto  the  Courte  with 
Tres  to  y' Kinge  of  ofEcr  of  Ms  scrvicc  for  procuriuge  of  men  skillfull  in  divers  Comodi- 
Sweadiand  for  ties  out  of  Swcadland  and  Poland  att  an  easie  charge  soe  hee  might 
pcunnge  o  men.    j^g^^g  -j^j^g  jyj-g^ts .  ^^^^  ^^  ^j^g  Kinge  of  Swcadlaud  to  that  purpose  itt  was 

aunswered  that  they  held  itt  vnfitt  to  trouble  his  Ma**"  w""  soe  meane 
a  sute;  And  for  as  much  as  they  conceaved  that  the  Charge  of  pro- 
cureinge  men  that  way  howe  gainefully  soever  would  be  too  great 
and  to  high  a  rate  for  them,  resolved  therfore  to  take  some  other 
Course  by  recommendinge  the  care  herof  to  some  Marchant^  tradinge 
into  those  pts  who  might  provide  them  w***  a  farr  less  charge,  In  the 
the  meane  time  the   Company  would  content  themselvs  w**"  those 


DECEMBER  13,  1620  431 

they  hadd  allredie  in  Virginia  whome  they  would  supply  w'*"  more 
helpinge  hands,  which  was  the  thinge  they  cheiflie  desyred. 

M'  Deputie  signified  that  itt  pleased  my  Lord  of  Southampto  to  write  a  Comittee  to  so- 
verie  effectually  to  the  Lord  Maior  of  the  Cittie  for  a  certaine  num-  i^*'"'.'''  ^"  ^""''^ 
ber  of  Children  as  was  desyred  by  a  former  order  of  Courte :  And  swere  of  ye  tre 
therfore  moved  that  a  Comittee  might  be  appoynted  to  sollieite  the  *®"'  *"  '^'°'  ^^  "^ 
Lord  Maior  for  aunswere  of  the  said  tre  for  w''*'  purpose  the  Courte 
nominated  these  followinge,  vizd*:  m'  Smith,  m'  Swinhoe  m'  Casswell, 
m^  Chambers,  and  m'  Palmer. 

M'  Doctor  Bohune  haveinge  desyred  y*  hee  might  be  a  Phisition  gen  -  H'  Bohnne  Phui- 
erall  for  the  Company  accordinge  to  such  Condicons  as  were  formerly  tja'if'>''y'Keneraii 
sett  downe  by  way  of  Articles  vnto  which  place  [177]  they  had  alotted 
five  hundred  Acres  of  Land  and  twenty  Tennants  to  be  placed  ther 
vppon  att  the  Companies  charge.  The  Courte  was  pleased  to  accept 
of  his  humble  sute  for  that  place  &  imployment  and  therfore  ordered 
that  hee  should  have  tenn  men  provided  forth  with  to  goe  now  with 
him,  and  tenn  more  should  be  sent  in  this  next  springe  w"*"  should  be 
transported  att  the  Companies  charge  and  furnished  as  other  of  the 
TennantC  be,  Provided  that  xx"^  TenntC  beinge  thereon  established 
and  made  good  for  one  whole  year  after  their  landinge,  the  said  Doctor 
Bohune  do  after  if  any  of  them  Dye  covennt  to  supply  and  maynteyne 
from  time  to  time  vppon  the  said  Land,  And  att  his  decease  or  other- 
wise surrender  of  the  said  place,  leave  the  like  number  of  men  and 
Stock  of  Cattle  as  are  by  order  of  Courte  to  the  said  Office  allowed 
and  appoynted.  And  as  for  other  pticula"  touehinge  his  Contract 
w**"  the  Company  the  Courte  hath  referred  him  to  the  Comittees  who 
are  desyred  to  treate  and  conclude  w***  him  aboute  the  same. 

M"'  Deputy  signified  that  hee  had  receaved  good  store  of  Silkworme  s  i  i  k  w  o  r  m  e  s 

seed  both  out  of  Praunce,  Italy,  and  Spaine,  and  doubted  not  of  much  '^''""k^*  °"*  °' 

more  verie  shortlie,  soe  that  their  greatest  want  was  of  men  skillfull  in 

the  orderinge  of  them,  wherof  they  hadd  some  hope  err  longe  to  procure 

some  out  of  Praunce  by  the  help  of  m''  Chamberline  a  man  very  care- 

full  in  y'  buisines    In  the  meane  time  hee  acquainted  the  Courte  w"" 

one  y'  m''  Darnelly  had  poured  for  them  beinge  the  servant  of  m' 

16455— VOL  1—06 28 


432  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

m'  lasper  stai-  Jespar  Stallenge  who  had  these  five  years  togeather  been  brought  vp 
goef^to^vi^:  for  ^^^  teucliuge  of  the  King^  Silkewormes  vnder  his  said  m':  wherby  hee 
b  r  e  e  d  i  n  g  e  y  was  become  very  skillfull  in  breedinge  of  the  wormes  and  in  wyndinge 
Wormea.  ^j  their  Silke,  and  was  allso  a  good  Gardner  and  that  his  said  m''  was 

verie  williuge  that  hee  should  goe  to  Virginnia  to  be  imployed  in  the 
servi(?e  of  the  Comp* :  for  three  years  (w"*"  time  hee  had  yett  to  serve 
of  his  Apprentiship)  vppon  Condicon  that  the  Company  would  please 
xx"  to  be  giuen  to  jj^  Cousideracou  of  his  said  time  to  give  his  said  m''  xx"  w"'*'  offer  the 
Courte  thought  verie  reasonable  [178]  and  beinge  putt  to  the  question 
was  generally  assented  vnto  Provided  that  in  those  three  years  hee 
would  vndertake  to  instruct  others  that  should  learne  of  him  suffi- 
ciently in  the  premises. 

Tho  first  partn  of  j^gg  further  signified  that  the  first  pt  of  the  french  Booke  concern - 
all  moBt  finished,  i^ge  the  makiugc  of  fltt  roomes  to  keepe  Silkwormes  and  the  manner 
of  plantinge  Mulberie  Trees  to  feed  was  now  allmost  fynished  as  like- 
wise the  valuacon  of  the  seuerall  Comodities  to  be  had  in  Virginia 
ordered  heretofore  to  be  affixed  vnto  the  saide  booke  would  in  few 
dales  be  together  ready  to  be  printed.' 

y'  oide  Planters  j^^  ^^^  moved  that  for  the  better  encourragm'  of  such  of  the  old 

y'  baud  exteedt'u  ... 

others  in  buiidinge  Plaute"  as  had  exceeded  others  in  buildinge  of  fitt  houses  for  Silk- 

of  fitt  roomes  for  wormes  and  in  plantinge  Mulberie  Trees  and  Vynes  accordinge  to  a 

h'aue '^The   first  fofHier  dyreccou  in  that  behalfe,  might  have  the  advantage  before 

choyceofAppren:  others  in  the  first  and  best  choyce  of  such  Apprentizes  as  should 

shortlie  be  sent  vnto  them  the  rather  to  stirr  vpp  others  hereby  to 

contend  for  the  like  favour  &  reward  hereafter,  and  for  recompence 

of  the  great  charge  the  Company  here  shall  be  att  to  furnish  the  said 

Apprentices  well  in  deed,  and  for  sendinge  them  ouer  to  the  Planters, 

Itt  was  likewise  moved  that  their  Maisters  might  be  enioyned  to  repay 

The    Company  them  agaiuc  within  one  yeare^  (no  whitt  in  tobacco)  but  in  a  good 

t'h.'y  l\2\-nl.  Z%\.  <l^iantity  of  Corne,  Silke,  Silkgrasse  and  other  such  Comodities  and 

furnishing  them  that  at  the  Same  rates,  as  were  perticularly  sett  doune  vnto  them  in  a 

out  shaibe  repayd  ]jQQ]jg  ^outeyuinge  their  severall  valuacons.     And  that  signifieacon 

Corne  c  hcrcof  might  be  given  in  the  Counsells  letters  to  the  Gouerno',  w**" 

'These  two  printed  books  are  mentioned  in  the  List  of  Records,  Nos.  150  and  151,  page  138,  anlt. 
'  At  this  point  in  the  manuscript  the  writing  changes  to  that  of  a  third  copyist,  as  yet  unidentified. 
For  an  example  of  the  chirography,  see  Plate . 


DECEMBER  13,  1620  433 

further  intimacon  of  a  Charter  intended  to  be  passed  att  the  next 
Quart'  Court  to  that  effect :  w''''  proposicons  the  Court  did  generally 
agree  vnto  and  ordered  for  performance  of  the  same  accordingly. 

8'  Edwin  Sandys  moved,  that  whereas  the  bringing  over  of  Sassaphras  S'  Edwin  Sandys 

in  so  great  aboundance,  had  brought  the  price  thereof  to  so  lowe  a  f^^^^J^'li  ^'^^ 

rate,  as  it  was  now  worth  little ;   ffor  remeady  whereof  [  (  ]  if  the  Court  phras 

so  thovight  fitt)  they  would  make  an  offer  to  the  Company  in  Virginia 

to  compound  w'"  them  for  the  same :  w"""  being  brought  over  in  a  lesse 

quantity  and  all  into  one  warehouse  might  be  araysed  to  a  better  value, 

whereof  the  benifitt  should  be  duely  answeared  to  them  againe  [in'\ 

ordinance  Powder  Shott,  and  other  such  munition,  for  their  better 

[179]  Strength  and  safety:  And  that  they  would  signifie  so  much  in  y* 

Counsells  letter  to  the  Gouernor  w"""  motion  was  well  approved  of, 

and  there vpon  it  was  ordered  that  it  might  be  effected  accordingly. 


It  was  likewise  moved  that  some  might  be  appointed  to  drawe  the  S'  Edwin  Sandys 

desired   to   drai 
y'  Generall  Tre. 


said  Counselk  letter  vnto  the  Gouerno'  w'''^  was  to  goe  w""  the  Shippe  "^"'""'^  *°  ^""^^ 


now  bound  for  Virginia :  wherevpon  the  Courte  entreated  S'  Edwin 
Sandys  to  take  some  paines  therein  as  he  had  often  formerly  donne 
in  the  like  kinde  at  w"*"  request  he  was  pleased  to  vndertake  the  dis- 
patch thereof. 

Captaine  Roger  Smith  being  desirous  to  goe  this  present  voyage  to  Capt  Roger  Smith 
Virginia,  moved  that  he  might  have  the  charge  of  some  of  those  ^  ^^^^  "*''•  *  >" 
people  that  were  now  sent  to  §be§  the  Companies  Tenants.     And  persons^^TQder'him 
further  that  the  Company  would  please  to  bestowe  vpon  him  some 
meanes  to  make  him  the  better  fitt  for  the  said  voyadge :     ffor  asmuch 
therefore  as  the  said  Captaine  Smith  was  recomended  to  be  a  gentle- 
man very  sufficient  for  that  imployment,  and  in  regard  of  his  good 
experience  already  (havinge  been  heretofore  in  Virginia  about  some 
three  yeares)  might  thereby  doe  the  Company  great  service:     The 
Court  was  pleased  for  his  better  encouragement  to  giue  him  80": 
freely  to  furnishe  him  w""  necessaries  and  ordei-ed  that  he  should 
have  the  coinand  of  50  persons  nowe  transported  to  be  TeuautC  vpon 
the  Companies  land. 


434  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

Capt  Smith?  mo-  The  Said  Captaine  Smith  further  moved  in  the  behallf  of  a  younge 

SchoUer^desh-oS  Scholler  desirous  to  goe  w**"  him  this  present  voyadge  that  he  might 

togoetoVirg:      be  admitted  preacher  to  the  people  now  sent:     The  Courte  herevpon 

agreed  to  give  him  a  text  to  preach  vpon  about  a  fortnight  hence  in 

the  handling  whereof  if  they  found  him  a  sufficient  Scholler,  he 

should  be  entertayned  accordingly. 

Capt  Maddison  to  Captain  Maddisou  having  been  heretofore  twelue  yeares  togeather  in 
the'comlttees.  ^  Virginia,  and  there  imployed  by  S'  Thomas  Dale  (the  Gouerno')  in 
discovering  the  said  Countrye  and  severall  Rivers  therein :  did  nowe 
peticon  that  he  might  retourne  to  the  Colony  and  proceed  in  a  further 
discouering  of  Comodious  places  for  habitacon  w^^in  the  Land  The 
Court  herevpon  ordered  that  he  should  be  treated  w*"  by  the  Com- 
ittees  both  for  the  manner  of  his  discovery  as  also  to  make  it  to 
appeare  what  the  Charge  thereof  wilbe  vnto  the  Company.^     [180] 

Capt:  soffleK  re-  ^  motiou  beiuge  made  on  the  behalf e  of  Captaine  Somers  for  con- 
'^^^ '  firminge  vnto  him  such  lands  as  was  due  vnto  his  vncle  S'  George 

Burners  for  his  adventure  w''"  appeared  by  Accounts  to  be  470" :  and 
whereas  further  also,  there  was  demaunded  a  proporcon  of  land  for 
the  personall  adventure  of  the  said  George  Sumers  and  in  requitall  of 
his  other  good  service :  To  the  first  request  the  Court  made  answeare 
that  it  could  not  be  denied  him :  but  for  the  second  it  was  not  in  the 
power  of  any  other  but  a  Quarter  Court,  to  give  any  proporcon  of 
land,  vpon  merite. 

M'  Deputie  signified  that  my  lord  of  Southampton  (being  to  goe  out 
s'  Edwin  Sandys  ^f  Towue  and  like  to  be  a  long  time  absent)  desired  that  S'  Edwin 

to  glue   his    hand  _,_  -ii  i-iii  o/^  ■  i-i 

forreceipt?ofmon-  Saudys  might  be  authorized  by  order  of  Courte  to  giue  his  hand  for 
ey  in  my  Lo:  of  receipts  of   moucy  to  the  vse  of   the  Company :  w"*"  was  generally 
senL.     °°    "     assented  vnto  and  ordered  that  w*"  their  good  approbacon  he  should 
be  here  vnto  authorised  accordingly. 

'  Commissions  from  the  Governor  in  Virginia  to  Captains  Smith  and  Madison  are  given  in  List  of 
Records,  Nos.  310,  314  and  374,  pages  154,  156  and  161,  artte. 


JANUARY  29, 1620 


435 


A  Preparatiue  Court  held  the  29  Ianua; 


Present 
the  right  hono'''": 


Earle  of  Southampton. 
Lo:  Cauendish. 
Lo:  Pagett. 
S'  Edward  Sackuill. 


m'  Deputy  fferrar. 
m'  Gibb<. 
m'  Wroth, 
m'  Earle. 
m'  Geo:  Sandys, 
m'  Docto'  Anthony, 
m'  Sheppard. 
m'  Bromefeild. 


m"^  Zouch. 
m"^  Tucker, 
m^  TomlinC. 
m''  Smyth, 
m'  Nicho :  fferrar. 
m'  Ditchfeild. 
m"^  Seaward, 
m"^  Wheately. 


S'  Edwin  Sandys. 
S''  lohu  Dauers. 
S'fEran:  Wyate. 
S^  Walter  Earle. 

m"'  Bearblock. 
m^  Case  well. 
m'  Mellinge. 
m^  CufEe. 
m'  Combe, 
m''  Baynham. 
m'  Wyddowes. 
m'  Sparrowe. 
m'  Newporte. 
m'  Kightley. 
w*"  divers  others. 


My  lo :  of  Southampton  signified  vnto  this  Court  that  for  so  much  as  the  ^ly  'o:  of  south- 
time  of  S'  George  Yeardleys  Coinission  of  Gouernorshipp  would  ere  ei"Jjer°o  eonfirae 
longe  be  expired,  beinge  to  continue  but  till  November  next :     It  was  S'  Geo:  Yeardiey 
therfore  expedient  nowe  at  this  Quarter  Court  (in  respect  of  the '"'"^  "^""^'"p'^'-''^ 
shortnes  of  the  time)  either  to  confirme  S'  Geo:  Yeardly  againe  in  in  Ms  steed, 
his  said  [181]  office  by  a  newe  eleecon :  or  to  proceed  to  the  choice  of 
some  other  fitt  person  of  qualitie  to  succeed  him,  who  might  be  pre- 
pared to  goe  to  Virginia  by  luly  next  at  the  farthest  w'^''  later  Course 
his  Lo"  did  the  rather  encline  vnto,  because  he  had  receaved  adver- 
tisement of  S'  George  Yeardly  importuninge  desire  to  relinquish  his 


436  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIROINIA  COMPANY 

said  office  at  the  expiracon  of  his  said  Comission,  in  reguard  he  had 
soe  longe  a  time  togeather  (nowe  allmost  three  yeares)  attended 
wholly  vpon  the  publique  service. 

6'ffra:\Vyatecom- jj^g  Lqp.  therfore  proposed  vnto  the  Company  a  gentleman  recom- 
for  the  place  of  ended  vnto  him  for  his  many  good  parte  (namely  S'  ffrancis  Wyatt) 
Gouerno'.  -^jjo  was  Well  reputed  of,  both  in  respect  of  his  j^arentage,  good  edu- 

cation, integritie  of  life  and  faire  fortunes  (being  his  ffathers  eldest 
Sonne)  as  also  for  his  sufficiency  otherwise,  being  deemed  every  way 
w^ut  exception  fittinge  for  this  place  who  was  likewise  desirous  to 
take  this  charge  vpon  him  if  the  Company  would  please  to  accept  of 
his  willingnes  to  doe  them  service,  Notw*''standing  his  Lo'':  praied 
the  Company  not  to  neglect  the  nomiuacon  of  some  other  if  they 
could  thinke  of  any  one  or  more  sufficient  persons  of  quality  that 
would  willingly  vndergoe  this  waightie  burden  of  gouerment:  who 
might  togeather  with  this  gentleman  aforenamed  stand  for  the  elec- 
con  el  §at§  the  next  Quarter  Courte. 

A  Comittee  to  ex-  gr  JqJ^jj  Dauers  moved  that  accordinge  to  a  former  order  of  Courte 
s-  wiiim  Mounson  and  intimacon  by  the  Counsells  letters  vnto  the  Gouerno''  of  a  Patent 
Patent.  intended  to  be  granted  to  S'  W":  Mounson  and  his  Associate,  of  two 

Comodities  not  yet  discouered  or  planted  by  any  other  in  Virginia : 
for  somuch  as  a  draft  of  the  said  Patent  was  nowe  made,  he  desired 
a  Coinittee  might  be  appointed  to  examine  the  same,  and  so  put  to 
engrossinge  to  passe  at  this  next  Quarter  Court  wherevpon  the 
Court  nominated  a  Comittee  for  that  purpose  viz'  m'  Wroth,  m"'  GibbC 
m'  Deputy  m'  Kightly  &  m''  Bearblock : 

m'  George^ Sandys  -[yjr  (3jgQj.ge  gandys  havinge  moved  that  he  might  passe  ouer  two 
ffrances  Weyn-  Shares  of  land  vnto  S'  ffrancis  Wyneman  w"''  were  formerly  assigned 
™""-  vnto  him  by  m'  Thomas  Sandys,  the  Court  was  pleased  to  grant  his 

request. 

8'  Rich:  Buikiey  gr  Edwin  Saudys  signified  that  S'  Richard  Bulkly  of  Beamorris  in 

made  a  member  of  ^  o  j 

ycomp:  the  County  of  Anglesy,  desired  to  be  a  member  of  this  Company,  for 

w*^"  having  payde  in  his  25":  praide  he  might  haue  his  bills  of  Adven- 
ture vnder  the  Companies  Seale  w''"  the  Coui't  ordered  should  be 
gi'unted  vnto  him.     [182] 


JANTJAR  Y  29,  1620 


437 


A  motion  beinge  made  that  m'  Woodall,  might  be  warned  in  at  this  ™'  woodaii  to  be 
Quarter  Court  to  answeare  such  scandalous  speaches  as  he  had  for- 
merly diuulged,  in  disgrace  of  the  booke  authorized  by  his  Ma"  Coun- 
sell  for  Virginia  as  like  wise  touchinge  S'  Edwin  Sandys  according 
to  a  former  order  of  Court,  made  the  IS'*"  of  luly  last. 

M'  Caswell  signified  vnto  his  Lo^:  (as  m^  Smith  had  formerly  donne 
to  the  like  effect) ,  that  it  was  the  humble  suite  of  the  Company  that 
it  would  please  his  Lo''  to  acquaint  them  how  farre  they  had  pceeded 
in  drawing  vp  the  newe  Patent  w"''  was  intended  to  be  confirmed  by 
Acte  of  Parliament  the  proceeding  and  good  Successe  whereof,  would 
exceedingly  animate  and  encourage  all  the  adventurors,  if  they  might 
be  released  of  these  late  grants,  and  from  all  Monopolies  hereafter 
of  the  like  nature,  whereof  his  Lo''  promised  they  would  have  a 
speciall  care,  and  happily  be  able  at  the  next  Court  to  giue  them  some 
accounte. 


a  generall  quarter  court  held  for 
Virginia  vltimo  Ianuarij  1620: 


Present 

The  right  honorable  Earle  of  Southampton. 

Earle  of  Dorsett. 
Earle  of  Deuonshire. 
Lord  Padgett. 


S'  Thomas  ffinch. 

S'  Nicholas  Tufton. 

S'  Walter  Earle. 

S'  lohn  Dauers. 

S'  Willm  Twisden. 

S"'  ffrancis  Wyate. 

S^  Robert  Phillip. 

S''  Samuell  Sandys. 

S'  ffrancis  Wyneman. 

m'  Henry  Mannering. 

S'  Edwyn  Sandys. 

m'  lohn  Wroth. 

S'  Edward  Lawly. 

S'  Phillip  Carey. 

m^  GibbC.           [1JS3] 

Doeto^  Gulston. 

m^  Kightly. 

m'  Chamberlp.ine. 

m'  Deputy  fferrar. 

m'  lermyne. 

m'  Mellinge. 

m'  Bromfeild. 

m'  Steward. 

m'  Seaward. 

438 


RECORDS  OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 


m'  Wrothsby. 
m'  Geo:  Sandys, 
m'  Robte  Smith, 
m"'  Linsey. 
m'  Palauacine. 
m'  Whitley. 


\a!  Sheppard. 
m'  Craumer. 
m''  Scott. 

in''Nicho:  fferrar. 
m"'  Rugles. 
m"'  Darnelly. 
m'  Bland, 
m'  Bull, 
m"'  Cart  Wright. 
m'  EdwardC. 


m"^  Bernard. 

m"^  Lawrence. 

m'  Loner. 

ra'  Widdowes. 

m'  Berblock. 

m'  Case  well. 

m''  Swinho : 

m"'  Chamberlen. 

m"^  Couell. 

w""  divers  others. 


MyU.:  signified  of  My  Lord  of  Southampton  signified  vnto  the  Company  that  he  had 
hia  Ma":  gracioua  ^^^^^  mindefull  of  their  former  requests,  and  for  that  cause  had  that 

anawere    to   their  ^  ' 

Ire.  morninge  been  w      my  Lord   of   Doncaster,  to    §knowe§   his  Ma": 

answeare  concerninge  their  letter  w"""  his  Lop:  had  formerly  pre- 
sented to  his  Ma"* :  who  reported  that  having  the  same  day  moved 
the  kiuge  to  that  purpose:  It  pleased  his  Ma*'":  to  say  (having  read 
the  letter)  that  he  found  nothing  therein  w*^*"  might  not  in  reason  be 
granted:  And  therfore  they  should  finde  him  ready  to  doe  this 
Hie  Ma"':  was  will-  Company  all  the  favour  and  right  they  iustly  could  desire.  And 
^°^J^^'™^''' *^'''' touching  there  request  to  renewe  theii-  Patent,  his  Ma"":  was  like- 
wise pleased  they  should  goe,  to  the  drawinge  vp  of  their  booke  being 
confident  they  would  be  carefull,  to  insert  nothing  therein  that  might 
be  pliudiciall  eyther  to  his  power  or  proffitt:  for  w"*"  cause  his 
pleasure  was  that  after  they  had  finished  the  same,  his  learned  Coun- 
sell  might  pervse  it ;  w"**  afterward  according  to  their  owne  desire 
might  also  be  confirmed  by  Aete  of  Parliament  ffor  w"*'  most  gracous 
and  Princely  favo':  extended  towards  them,  the  Court  w""  exceeding 
great  ioye  and  comforte  did  generally  testifie  their  infinite  bounden 
thankfullnes  vnto  his  Ma"" :  as  likewise  vnto  his  Lo^ :  and  that  other 
noble  Lord :  who  had  togeather  taken  so  gi-eat  paines  and  Care  in  a 
buissines  of  so  gi*eat  importance  and  consequence  vnto  them  all.  [184] 

S'Wiiim  Moun-  rpj^^  (i^afte  of  S'  William  Mounsons  Patent  and  other  his  associate 
beinge  nowe  presented  to  the  Court  and  read.  The  Court  after  a 
longe  debating  of  some  points  therein  conteyned  w"''  were  thought 


JANUAR  Y  29,  1G20  439 

not  sufficiently  explained  and  liaving  also  taken  exception  against 

some   other  parte   thereof:   at  length   ordered   that   for  the   better 

explayninge  of  their  true  meaninge  and  intent  thereby,  these  Causions 

and  lymitacons  following  should  be  inserted  therein:  recoinendinge  Adaieongtobein- 

the  Care  hereof  to  see  it  done  to  those  former  Comittees  appointed  ^^ 

to  examine  the  same.  viz'. 


1.  To  Lymitt  the  Comodities  to  two  first  and  no  other,  that  the  Pat- 
entees shall  discover  and  plant. 

2.  To  add  this  Proviso  in  these  words  that  the  said  two  Comodities 
be  none  of  those  Comodities  pertucularly  named  in  a  booke  of  the 
valuacon  of  the  Comodities  in  Virginia  lately  published ;  nor  of  such 
other  Comodities  as  the  Governo'  and  Counsell  of  Vu-ginia  shall  have 
also  excepted. 

3.  Thirdly  that  the  Clause  touchinge  examimacon  vpon  oath  be  cleane 
left  out. 

4.  ffourthly  that  there  be  an  exception  of  all  Mynes  &  Minneralls. 

S''  Edwyu  Sandys  signified  that  my  Lo :  of  Southampton  being  one  of  ^  p*^°'  grantci 
the  greatest  and  most  auncient  Adventurers  of  this  Company  having  ^^  o  sou 
now  a  desire  w***  the  helpe  and  Assistance  of  some  of  his  freindC  to 
vndertake  and  advance  a  perticular  Plantacon  in  Virginia,  to  the 
number  of  300  shares,  moved  that  a  Patent  might  be  gi'anted  to  his 
Lo'':  and  order  taken  for  some  plparation  in  the  meane  tyme  to  be 
there  made,  for  the  better  encouragem':  of  the  Adventurors  and  set- 
ting forward  of  so  noble  a  designe ;  w*^""  mocon  the  Court  generally 
condiscended  vnto,  as  beinge  willing  to  giue  his  Lo^:  all  the  hellpe  and 
furtherance  they  could  in  an  Action  so  full  of  bono" :  and  fey  w"*"  by 
example  might  [185]  drawe  on  others,  w'"  like  resolucon  to  advance 
more  pei'ticuler  Plantacons  in  Virginia  and  thereby  in  shorte  tyme 
replenish  that  Country  w""  good  multitudes  of  people. 

The  Secretaries  peticon  was  referred  to  the  Auditors  and  Comittees  The  Seor^  Peticon 
to  be  considered  of  who  are  desired  to  certifie  what  they  shall  thinke  ■■*^*"**^- 
fitt  to  be  donne  therein. 


440  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

m'  Markhama  re-  The  Auclitors  being  put  in  mynde  of  m'  Markhams  request  for  some 

ward  respited.       allowance  foi"  his  paines  extraordinary  in  the  Companies  service.     It 

was  thought  fitt  to  respitt  his  reward,  vntill  they  had  fi;rther  pceeded 

in  S'  Thomas  Smiths  Accounts,  whereby  his  desertC  that  way  would 

the  better  appeare. 

My  Lo:  desired  to  After  thcsc  busiuesses  Were  thus  ordered :  and  the  Court  nowe  full, 
oHheir  Goaw"  ^^Y  ^ord  of  Southampton  moved  that  if  the  Company  so  pleased  they 
would  now  goe  to  the  eleecon  of  their  newe  Gouerno''  of  Virginia  who 
was  to  succeed  S'  George  Yeardly  after  the  expiration  of  his  said 
Comission  (w""  is  to  determine  in  Nouemb :  next,  S'  George  Yeardley 
having  then  allso  a  desire  to  release  and  disburden  himsellf  of  the  said 
place  of  Gouernm' : )  The  Court  therf  ore  proceeded  having  agreed  to 
a  present  eleecon  my  Lo :  prayed  the  Company  that  if  according  to  his 
former  admonition  they  had  bethought  themselues  of  auj^  person  of 
quality  fitting  for  so  eminent  a  place  that  would  be  willing  to  vnder- 
take  the  due  managing  thereof  that  they  would  now  please  to  nomi- 
nate the  man,  who  might  be  put  to  the  ballating  box  to  geather  w"' 
S'  ffrancis  Wyate  who  was  formerly  proposed  and  recomended  vnto 
them/ 

S'  ffrauncis  Wyate  g^^^  j^q  other  persou  being  so  much  as  named  and  for  that  this  gentle- 
man S'  ffrancis  Wyate  was  both  recomended  and  so  well  knowne,  to 
be  every  way  sufficient  to  take  this  charge  vpon  him,  he  was  in  this 
great  and  generall  Quarter  Courte  w*^  the  whole  consent  and  appro - 
bacon  of  the  same,  (save  two  only^  [186]  whose  balls  were  found  in 
the  negatiav  box)  chosen  to  be  the  successiue  Gouerno'':  of  Virginia 
L-n^wif  m^^^S  ^^^^^  ^'  George  Yeardley :  w^*"  place  S'  ffrancis  Wyate  having  w'" 
thanks  c.  much  thankfullucs  accepted  of,  and  with  a  free  acknowledgment  of 

his  affeecon  and  resolucon  constantly  bent  to  doe  the  Company  the 
best  service  he  could  in  that  place :  It  was  likewise  moued  that  for 
f  u™"r^,  p^"'^  bis   better   encouragement   herein   the  Court  would   be   pleased   to 
sell.  bestowe  another  favo''  vpon  him  by  admitting  him  one  of  his  Ma": 

Counsell  here  for  Virginia  w''''  mocon  was  thought  very  reasonable 

'  I^etters  from  Sir  George  Yeardley  to  Sir  Edwin  Sandys,  concerning  his  desire  to  be  released  from 
ofl'ue,  are  mentioned  in  List  of  Records,  Nos.  247  and  254,  page  148,  aiUe. 

"Two  blank  pagea  in  the  manuscript,  not  numbered,  were  evidently  unintentionally  passed  over 
by  the  copyist. 


FEBB  UAR  Y  n.  1620 


441 


and  was  generally  assented  vnto,  as  being  willing  in  point  of  hono': 
to  enhable  and  encourage  him,  the  better  to  vndertake  the  said  place 
of  gouerm*:  vpon  him. 


An  Extraordinary  Court  held  for  Virginia  22:  Februarij  1620; 


S'  Edwin  Sandys. 
S'  lohn  Dauers. 
S^ffran:  Wyate. 
m'  Deputy, 
m'  Wroth, 
m"^  Wrote, 
m^  GibbC. 
m'  Sheppard. 
m'  Case  well. 


Present 

m'  Smith. 

Captain  Bargraue. 

m'  lermin. 

m'  Doctor  Anthony. 

m"^  George  Sandys. 

m'  Hicks. 

m"'  Nicho :  fferrar. 

m"^  Cranmer. 

m'  Beareblock. 


m^  Whitly. 
m"^  Palmer, 
m''  Widdowes. 
m"^  Bay  nam. 
m'  Edwards, 
m"'  Melling. 
m'  Roberta, 
m^  Viner. 
m'  Smith, 
m""  Chamberlen. 
w**"  divers  others. 

S'  Edwin  Sa  ndys  signified  vnto  the  Company  that  my  Lord  of  South  -  My  Lo:  of  South- 
ampton by  reason  of  this  buissy  time  of  Parliam' :  could  not  be  spared  *°°*,  absence  ae- 
Ti  !•  •  IIP  1-11      s""^    '°    ^  *^^" 

to  be  here  at  this  present  meetmge ;    and   thertore  desired  to  be  cused. 

excused,  he  further  acquainted  them,  that  the  occasion  of  their  being 

assembled  this  day,  was  to  let  them  knowe,  howe  carefull  he  had 

been,  in  the  drawing  vp  of  their  newe  Patent,  nowe  presented  to  be 

read  vnto  them,    [187]   wherein   he  reported,  what   extraordinary  s'  Edwin  Sandys 

paines  he  had  taken,  aswell  to  amend  in  this  newe  draft,  the  defects  deciaracon    of 

he  had  noted  in  all  the  former  Patents,  also  to  supply  out  of  them,  p^^t^^^    ^^'^ 

and  other  PresedentC  of  like  nature,  what  he  in  his  owne  experience 

and  iudgement  had  observed  to  be  necessary  for  them,  as  also  he  had 

not  omitted  to  inserte  therein,  such  necessary  cautions,  as  would 

hereafter  secure  and  save  them  harmeles,  against  any  Proclamation 

or  Patent,  that  might  (as  heretofore)  be  procured  to  their  preiudioe, 

the  same  being  once  passed  vnder  the  Seale  and  confirmed  by  Act  of 

Parliament.     But  before  the  reading  of  this  Newe  Patent,  he  desu-ed 


442  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

to  acquaiute  them  w'"  some  alteracons  he  had  made  therein,  differ- 
ing from  the  former  Patents,  especially  in  two  points  namely  in  the 
head,  and  in  the  body  thereof,  ffirst  in  the  head,  That  whereas  in 
the  former  Patents  their  cheife  officers  were  called  by  the  name  of 
Treasuror  he  had  in  this  given  him  a  more  eminent  title,  by  styling 
him  their  Gouerno' :  because  the  name  Treasuror  seemed  to  imploy 
an  inferio"^  officer  and  one  that  was  to  be  an  Accountant. 

And  because  the  Northerne  Colony-Adventurors,  had  to  their  Terri- 
tories given  the  name  of  New -England,  he  thought  fitt  that  theirs  did 
still  retaine  the  ould  name  of  Virginia,  for  by  this  meanes  all  Virginia 
should  be  theirs,  for  the  body  of  this  Patent,  as  namely  in  their  new 
Incorporacon  he  said,  he  had  likewise  differed  from  the  former  in  two 
points :  first  in  the  materiall  parte  thereof,  by  abrideging  the  same, 
and  restrayning  it  onely  to  such  Adventurors  and  Planters  as  have 
at  least  one  share  of  Land  of  100  acres  in  Virginia  C.  In  the  formall 
parte  thereof,  as  well  to  avoide  the  infinity  of  names  by  reason  of  the 
multitude  of  Adventurors  (encreasing  still  more  and  more,)  as  for  that 
many  were  already  named  in  a  former  Patent  he  th  erf  ore  thought  good 
in  this  to  name  only  the  LordC  of  the  higher  howse  of  Parliament,  and 
add  therevnto  these  words  comprehending  in  effect  all  the  rest :  viz : 
togeather  w""  all  other  [188]  Adventurors  and  Planters  in  Virginia 
C.  some  other  necessary  alteracons  and  addicons,  he  said  he  had 
made  in  some  other  parte  of  the  said  Patent,  w'*'  in  the  reading  he 
would  notifie  vnto  them  desiringe  their  attcntacon  attencons  to  the 
reading  thereof,  and  to  giue  their  best  advise  about  the  same. 

The  Court  con-  Before  the  Patent  was  read  through,  because  the  Afternoone  was  farr 
spent  it  was  vpon  a  motion  agreed  and  ordered  that  the  Court  should 
continue  till  all  buissinesses  were  ended. 

A  mocon  of  some  Jt  was  also  moved  by  some  of  the  Somer  Hands  company  that  y"  Court 
iiandsWmp"'sig-  would  plcase  to  thiuke  of  some  Course  that  might  be  forthw'"  taken 
nifying  y  great  iu  hand  either  by  peticoninge  to  his  Ma"^:  or  to  the  howse  of  Parlia- 
losse  they  haue  j^g^f  \^q  declare  thereby  the  great  hinderance  and  losse  that  both  the 

suatavned    by    y*  '  j  o  •  r^ 

ute  'Prociamacon  Plantacous  had  susteyued  by  the  late  Proclamation  and  Graunt  of  the 
^'-  sole  importacon  of  Tobacco  to  certaine  Patentees :  As  likewise  vnder 


flrawen  to  j"*  lower 
house  of  ParliamV 


FEBR  UAR  7  n,  1620  443 

coulo'  thereof:  of  their  iniurious  proceedings  against  both  the  Com- 
panies in  that  they  have  not  onely  stinted  them,  to  too  scant  a  ppor- 
con  but  have  also  restrayned  them  from  sellinge  their  Tobacco  lately 
brought  from  the  Somer  Hands  w'^out  their  Scale  &  allowance  first 
had  for  w"''  they  were  to  pay  for  garblinge  the  same  after  the  rate  of 
fower  pence  p  ". 

The  Court  therfore  generally  agreed  to  pferr  a  peticon  to  the  lower  a  peticon  to  be 

howse  of  Parliament  in  the  name  of  the  Company  of  Virginia  being 

also  members  of  the  Somer  Hands.     And  therein  to  complaine  of  the 

former  greivances  tendinge  to  the  vtter  destruccon  and  overthrowe  of 

both  the  said  Plantacons,  whereof  they  doubted  not  but  they  should 

finde  the  like  redresse  as  of  many  other  monopolies  of  like  nature 

which  the  lower  house  had  called  into  question  and  by  his  Ma": 

gracous  pmission  intended  vtterly  to  extinguish.     [189] 

It  was  therfore  ordered  that  a  Comittee  should  be  appointed  for  draw-  a   Comittee   for 
ing  the  said  peticon  and  for  this  purpose  nominated  S'  ffrancis  Wyate  p^'^^"^  ^    ^^^' 
m'  George  Sandys  and  m'  Deputy  fferrar  who  are  desired  to  take  some 
paines  therein  and  to  make  it  in  substance  agreeable  to  that  w""  S^ 
Edwyn  Sandys  had  deliuered  vnto  them. 

The  Patent  being  reade  and  put  to  the  question  to  knowe  whither  The  Patent  ap- 
they  would  have  it  so  to  passe  or  desired  any  thinge  to  be  added  there  -  ^"^""^  " 
vnto,  it  was  generally  well  approved  of,  and  thought  to  be  drawne 
fully  and  exactly,  for  w""  the  Company  gave  vnto  S'  Edwyn  Sandys 
many  deserved  thankC  for  his  great  paines  taken  therein. 

Herevpon  m'  Wrote  tooke  occasion  to  pray  the  Court,  to  take  into  ™'  ^rotes  mocon 
consideracon  such  suit?  as  now  depend  betweene  the  Company  and  g°i°j^  °!^°^epend 
any  person,  being  heretofore  coinenced  in  the  name  of  the  Treasurer  between  the  Com- 
and  company  (w"""  by  this  newe  Patent  was  hereafter  to  be  called  the  ^*"-^'  "^  *"•''  °^^^^ 

—-,  _^  person  vv  • 

Gouernor  and  Company)  were  not  so  concluded,  as  they  must  of 
necessity  be  inforced  to  begin  their  suitC  anewe :  wherevnto  answeare 
was  made  that  this  change  of  Title  could  be  no  preiudice  at  all  to  any 
such  suites  considering  the  former  PatentC  should  not  be  surreudred 
but  remaine  still  in  force. 


444 


RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 


The  LL':  desired  gf  Edwyii  Sandy s  havinge  moved  that  some  might  be  appointed  to 

Ma"  "^  n^a^rant  to  soHcite  the  dispatch  of  this  newe  Patent  vnder  Seale  and  to  procure 

m'  SoUicitor.        the  king<  warrant  to  m^  Solicitor  to  make  the  same  ready  for  his  Ma" : 

signature  It  was  desired  that  the  lord^  might  be  intreated  on  the 

behallf  of  the  Company  to  take  that  paines  to  procure  the  said  warrant 

and  to  hasten  the  dispatch  thereof  w""  some  expedicon.     [190] 

A  Comittee  to  pe-  Captainc  Bargraue  havinge  presented  a  treatise  w*""  he  had  made 
^estrMtiee.  concerning  the  gouerment  of  Virginia  moved,  that  a  Comittee  might 
be  appointed  to  peruse  the  same  wherevpon  the  Court  nominated  S'' 
Edward  Sackuill  S'  ffrancis  Wyate  m"'  Gibbs  m"'  Wrote  m''  Deputy  m'' 
George  Sandys  Captain  Masters  Captain  Bingham  m'  Nicholas  fferrar 
and  m"^  Rugles  who  are  desired  to  meete  vpon  monday  the  26 :  of  this 
present  moneth  to  consider  thereof  and  to  certifie  at  their  next  Court 
their  opinions  touching  the  same. 


At  a  Court  held  for  Virginia  the 
12  OF  Aprill  1621: 

Present. 


The  right  hono^'"  The  Ea:  of  Huntingdon. 
The  Ea:  of  Southampton. 
S''  Edwyn  Sandys. 
S"'  lohn  Dauers. 
S"^  John  Wolstenholme. 
S''  ffrancis  Wyate. 
S"'  lohu  Brookes. 
S'  Walter  Earle. 


m"'  Gibbs. 
m'  Deputy. 
m'Phil:  lermyn. 
m'  Chris:  Earle. 
Capt:  Bargi-aue. 


m''  Rogers, 
m''  Berblock. 
m'  Sheppard. 
m"^  Cranmer. 
m'  Boothby. 


m'  Bennett, 
m'  lad  win. 
m"^  Hamor. 
m'  Tucker, 
m''  Coombs. 


m'  Baynam. 
m'  Hackett. 
m'  Newport, 
m'  Ewen. 
m''  Viner. 


APRIL  m,  16M  445 

Docto':  Wynston.  m' Palavacin.  m' Peirce.  m'' Cuff. 

m'  lohn  Smyth.  ni'  Smith.  m'  Barbor.  m'  Canninge. 

m'  Moone.  m'  Leauer.  m'  Widdowes.  m^  Woodall. 

m'  Keightly.  m'  Bull.  m'  Meuerell. 

S'  Edwyn  Sandys  being  desired  to  make  reporte  what  had  ben  done  ^'  E^^yn  Sandye 
conc''ning  the  newe  Patent,  signified  vnto  the  Company,  that  whereas  ^^^  "^^^  ^^^^m 
the  Lo :  Viscont  Doncaster  had  form91y  plsented  a  letter  from  the  the  new  Patent. 
Counsell  to  the  kinge,  wherein  among  other  things  they  did  humbly 
entreate  his  Ma'':  most  gracous  favour,  to  renewe  [191]  their  Patent, 
and  that  the  same  might  be  allso  confirmed  by  Acte  of  Parliament, 
the  better  to  strengthen  the  Plantation  in  generall  by  engaginge  of 
the  whole  State  in  the  interest  and  support  of  the  Action :  It  pleased 
his  Ma"^ :  to  signifye  his  graceous  pleasure  by  my  Lord  of  Doncaster 
to  m'  Attorney  generall  for  drawinge  vp  the  same :  To  w'''"  end  he 
said,  that  he  and  m"'  Herbert  and  m'  Deputy  had  attended  m"'  Atturney 
about  the  same,  presenting  him  the  drafte  w'^''  had  formerly  been 
read  here  in  Courte:  and  having  acquainted  him,  w'*"  the  order  he 
had  vsed  throughout  the  said  booke  by  reducing  it  into  three  head< 
viz',  the  first  contayning  such  ymunities  as  had  been  graunted  in  their 
former  Patents,  the  second  some  addicons  as  they  had  taken  out  of 
the  Somer  Hands  Patent,  the  third  such  newe  clauses  as  tyme  & 
experience  had  taught,  to  be  necessary  for  them :  wherevnto  he  added 
likewise  a  fourth  w''''  was  the  amplifyinge  and  enlarging  some  neces- 
sarie points  as  were  in  generall  word^imployed  in  their  former  GrauntC. 
In  reading  whereof  m'  Attorney  well  obserued  that  their  newe  Incor- 
poration differing  in  name  from  the  old  (the  Tfer  beinge  in  this 
called  by  the  name  of  Gouerno'' : )  was  not  warrantable  in  lawe  in  that 
manner  as  they  had  drawne  it,  w^'out  surrender  of  the  form9  Pat- 
ents, for  that  it  did  thereby  imploy  two  distinct  Corporacons :  Biit 
this  point  m'  Atturney  vndertooke  to  amend  by  altering  the  forme, 
and  framing  it  another  way :  But  as  for  such  new  clauses  &  addicons 
w"**  they  had  made,  m"'  Attorney  desired  he  might  have  a  speciall 
warrant  from  his  Ma"^:  to  that  effect:  To  w"*"  purpose  S'  Edwyn 
Sandys  said  there  was  nowe  a  peticon  drawne  to  be  exhibited  to  his 
Ma"° :  for  procuring  a  reference  to  such  of  his  Highnes  most  hono*"'^ : 


446  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

priuy  Counsel!  as  it  should  please  his  Ma"^:  to  assigne,  to  take  con- 
sideracou  of  those  newe  clauses  w""  they  desired  to  be  inserted  in 
their  Patent  w""  peticon  my  Lo :  of  Doncaster  out  of  a  noble  desire  to 
farther  all  occasions  tendinge  to  the  good  of  the  Plantacon  was  pleased 
to  vndertake  to  present  vnto  his  Ma"' :  and  to  solicite  for  answeare 
touching  their  request.     [192] 

m'  Edward  Ben-  gr  Edwyu  Saudys  moved  that  in  regard  m'  Edward  Bennett  a  Cittizen 
nett  ma  e  ree.  ^^^  ^^  y^^Yi.  deserved  of  this  Company  by  a  treatise  w''*'  he  made 
touching  the  inconvenience  that  the  importacon  of  Tobacco  out  of 
Spaine  had  brought  into  this  land :  and  by  his  often  attendance  vpon 
the  Comittees  of  the  lower  howse  of  Comons  about  the  same,  (who 
were  well  inclyned  to  afford  their  best  assistance  for  prohibiting  the 
bringing  in  of  Spanish  Tobacco)  that  therfore  he  might  haue  the  favo' 
to  be  admitted  a  free  member  of  the  Company  w""  mocon  was  thought 
very  reasonable  and  being  put  to  the  question  was  generally  assented 
vnto  and  confirmed  by  ereccon  of  hand^. 

CaptwiiTmNewce  Whercas  Captaiuc  William  Newce  out  of  a  generous  disposicon  and 

lOOTperso^a"^^""^  dcsire  to  advance  the  generall  Plantacon  in  Virginia  (being  induced 

herevnto  by  reason  of  a  good  successe  he  had  in  Ireland  vpon  the  like 

worthy  Action)  hath  freely  offered  vnto  the  Company  to  transport  at 

his  owne  cost^  and  charges  1000  persons  into  Virginia  betwixt  this 

and  midsomer  1625:  to  be  there  planted  and  imployed  vpon  a  pertic- 

ular  Plantacon :  and  intendeth  to  goe  over  himsellf e  in  person,  the 

better  to  direct  and  gouerne  his  owne  people  over  whome  he  prayes, 

his  request  for  a  \yQ  jj^^y  be  appointed  their  Generall  and  to  that  end  desu'eth  a  Patent 

w""  that  proporcon  of  land,  and  w'*"  such  large  and  ample  priviledges 

besides,  as  are  vsually  graunted  to  others  in  feet  ||the  like||  kind. 

And  further  aswell  in  consideracon  of  the  Chargeableness,  of  the 

enterprise  he  vndertakes,  as  also  for  his  better  encouragem'  there - 

vnto,  he  desireth  the  Company  would  || please ||  graunt  him  the  place  of 

his  request  for  y'  Marshall  in  Virginia,  which  oflSce  he  affecteth  the   [193]   rather, 

in  Virginia      ^   bccause  he  hath  ever  been  exercised  in  Military  affaires  and  Armes,  (as 

may  appeare  by  his  many  worthy  services  performed  in  Ireland,  well 

knowne  to  diners  bono'''*:  persons  of  this  kingdome,  who  have  testified 

the  same  sufficiently  vpon  their  owne  knowledge  to  his  exceedinge 


APRIL  12,  1621  447 

great  Comendacon)  :  And  desires  likewise  that  he  may  be  allowed  50 : 
men  to  be  placed  as  TenantC  vpon  the  land<  to  be  alotted  vnto  the 
said  office,  w"**  he  vndertakes  to  transporte  and  furnish  w""  apparell 
and  necessary  implements  for  8" :  the  pson  charge  vnto  the  Company 
(whereof  the  Moytie  he  desires  present  jjayment)  w''*'  persons  beinge 
there  arryved  he  will  maintaine  and  vphould  at  his  owne  charge  from 
tyme  to  tyme  duringe  his  continuance  in  the  said  office :  The  Court 
havinge  therefore  duely  considered  of  his  proposicons  (concerning 
w''*'  the  Counsell  had  also  treated  w"*  him  formerly)  were  pleased  to 
giue  order  that  a  Patent  should  be  drawne  for  him,  as  ample  as  any  a  Patent  graunted 
other,  w**"  all  manner  of  priuiledges,  saving  the  Tytle  of  Generall,  "™ 
w*  they  could  not  graunt  him,  because  it  was  a  tytle  properly  belong- 
ing to  the  Gouerno'  only. 

And  forasmuch  as  Captaine  Newce  hath  given  so  large  a  testimony  "^^e  place  of  Mar- 
of  his  experience  and  skill  in  Marshall  discipline  wherein  he  hath  g,  ^jj^''^g'^ce. '^ 
bene  exercised  and  imployed  a  long  tyme,  vpon  many  seruices  in 
Ireland,  as  allso  in  matters  of  fortificacon  and  other  warlike  experi- 
ments no  whitt  inferio''  to  any  (as  hath  been  also  testified)  and  for 
that  he  hath  also  promised  to  imploy  his  best  endeavo"  and  service, 
to  the  good  of  that  Plantacon  (w"*"  is  like  to  proue  a  matter  of  great 
consequence  vnto  it)  in  consideracon  whereof  although  there  be  no 
present  necessity  or  vse  of  such  an  officer  in  Virginia  (in  reguard  of  the 
perpetuall  league  lately  made  betweene  the  Gouernor  there  and  the 
Indyan  Kinge)   yet  to  gratifie  his  worthy  vndertakinge   [194:]  the 
Company  are  pleased  to  grant  him  the  said  place  of  Marshall,  w""  50:  ^-  »«"  *«  ^  *'■ 
men  to  be  his  Tenants.     And  if  the   State  of  their  Cash   (w'^''  the 
Adventurors  are  now  desired  to  examine,)  will  pmitt,  they  will  pay 
him  in  hand  one  Moytie  of  the  money  that  he  desires,  and  the  other 
Moytie  vpon  Certificate  from  the  Gouerno'  of  his  arrivall  in  Virginia : 
As  for  other  condicons  of  the  Contract  to  be  made  betweene  the  Com-  -^  Coaittee  ap- 
pany  and  him :     It  is  agreed  and  ordered  that  y*  generall  Comittees  ^'^-^^^ 
assisted  w**"  some  of  the  Counsell  hereafter  named,  shall  further  treate 
and  conclude  w""  him  about   y^  same,  touchinge  all  pertieularities 
whatsoeuer,  and  to  this  end  are  desired  to  meete  at  S''  Edwyn  Sandys 
house  vpon  Saturday  being  the  14*''  of  this  present  Moneth. 

16455— VOL  1—06 29 


Counsel  1. 


448  RECORDS 

The  names  of  those  of 
y"  Counsell    that    are 


OF  THE  VIROINIA  COMPANY 


desired   to 

Comittees 

vizt. 


assist  the 
are    these 


S'  Edwyn  Sandys. 
S'  lohn  Dauers. 
m'  Sheppard. 
m'  Deputy, 
m'  Gibbs. 


m'  lermin. 

m'  Wrote. 

ni'  Doc :  Winston. 

m'  Keightley. 


The  names  of  the  general!  Comittees  are  these  vizt. 


Comittees. 


m"^  Cranmer. 
m''  Bearblocke. 
m'  Bull, 
m'  Geo :  Smith, 
m'  Casewell. 
m'  Melling. 


m'  Barnard, 
m'  Boothby. 
m'  Nich :  fferrar. 
m'  lones. 
m'  Clarke. 


m'  Bland, 
m'  Wiseman, 
m'  Chambers, 
m'  Wheatley. 
m'  Darnelly. 


My  U:Berkiyad-  M'  Smith  signified  vnto  the  Company  that  my  Lady  Berkley  out  of  a 
mittedtobefree.  ^ggj^g  ^q  be  a  member  of  so  bono"'":  a  Company  and  to  giue  some 
furtherance  to  so  hopefull  a  Plantacon  was  pleased  to  offer  her  sellf 
to  come  in  vpon  one  share  of  land  nowe  at  first  for  w'^''  shee  would 
pay  in  her  12"  10'.  And  therfore  [195]  moved  her  la":  might  be 
admitted  into  this  Society:  which  mocon  was  thought  very  reason- 
able and  was  generally  assented  vnto. 

m'  onisworth  to  jje  likewise  moued  that  in  regard  m''  Ouldsworth  (now  in  Virginia) 
spii'o'rs^tein'vi"-  wheu  he  was  in  England  lyved  in  that  reputacon  and  Creditt  as 
ginia.  befitted  a  gentleman  of  his  ranke  and  quality  being  a  Justice  of  peace 

and  of  the  Quorum ;  and  that  in  respect  of  his  worth  and  sufficiency 
he  might  be  admitted  one  of  the  Counsell  of  State  in  Virginia,  w*"" 
mocon  was  also  conceaved  to  be  very  reasonable,  and  therfore  ordered 
that  it  should  be  moued  in  a  Quarter  Courte ;  And  besides  some  place 
should  be  thought  vpon  for  him  suitable  to  his  personal!  merritt  and 
worth. 

The  Comittees  to  yr  Ed^.yn  Sandys  moved  that  for  so  much  as  S'  ffrauncis  Wyate,  is  by 
charge  c  y>  is  to  ^  general!  eleccon  appointed  to  succeed  S'  George  Yeardley  in  the  place 
be  prouified  for  S'  of  Goucmo'  over  the  Colony  in  Virginia ;  whose  Comission  determines 
ffra:\\yate.         j^  Novemb :  ncxt :  That  tlierfore  the  general!  Comittees,  assisted  w'" 


APRIL  m,  1621  449 

those  of  the  Counsel!,  formerly  named,  might  consider,  both  what 
charges  and  what  Company,  and  other  preparacons  shall  be  fitt  and 
necessary  to  be  provided  for  a  man  of  his  quality  and  place,  whereby 
S'  ffrauncis  Wyate  may  the  better  vnderstand  howe  to  accomodate 
himsellf  against  his  goinge :  w**"  mocon  was  thought  very  important 
and  therfore  the  Court  ordered  it,  to  be  referred  to  the  Comittees 
formerly  nominated. 

Captain  Mathewe  Som-erC  peticon  is  referred  to  the  examinacon  of  the  9*pt-  '^meKpeti- 
said  Comittees  befoi'e  whome  he  is  required  to  make  it  appeare  what  '^'^^  ^^  ^"^  ' 
was  due  vnto  his  Vncle  S"'  George  Somers  as  likewise  y°  iustnes  of  his 
Clayme  therevnto  in  the  right  of  his  said  vncle  now  deceased  whose 
heire  he  pretendeth  himsellf  to  be.     [196] 

S"'  Edwyn  Sandys  moved,  that  for  somuch  as  S''  Richard  Bulkley  hav-  a  Patent  to  S' 
ing  purchased  two  shares  of  land  for  w"''  he  had  paid  in  his  25":    "^  '    ""^  *^' 
intended  nowe  to  make  a  perticular  Plantacon  in  Virginia,  and  to  send 
over  100  psons  at  his  owne  Charge :  moued  that  he  might  for  that 
purpose  have  a  Patent  graunted  vnto  him:  w''*'  mocon  was  accord- 
ingly assented  vnto. 

S'  Edwyn  Sandys  signified  that  there  was  one  (vnknowne  to  him  by  The  treatise  of  de- 
face) was  nowe  in  hand  w**"  an  excellent  Tretise  consisting  of  these  bT'^readv^ae'-  l-* 
five  speciall  head^  Defence,  Plentie  Health,  Trade  and  Manners,  all  next  meeting, 
tendinge  to  the  reformacon  of  the  Colony  in  Virginia,  and  the  future 
advancement  of  the   generall   Plantacon:  moved  therfore  that  the 
Court  would  be  pleased  to  make  request,  that  the  said  Treatise  might 
be  perfected  against  the  next  meetinge :  Wherevpon  the  Court  entreated 
the  same  might  be  ready  against  that  tyme. 

It  was  likewise  moved  that  for  somuch  as  there  hath  hetherto  been  The  neglect  in  the 
observed  so  great  neglect  and  remissenes  in  the  Gouerno":  of  Virginia,  ingot  staple Com- 
from  tyme  to  tyme  (to  the  infinite  preiudice  of  that  Plantacon)  in  that  odities. 
they  haue  not  duely  performed  those  direccons,  which  haue  from 
hence  been  Comended,  to  their  care  and  execucon,  whereby  little  or 
nothinge  hath  been  effected,  answearable  to  the  gi'eat  care  and  charge 
the  Company  haue  been  at,  for  planting  good  and  staple  Comodities 


450  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

in  that  Country,  to  the  great  scandall  of  the  gouerment  there,  and  noe 
lesse  discouragement  of  the  Adventurers  here,  that  for  reformation 
An  officer  to  be  hereof  such  an  [197]  officer  may  be  chosen,  to  be  sent  thither,  who 
of^a  Trei'uroT  "^  flight  iu  the  qualitie  of  a  Treasurer  not  onely  to  take  into  his  pticuler 
charge  the  Rente  and  duties  of  what  kind  soever,  belonging  to  the 
Company  here  (there  being  at  this  instant  aboue  1000" :  due  vnto  them) 
but  also  take  into  his  speciall  reguard  and  care,  (as  principally  recom- 
ended  to  his  peculiar  Charge  onely  and  for  w"**  a  good  Account  wilbe 
expected)  to  see  those  direccons  and  comaundement<  w''"'  he  shall 
receaue  from  hence,  duely  and  faithfully  executed  from  time  to  time 
or  otherwise  to  render  a  sufficient  reason  to  the  Contrary  whereby  the 
Company  hereafter  may  be  better  informed  and  satisfied  in  the  pro- 
ceed of  their  buissines  and  affaires  in  Virginia :  w''*'  mocon  the  Court 
greatly  applauding,  as  that  w"''  carried  w""  it  the  greatest  consequence, 
and  being  desirous  that  such  an  important  officer,  might  be  forthw*"^ 
thought  vpon  : 

It  pleased  my  Lo:  of  Southampton  to  propose  a  gentleman,  well 
knowne  vnto  them  all,  as  a  man  very  fitt  to  take  that  charge  vpon 
m'  George  Sandys  him  namely  m'  George  Sandys  who  indeed  was  generally  so  well 
narned  for  Treas-  j.gpu^g(j  Qf  ^  f^j.  j^jg  approucd  fidelity  Sufficiency  and  integrity :  as  they 
conceaved  a  fitter  man  could  not  be  chosen  for  that  place  and  there - 
vpon  agreed  to  his  eleccon ;  referring  him  to  the  former  Comittees 
to  be  further  treated  and  concluded  with  concerning  the  same. 

Herevpon,  and  vpon  declaracon  of  the  State  of  the  newe  Patent  made 
m'  Smith?  mocon  by  S'  Edwiu  Saudys,  m"'  Smith  tooke  occasion,  first  to  ptest  that  his 
tnminng  >'  newe  ^^^^  ^^  ^^^^^  ^^  j^^^^  ^^  spcake,  reflected  not  either  vpon  y"  person  of 

the  nowe  Gouerno"' :  in  Virginia,  or  vpon  the  new  Gouex'no"'  here  in 

Court,  or  vpon  any  other  in  perticular  but  for  the  generall  bono'' :  and 

welfare  of  the  Plantation,  was  to  entreat  of  my  lord  of  Southampton 

&  the  Counsell:  that  in  the  said  Patent  (if  no  such  [198]  addicon 

y'  y*  Gouerno'  of  of  powcr  were  therein  inserted)  authority  might  be  given  to  the 

q'uSbnedlnEng^  Quarter  CourtC,  to  question  the  Gouerno^  of  Virginia  here  in  England 

c  if  the  ill  merritt  of  his  government  should  so  deserve,  and  to  punish 

him  by  fyne  or  otherwise,     ffor  he  could  not  but  declare  that  not 


APRIL  12,  1621  451 

publicum  but  priuatum  comodum  did  seeme  to  have  ben  their  endC  of 

effecting  that  place :  for  his  private  letters  (whereof  he  had  at  tymes 

receaved  aboue  forty)  did  as  he  thought  truely  informe:  That  no 

direccons  or  instruccons  (which  w""  singler  wisedome  dilligence  and 

care)  had  from  tyme  to  tyme  issued  from  the  Treasuro'' :  and  Counsell 

here ;  had  been  put  by  them  in  execucon  to  the  losse  of  many  mens 

lives  there,  to  the  hinderance  &  scandall  of  the  whole  Plantacon  and 

to  the  disesteeme  and  slightinge  of  the  psons  of  the  Treasuror  and 

Counsell  here,  and  the  authoritie  of  the  whole  Court,  w'^''  he  onely 

presumed  to  coihend  to  their  consideracons.     But  herevnto  answeare 

was  made  y'  it  was  the  opinion  of  m"'  Atturney  generall  vpon  a  smaler  ^''®  option  of  m' 

matter  in  their  newe  Patent  then  this  was  (namely  the  punishment 

of  labourers  artificers  and  such  like  offenders)  that  he  feared,  it  would 

have  much  adoe  to  passe  w""  such  a  clause  the  house  of  Parliam'.  ^"^'^""i"  '^^piace 

And  besides  they  had  already  power  in  their  said  Patent  to  displace 

the  Gouernor  vpon  iust  occasions:  which  was   conceaved   to  be  as 

much  as  would  be  graunted  vnto  them  by  Acts  of  Parliament  touching 

that  point.' 

M'  Smith  likewise  moved :  That  for  so  much  as  y*  lottaries  were  now  ™'  Smiths  Mocon 
suspended,  which  hetherto  had  continued  the  reall  and  substantial!  to"^  ^  p„j  ^nt^L 
food,  by  which  Virginia  hath  been  nourished:  [190]  That  insteade  Print c. 
thereof,  shee  might  be  now  preserued,  by  divulginge  fame  and  good 
report,  as  shee  and  her  worthy  Vndertakers  did  well  deserue,  declar- 
ing that  it  could  not  but  much  advance  the  Plantacon  in  the  popular 
opinion  of  the  Comon  SubiectC,  to  have  a  faire  &  perspicuous  history, 
compiled  of  that  Country,  from  her  first  discouery  to  this  day :  And 
to  haue  the  memory  and  fame  of  many  of  her  worthies  ||  though  they 
be  dead  to  line  and  be  transmitted  to  all  posterities || :  As  namely  8"^ 
Thomas  Dale  S'  George  Soiners  S'' Walter  Rawleigh  the  Lo:  Dela- 
warr  S':  Thomas  Gates  and  divers  others  wherevnto  were  it  not  for 
suspition  of  flattery  he  would  wish  also  the  names  of  many  her  other 
worthies  yet  livinge  and  some  of  them  now  present  in  Court,  might 
have  also  their  bono'''*:  and  good  deserving^  comended  to  eternall 
thankefullnes,  for  that  our  inhabilities  had  as  yet  no  trewer  Coyne, 

'  This  is  the  last  mention  of  the  new  patent.     See  Introduction,  page  102,  anle. 


.jr)2  RECORDS   OF  TllK  VIROINIA   COMPANY 

wluM-cwitli  to  rocoiiipoiu'o  llu'ir  puiues  uiul  nuuTitc,  affirining  also, 
that  tli»>  Ix'st  now  plniitiHl  \nxv\(.  of  Americji,  viid''  the  Spaiiisli  gover- 
mont  nor  their  Aiiiuilos  or  liistories  of  those  times,  in  their  like  ages 
of  ours  no\V(^  VI  yi^anw  old  Virginia  affordtnl  better  matter  of  relaOoii 
then  N'irginia  liatli  donn;  and  doth,  which  what  elTect  smdi  a  gtuj- 
crall  history  (dcducHMl  to  the  life  to  this  yeare)  would  W'orke  through- 
out the  King(h)nie  with  the  g(MUM'all  and  eomou  Subieet,  may  be 
gathered  by  the  little  PamphlettC  or  deelaraeons  lately  printed:  And 
hesi(h'S  f(nv<^  sueeeedinge  yeares  would  sooiu^  ('onsunu>  the  lives  of 
numy  whose  livinge  memories  yet  retayncnl  much  and  devouered  those 
letters  «fc  inttdligiMiees  whieh  yet  remaiiu>  in  loose  and  neglected 
papers:  I'oi- w''' boldnes  in  niouinge  hereof  he  prayed  his  Lo'":  ])ar- 
don,  ledd  herevnto  vpon  the  request  of  some  of  his  fellowes  of  the 
(lenerallity.     [200] 

w"''  worthy  speach  had  of  the  whole  Court  a  very  great  !vi)plause  as 
spoken  freely  to  a  speeiall  purpose  and  therfore  thought  titt  to  be 
considered  of  and  put  in  prac^tise  in  his  due  time.  And  for  w"**  also, 
m'  Smyth  (as  lu'eferi'ing  alwaies  mocons  of  speeiall  consequence) 
was  exceedingly  comendud.' 


A  PujsPAiuTiuE  Court  kor  Virginia 
30:  Aprilis  1G21: 

Prkhknt : 

iS'  lohn  Dauers.  m'  Inland.  nf  Melling. 

S'  ITrilncis  Wyate.  m'  Henry  Rainsford.  m'  (^eo:  Smith. 

S'lliMiry  liaynsford.  m'Edw:(Hbb€.  m'^  Meuerell. 

ni''  l)(>puty.  m'  Rogers.  m'  Wale. 

nrOihbt:.  m' ('ranmer.  m' Parker. 

m' Wrote.  m' Challoner.  m'Nich:  fferrar. 

'TliiH  liooU   iH  not  HUHiii   ri'forroil  In,  but   ia  iloubtK'HU  Jolui  Smith's  "  Tlu>  Cionorall   Uistorieof 
Viruiuia." 


APRIL  30,  1G21 


453 


Capt  Nowc.e. 
m'  (}(!() :  Sandys. 
Doctor  Anthony, 
m''  Smith, 
m'  Sh(!i)})(Yr(i. 
ni'  Steward. 
Captain  Tucker. 


m'  Whcatly. 
nr  Hootli))y. 
m'  Barber, 
m'  Couoll. 
ni''  Conib.s. 
ni'  liull. 
m'  Casewoll. 


m''  Riif^'Ics. 
m'  \Vi(hh)we8. 
m'  Baynam. 
m'  Ewens. 


Whereas  it   liath   been   taken  into  considisracon  howe  impoi-tantly  Tho  offlrors  of 
ncccssai-y  it  is  to  ()sta))lish  two  siicli  oflicci'S  in  Viri^inia  as  Mai'shall  ■"^'"™'"'"  *  '"''"«»• 

•'  ...  "'■"'■    liclu   very 

and  Trcasuror  whereby  the  o\w  niij^lit  take  into  his  can*  and  charj^e  m-ceaaary. 
aswell  th(i  fortiticacon  Armes  and  forces  of  the  Colony  there,  and  t(^ 
cause  the  peo})lo  to  be  duely  trayned  vp  in  military  services  and  iu 
the  vse  and  order  of  Armes,  and  so  fi-om  time  to  time  to  [201]  mayn- 
taine  the  greatest  strenj^th  that  may  be  against  all  forraigne  invasions, 
And    that  the  other,    might   not  ontdy  w^'"  like  care  take   int(j   his 
Charge  the  KentC  and  debt^  that  now  and  here  after  shalbe  due  vnto 
the  Company  (there  being  alr(uidy  aboue  1000"  to  be  answeared  vnto 
them)  but  furthei*  also  see  thost*  dire(;cons  that  \w  shall  receave  from 
home  for  the  setting  foi'ward  all  staple  Comoditi(!S  diudy  and  faith- 
fully executed  from  time  to  tyme  (wherein  a  very  gi-eat  negle<tt  hath 
hethei'to  been  observed  to  the  infinite  preiudice  of  that  Plantacon) 
And  for  asmuch   as  Captain   William   Nowco   hath   been   specially  f«i>'   n«>wo«'  for 
recomended   vnto  this  ('omjtany   by  divers   bono     :  persons  ot   this  ^,^^^,, 
kingdome  for  his  lidelity  iudgement  and  suflicienc^y  to  vndertake  and 
performe  the  said  office  and  service  of  Marshall  as  having  ever  been 
exercised  in  military  affaires  and  Armes:  And  for  the  said  i>laco  of 
Treasuror  be(;ause  in'  Sandys  was  in  lik<i  manner  pro]tose(l  whome  m'  Sun.ivB  f..r  y' 
all  men  conceaved  to  be  every  way  sufficient,  to  take  that  charge  •■'""•"''"'■••"■'""■or. 
vi^on  him:  It  was  thought  litt  and  ordered  that  the  generall  CoiTiit-  TheGeneraiiCom- 
tees,  assisted  w"'  some  of  the  Counsell,  should  meete  togeather  and   ,  ^^.ti'^j  „(  ui^ 
advise  aswell  for  scitling  of  the  said  offices  and  places  and  for  a<'com-  Buia  offices. 
odating  them  w"'  fitting  allowances  and  ])eople.     As  also  to  take  the 
like  care  that  the  Newe  Gouerno'  shortly  to  be  sent  be  well  provided 
and  accomodated  fitting  for  his  place  and  quality,   Wherevpon  m' 


454  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

It  was  reported  by  Deputy  desired  S'  lohu  Dauers  to  deliver  what  had  been  donn  by  the 
Comitreerha^d  Comittees  Concerning  the  same  who  reported  that  they  had  taken 
taken  great  paines  great  care  and  paines  therein  aswell  to  informe  them  sellves  out  of 
^'  other  Presidents  what  had  been  allowed  in  the  like  kinde  as  also  of 

the  present  State  of  the  Cash  what  it  was  now  able  to  performe.'  [202] 

Allowance  for  y'  ^^^  flj-gt  for  the  placc  of  Marshall  the  said  Comittees  haue  allotted 
place  of' MMshaii.  ^^^O :  acres  of  land  to  be  appropriated  to  that  ofl&ce  for  ever,  And  the 
number  of  50 :  psons  to  be  placed  as  Tenants  vpon  the  said  landC 
which  the  said  Captain  William  Newce  hath  vndertaken  w*''in  one 
yeare  after  his  arrivall  in  Virginia  to  procure  and  place  vpon  the  said 
landC  well  furnished  w^'all  thingC  necessary  for  the  cultivatinge 
thereof  and  the  same  number  to  maintaine  and  keepe,and  so  to  leave 
to  his  Successor.  In  consideracon  whereof  they  have  agi-eed  to  paye 
vnto  him  the  said  Captain  Newce  200" :  in  hand  at  the  sealing  of  his 
Comission  for  that  place  and  other  200" :  towards  the  discharge  of  his 
shipping  and  Marriners  wages  vpon  their  returne  from  Virginia,  or 
in  default  thereof  vpon  Cei'tificate  of  the  landing  of  his  people  in 
Virginia. 

Allowance  for  y|  ^^(j  fQj.  ^^  maintenance  of  the  said  Treasuror,  the  said  Comittees 
place of°Treaauror.  have  Hkewisc  allotted  1500:  acres  of  land  perpetually  to  his  office,  and 
50:  men  to  be  placed  therevpon,  in  the  quality  of  Tenants,  whereof 
25  to  be  sent  this  yeare,  to  accompany  the  person  of  the  said  Treas- 
uror, and  the  other  25 :  the  next  yeare  following :  who  is  also  to  have 
the  passage  of  his  owne  family  (not  exceeding  the  number  of  10: 
psons)  to  be  transported  at  the  Comp'  charges:  And  toward  furnish - 
inge  of  himsellfe  for  the  voiage,  according  to  former  Presidents  in  the 
like  nature,  they  thought  fitt  to  allowe  150". 

Capt  Thomas  ^jj(j  concerning  Captain  Thomas  Newce  (the  Companies  deputy  in 
'  Virginia)  aswell  in  discharge  of  a  former  pmise  made  vnto  him  as 
also  to  thend  his  reward  might  be  no  lesse  then  others  whose  paines 
and  deserts  they  doubted  not  but  he  would  equall  they  have  agreed  to 
add  10 :  psons  more  (when  the  Comp :  shalbe  able)  to  make  vp  his 
former  number  50.     [203] 

'The  system  of  government  for  the  colony  is  mentioned  in  List  of  Becords,  No.  261,  page  149,  anie. 


APRIL  SO,  1621  455 

The  Comittees  thought  meete  also,  that  for  all  officers  thus  setled,  the  The   Privik^jge* 
same  priviledges   (graunted  vnto  the  said  Captaine  Thomas  Newee  Iho^N-^w^e  to  be 
deputy)   should  in  like  sort  he  given  viz*:  that  whosoever  for  their  likewisegrtnted to 
sakes  should  bringe  in  any  adventure  of  12''  10':  the  money  so  brought  |^!^7     offi.era 
in,  might  be  imployed  for  enereasing  the  numbers  of  men  belonging 
to  their  places  and  likewise  the  hallf  of  all  such  old  debtC  due  vnto  the 
Company  vpon  subscripcon  that  shall  be  procm-ed  and  brought  in,  by 
their  meanes. 

And  as  touching  the  Gouerno'' :  shortly  to  be  sent :  It  was  thought  fitt  The  GouSno'  to  be 
to  haue  all  necessaries  in  such  readines  as  to  have  him  shipped  and  be  ^''""  ^  "  ^ ' 
gon  the  Voyadge  by  the  prime  of  luly  and  the  men  to  be  taken  in,  at 
the  He  of  Wight. 

ffor  the  more  speedy  effecting  whereof,  it  is  also  agreed  that  the  The  Comittees  to 
Comittees  should  be  required  to  enquire  out  the  Shipp  meete  for  this  1"'^""'^  ""'  * 
intended  voyadge. 

It  was  allso  thought  fitt  by  the  said  Comittees  not  to  allowe  y°  Gou9-  2oo»  allowed  by  y 
no'':  lesse  then  two  hundred  pounds  for  all  necessary  provisions  to  be  Go'u9nr'-  &  v- 
made  for  his  voyadge  And  to  allowe  him  the  transport  of  himsellf  transport  of  20. 
and  such  as  shall  attend  him  so  as  the  number  exceeds  not  20  psons.  P'^"°'"- 

All  w""  allowances  the  Court  thought  very  reasonable  and  therefore 
recomended  them  to  the  Confirmation  of  the  Quarter  Courte. 

M'  Deputy  signified  that  according  to  the  direccons  of  the  former  The  George  found 
Comittees,  they  had  made  enquiry  and  had  already  found  out  a  very  ""'  ^'  ^'  c omit- 
good  Shipp,  called  the  George  very  fitting  for  their  purpose  w"""  m' 
Wiseman  offered  vpon  these  Condieons  following  viz*  y*  shee  should  °>'    Wysemans 
carry  no  more  then  80  men  [204]  and  them  at  6"  a  man  after  w""  rate  " 
he  desires  to  have  the  whole  payment  in  hand :  he  demands  likewise 
for  each  tun  of  goodC  3" :  &  to  carry  no  more  then  may  conveniently  be 
stowed  in  the  Hold,  w%ut  pestering  the  deeke.     He  hath  promised 
likewise  to  allowe  to  every  two  Passengers  one  Chest,  fraight  free: 
And  further  for  his  fraight  homewards  he  will  take  it  as  it  falls  out 
and  offereth  to  bynde  himselfe  to  bring  the  Companies  Tobacco  at  3** 
the  pound  or  otherwise  to  leave  it,  at  their  pleasure  for  the  price  and 


456  RECORDS  OF  THE  YIRGINIA  COMPANY 

whither  they  will  accept  to  have  it  brought  in  his  Shipp  or  no ;  w°* 
m'  Ewens  also  agreed  vnto,  offring  to  carry  their  Tobacco  as  good 
Cheape  as  another,  and  otherwise  they  did  not  desire  it. 

The  said  offer  rec-  "^ch  pi-Qposicons  the  Court  thought  Very  reasonable  and  therfore  rec- 

Qulrter  Court.  ""  "nicnded  it  to  the  Quarter  Court,  and  w^'all  enioyned  the  said  m' 

Ewens,  to  haue  his  Shipp  in  a  readines  by  the  first  of  luly  next,  either 

at  the  He  of  Wight,  or  where  the  Comittees  shall  appointe,  whome  he 

is  required  to  attend  for  that  purpose. 

S'  lohn  Dauera  gr  \q\^^  Daucrs  delivered  (and  referred  it  to  the  Consideracon  of  the 
Tildaiottin^'^aii"^  Courte)  a  moeon  that  fell  out  to  be  made  after  the  treaty  of  the  Com- 
Gou9no"and other  ittccs  couceming  the  former  officers  was  concluded:  w'^''  was  that  in 
officers  Ten ntc  ^.gnniard  of  the  vsuall  constitucou  of  men  and  land^  to  belonge  to  every 

into  y'  number  of        °  o  j 

the  Pubiique:  chcif  officers  placc,  and  some  reason  &  experience  had  found  that  the 
officers  Tenants  were  cheifely  reguarded  and  the  generall  Companies 
Tenant?  the  more  neglected :  it  therfore  might  be  fitting  to  cast  and 
allott  all  the  Gou9no"  and  other  officers  Tenant?  into  the  hmber  of  the 
pviblique  and  out  of  [205]  the  whole  proffitt?  belonging  to  the  Com- 
pany, and  the  said  Gouerno'':  and  other  officers  should  have  their  p" 
proportionable  to  the  number  of  Tenant?  appointed  vnto  them.  By 
w''*'  meanes  there  would  be  a  more  generall  care  for  the  advancing 
pubiique  affaires  and  proffitt  of  the  generall  Company  since  all  the 
officers  interest  and  Comodity  was  therein  imployed ;  which  mocon 
being  conceaved  an  Innovacon  and  to  overthrowe  thing?  already  estab  - 
lished  was  (as  the  case  nowe  stoode)  thought  more  likely  to  introduce 
a  conceipt  in  the  people  of  inconstancy  of  their  governm*:  &  conse- 
quently a  discontent  then  such  a  due  reformacon  as  might  be  hoped. 
Nevertheles  it  was  worthy  consideracon  whither  the  Treasurors  place 
and  other  hereafter  to  be  established  might  not  very  fittingly  be 
referred  to  receaue  their  proporconable  mayntenance  from  the  proffit? 
of  the  pubiique  Tenant?  since  it  was  very  probable  that  these  officers 
so  to  be  mayntained  would  imploy  their  owne  care,  and  likewise  by 
their  dilligent  watchfullnes  enduce  the  former  established  officers,  to 
bestowe  their  paines  more  fully  and  diligently  for  the  raising  of  the 
Companies  proffitt  and  not  so  much  to  intend  their  owne  pticulers : 
w''*'  mocon  was  thought  fitt  to  be  considered  of  hereafter. 


APRTL  30,  1621  457 

M'  Wrote  moved  that  for  somuch  as  the  Gouerno" :  hetherto  as  he  m'  Wrotea  mocon 
had  heard  had  not  donn  according  to  their  instruccons  to  cause  their  ^,  '  *^  °eg<-<.-t  of 

°  Oou^nors    in    not 

Tenants  to  plant  and  builde  howses  whereby  they  might  haue  a  fixed  buiidinge  howses. 

place  of  abiding  and  subsistence  that  therefore  the  newe  Gouerno'  ^'■ 

and  all  others  hereafter  might  be  the  more  strictly  dealt  w^^all,  in 

their  Instruccons  concerning  that  point  whereby  the  Comf)any  may 

not  be  inforced  hereafter  at  the  seaven  yeares  end  to  send  over  fresh 

supplies  of  psons  vpon  a  newe  charge  w''''  mocon  was  thought  fitt  to 

be  recomended  to  the  care  and  consideracon  of  the  Counsell  and  to 

insert  that  Prouiso  in  his  Comission  and  Instruccons. 

Whereas  in  respect  of  the  personall  worth  and  merritt  of  m'':  Ouls-  The  Place  of  Coun- 
worth  nowe  in  Virginia  a  mocon  was  made  for  conferring  A'pon  him  ferr'^onm'o'uis- 
the  CbanBcllo'ebip  ||ChauncellorP|| :  wherein  he  had  [206]  some  good  worth  referred, 
experiences :  It  was  auns weared  that  for  somuch  as  the  place  is  chal  - 
lenged  by  another  gentlemen   pretending  a  former  graunt  thereof 
from  the   Company  in  respect  of   his   adventure,   it   could   not  be 
graunted:    The    Court  therfore   thought   fitt,   to   respite   the   same 
vntill  it  might  appeare  what  title  or  pretence  the  said  gentleinn  had 
there  vnto. 

M'  Deputy  acquainted  the  Court  that  for  so  much  as  the  orders  of  the  ^^'^^'  °®f ""  '"^ 
Company  did  require  every  officer  to  give  vp  his  Account  for  the  e!)unt.^  "  '^ 
yeare  past  at  this  Quart'  Court  according  to  his  place  he  thought  good 
for  somuch  as  concerned  him  ft»4  to  yeeld  them  a  true  Account  (not 
doubting  but  that  pte  of  Account  w"*"  conc'ned  my  Lo:  of  South- 
ampton himsellf  it  would  please  his  Lo" :  to  relate  vnto  them  to  their 
good  satisfaccon.) 

Concerning  m'  deputies  Accounts  he  shewed  that  whereas  he  had  Concn'^g  m'  Dep- 

receaved  divers  Somes  of  money  of  his  Lo^:  to  be  disbursed  by  him 

and  the  Comittees  in  making  provisions  of  all  sortC  for  divers  shipps 

and  people  this  yeare  sent  to  Virginia  he  was  not  able  at  this  Court  to 

giue  vp  a  pfect  Account  of  all  the  pticulars  to  the  finishing  of  it.     In 

regard  that  himsellfe  and  the  Comittees  for  the  more  speeedy  dispatch 

of  the  said  Shipps  and  people  formerly  sent  had  bought  divers  sort^ 


458  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

of  provisions  vpou  their  CredittC  hoping  to  have  receaved  money  ere 
this  tyme  from  m'  Barbor  for  clearing  those  debt^.  Wherby  his 
AecountC  might  have  been  perfected  against  this  Quarter  Coiu't. 

But  the  sodaine  suppressing  of  the  Lottaries  have  caused  that  money 
came  not  in  as  they  expected;  And  forsomuch  as  the  Companies 
Stocke  lyeth  now  altogeather  in  plate,  and  therfore  not  so  p!sently  able 
to  be  turned  into  money,  w^'out  to  great  losse  but  hoped  it  would  by 
the  next  Quarter  Court  w""  would  be  about  five  weekes  [307]  hence; 
for  these  reasons  he  did  humblie  entreate  this  Court  that  they  would 
m'  Deputies  re-  j^g  pleased  to  respite  his  Accounts  till  the  moneys  were  receaved  for 
Accountr^^'  '**  the  paying  of  such  debtC  as  were  to  be  discharged  vpon  the  last 
yeares  Account  w''''  being  cleered  he  promiseth  to  bring  in  his 
Account  w''^  the  Court  thought  verie  reasonable. 

tonchingS'Edwyn  Touchiug  S"'  Edwyu  Saudys  Account  he  likewise  declared  that  in  his 
^an  ys  ccount.  g^j^gg^gg  j^g  ^yg^s  ^o  signify  vnto  them,  that  whereas  S"' :  Edwin  at  the  giv- 
ing vp  of  his  place  stood  bound  for  the  Company,  for  certaine  Sumes 
of  money  w"*"  were  ordered  to  be  paid  vnto  him  for  discharge  of  the 
fraight  of  divers  shipps,  and  other  things,  w""^  Shipps  for  somuch  as 
all  of  them  are  not  yet  returned  but  daily  expected  he  therfore  desired 
his  Accounts  might  likewise  be  respited  till  the  next  Quarter  Courte 
after  this:  By  w*  time  hee  hopeth  the  Shippes  wilbe  returned, 
whereby  he  may  discharge  her  according  to  the  Contract,  as  wee  ||hee|| 
had  well  and  carefully  donn  all  oth"  for  w"''  he  stoode  engaged,  w"'' 
mocon  was  likewise  thought  very  reasonable  and  of  necessitie  to  be 
graunted. 

m'  Morewood  re-  ]yjr  ^ucker  movcd  in  the  behallfe  of  one  m^ :  Norewood  whome  hee 
tees  to  be  treated  wi^H-h  comcuded  for  his  approved  skill  and  experience  in  surveying 
w>'^-  of  landC  and  for  so  much  as  there  was  so  great  vse  of  such  an  officer 

in  Vu-ginia  for  meating  out  and  distinguishing  the  true  lymittC  and 
bounds  of  each  pticler  Plantacon  and  that  he  was  very  desirous  to 
goe  vpon  that  service  that  therfore  the  Company  would  please  to 
accept  of  him  for  their  Surveyo' :  The  Court  herevpon  referred  him 
to  the  Comittees  to  be  further  treated  w**"  about  the  same. 


APRIL  30,  1621  459 

M':  Deputy  having  informed  the  Court  of  m'  NewlandC  good  affeccon  ^'-  ''^'■«'  of  Land 
to  the  Plantacon  and  of  his  extraordinary  paines  and  care  he  had  ^•e,^.laDd. 
taken  about  the  Shipping  of  the  psonns  transported  in  y*  Abigaile 
taken  in  at  the  He  of  Wight :  In  consideracon  whereof  the  Court  was 
pleased  to  bestowe  vpon  him  "S"  shares  of  land,  recomending  the  same 
to  the  confirmacon  of  this  Quarter  Court.     [208] 

It  was  likewise  moved  that  for  somuch  as  m'  Bonnall  keeper  of  the  Two  Shares   be- 
kingC  Silkewormes  at  OtlandC  had  so  well  deserved  of  the  Company  ^'.V^XTttS'to 
by  his  Care  in  procuringe  the  ffrenchmen  from  Languedock  w**  were  be  free, 
heretofore  sent  to  Virginia  and  had  likewise  reported  well  of  Virginia 
to  his  Ma*^ :  vpon  occasion  of  speach  (comending  the  Mulbery  trees  in 
that  Country  to  be  of  the  best  kinde)  moued  therfore  that  the  Court 
would  please  to  gratifie  his  good  deserving^  w*''  the  guift  of  some 
shares  of  Land  and  to  make  him  a  free  brother  of  the  Company 
wherevpon  it  was  ordered  he  should  have  two  shares  and  have  his 
admittance  accordingly. 

The  Auditors  and  Comittees  according  to  a  former  order  of  Court 

having  taken  into  their  consideracon  the  many  buissinesses  incident 

to  the  Secretaries  office  (farr  exceeding  that  w""  was  donn  by  the  The   secretaries 

former  Secretary)  thought  i*  fitt  in  consideracon  thereof  to  enlarge  '  ^  ^^^  ^"  ^"^^ ' 

his  Salary  from  xx"  p  Ann :  to  40" :  for  the  time  to  come  and  for  the 

yeare  past  to  reward  him  w*''  20" :  more  then  his  former  stypend  in 

respect  of  his  paines  extraordinary. 

S'  lohn  Dauers  signified  that  it  was  the  request  of  my  Lady  Lawarre 
vnto  this  Courte  that  in  Consideracon  of  her  goodC  remayning  in  the 
hand^  of  m''  Rolfe  in  Virginia  shee  might  receave  satisfaccon  for  y* 
same  out  of  his  Tobacco  nowe  sent  home,  But  for  so  much  as  it  is 
supposed  the  said  Tobacco  is  none  of  the  said  Rolf<,  but  belonged  to 
m'  Peirce,  it  was  thought  fitt  that  m'  Henry  Rolfe  should  ac"quaint 
my  Lady  Lawarre  of  his  Brothers  offer  (as  he  informes)  to  make  her 
La^ :  good  and  f aithfull  Account  of  all  such  good?  as  remayne  in  his 
handC  vpon  her  La"':  direccon  to  that  effect.     [209] 


460  RECORDS   OF  TUE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

My  Lady  Lawarr  j^  ^^^  Signified  vnto  the  Coui't  that  my  Lady  Lawarr  and  her  sonne 
Carter*'^  °  ™  had  assigned  40:  shai*es  of  land  in  Virginia  vnto  m'  Carter  for  sun- 
drie  Adventuro"  of  the  Company  w""  they  desired  might  passe  the 
approbacon  of  this  Courte  w"**  being  allowed  by  the  Auditors  was 
gi-aunted.  Where,  vpon,  m'  Carters  moving  to  passe  these  shares 
followinge,  his  request  was  graunted. 

Shares  passed  by  rj.^  ^^^r  gg^ry  Rainsford 2  shares 

To  m''  Craddocke 1    share 

To  m''  Palmer 1    share 

To  m'  lohn  Harte 1    share 

Tho:  Colby  his  re-  Thomas  Colby  of  London  Silkeman  peticoning  for  the  Adventure  of 

qaes  graun    .      ^^^  Brother  Edmondy  Colby  who  paid  in  xij"  x°  1609.  as  likewise  for 

the  Adventure  of  his  said  Brothers  pson,  being  long  since  dead,  and 

he  next  heire:    The  Court  was  pleased  to  graunt  him  his  request 

recomending  the  same  to  the  Quarter  Courte  to  be  confirmed. 

m'  Peire  2  shares  The  Court  vpou  like  rcquest  passed  these  other  ||shares||  following  viz*. 
m'  Dowries    s-  2:  shares  from  m''  Lott  Peire  to  m"'  Barbo'. 
shares  to  m'  lohn  3  •  sharcs  f rom  m'  Downes  to  m''  lohn  Smith 

Smith. 

to'hfu^ liis'^sharr  ^P^^  request  of  m'  Raph  ffogge  that  he  might  have  the  shares  passed 
confirmed  vnder  vuto  him  by  assigucm' :  Confirmed  vuto  him  vudcr  the  Companies  Scale, 
y  Comp":  Seaie.  j|;  -^^s  moved  that  it  might  be  referred  to  the  Auditors  and  Comittees 
that  such  a  generall  Course  might  be  taken,  for  better  assurance  of 
shares  of  land  vnto  each  man,  that  they  might  have  it  passed  vnder 
the  Scale  of  the  Company  in  i-egaurd  that  papers  were  apt  to  be  torne 
and  lost. 

m'  Wood  all  re-  ^t  'vVoodall  is  required  at  the  next  Quarter  Court  in  Middsomer  Terme 

answere.  to  make  his  psonall  answeare  to  such  scandalous  speeches  as  he  had 

form^ly  divulged  in  disgrace  of  the  Booke  authorised  by  his  Ma": 

Counsell  for  Virginia  and  in  the  meane  time  he  standi  suspended 

from  cominge  to  Courts.     [210] 

m'  Capps  peticon  jyjr  (j^pps  having  put  a  peticon  to  the  Counsell  and  Comittees  at  their 
y  newe  Gouemo''.  ^^^t  meeting,  for  satisfaccon  of  Certains  land  w"''  he  said  was  taken 


APRIL  30,  1621  461 

from  him  by  the  Gouerno':  in  Virginia  at  the  arrivall  of  Captaine 
Newce  because  the  said  land  fell  in  that  parte  where  the  Companie 
had  appointed  &  ordered  there  land  should  be  sett  out:  The  Counsell 
and  Comittees  thought  it  not  fitt  vpon  his  report  to  make  any  such 
satisfaccon  but  to  leave  the  matter  to  be  fully  examined  by  the  Newe 
Governo':  and  therein  they  promised  Justice  and  equity. 


But  in  regard  the  said  m'  Capps  was  knowne  to  have  donn  much  serv-  ^'  Cappe  to  haue 

y'    paMag 
men  free 


ice  to  the  Company  in  the  space  of  12 :  yeares  w%  ||whilst||  he  lived  in  '    ^^^^  °'  ^• 


Virginia  and  had  not  receaved  the  Reward  of  "  2 "  Kyne  w''''  y®  Comp : 
had  three  yeares  agoe  given  him,  (as  some  of  the  Company  remem- 
ber) They  thought  it  therfore  fitt  (w'^out  preiudice  he  pretend?  in  y^ 
land)  to  bestowe  on  him  the  passage  and  transportacon  of  five  men  in 
reward  of  his  good  service:  To  w''"  the  Courte  gave  consent  and 
referred  the  Conclusion  to  this  Quarter  Courte. 

M'  Henry  Rolf?  peticon  in  the  behallfe  of  his  brother  lohn  Rolfe  in  m' Henry RoiKp*-- 
Virginia,  is  referred  to  the  Auditors  and  Comittees  to  be  examined,  *"^°°  referred, 
who  are  desired  to  make  report  what  they  shall  thinke  fitt  to  be  donn 
therein. 


M'  Thomas  Harteastles  peticon  is  referred  to  S'  ffra :  Wyate  who  at  ™'  '^^°-  Harteast- 

'—    -3ticon     re- 
to  S'   ffra: 


his  arryvall  in  Virginia  is  desired  to  make  enquiry  touching  such  good?  ferred*  '^"" 


as  the  peticoners  wyfe  Claymeth  in  the  right  of  her  former  husband  Wyate. 
Leonard  Danby  deceased  as  likewise  for  allottment  of  the  shares  of 
land  due  vnto  her  said  deceased  husband  for  his  personall  adventure 
&  of  her  two  sonns,  lohn  Whitton,  and  William  Danby,  being  both 
transported  at  their  said  fathers  charge. 

M'  Moones  peticon  touching  his  Brother  Nicholas  Moones  Adventure  m'Moones  peticon 
of  money  paid  into  the  Treasury,  is  referred  to  the  examinacon  of  the  ''^^"'^• 
Auditors.     [211] 

M'  Richard  Bulkleys  Patent  for  a  perticular  Plantation  in  Virginia  ™'  Suikiies  Pat- 

was  nowe  read  and  recomended  to  the  Confirmacon  of  the  Quarter  ^° 

Court. 


462  RECORDS  OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

S'  Rich.  Worsieia  The  Patent  to  S'  Richard  Worsly  and  the  rest  of  his  Associate  was 

Patent 

like  wise  reade  and  recomended  as  afore  said. 
Capt   Newce  his  The  Patent  of  Captaine  Newce  for  a  Plantacon  was  likewise  reade 

Patent.  ,  _        i     , 

and  recomended. 

M'  Cranmer  m'  Bland  m'  Melling,  m'  Nicho :  fferrar,  by  order  of  Court 
mett  at  m"'  Deputy  fferrars  house  the  SO**"  of  Aprill,  to  examine  the 
bookes  what  land  was  due  to  S''  George  Suiners  in  Virginia. 

The  ComitteeB  re-  gecoudly  to  See  what  proof es  m'  Mathewe  Sumers  could  make  that 
MathewTsumer?.  ^^  ^^^  ^^  George  Suiuers  heire  and  that  the  land  belonged  vnto  him. 

ffor  m""  Mathewe   Sumers   appeared  Captaine   Bayly  and  two  oth' 

gentlemen. 

Concerninge  the  first. 

The  lournall  and  lidger  being  pvsed  the  Account  was  found  to  stand 
thus  S'  George  Sumers  is  Creditor  for  sundrie  provisions  bought  by 

him  for  the  Company  fol.  280 : 0939":— 14— 9^ 

S"'  George  Somers  is  deputor  for  seuerall  Adventures  1  Q4f?o   -i  q r  . 

of  S'  Thomas  ffreake  &  others  allowed  him,  as  fol  28.  I 
So  rests  due  to  S^  George  Summers  to  be  paid  in 
shares  of  land 

Concerning  the  second  pointe. 


0475   —15—9". 


Captaine  Baylie  confessed  y*  S''  George  Sumers  had  a  brother  called 
Nicholas  Summers,  w""  Nicho:  Sumers  had  '2'  sonns:  Nicho:  Sum- 
mers the  elder,  and  Mathewe  Sumers  the  younger  to  w*  Mathew,  they 
say  S'  George  Soiners  his  intent  and  purpose  was,  that  all  his  land 
and  estate  shoiild  discend,  and  to  that  effect  they  produced  the  Copie 
of  S''  George  Sumers  his  will,  but  neith''  vnder  Scale  of  the  office  or 
any  Notaries  hand,  this  will  they  say  was  made  before  S''  Geo:  Sum- 
ers went  to  Virginia,  &  neither  of  the  brothers  Executor,  in  this  will 
they  shewed  a  clause  to  this  purpose,  y*  S'  George  Sufaers  bequeathed 
a  c'^taine  Porcon  of  land  &  100"  in  money  to  his  Nephew  Nicholas 
Sumers  vpon  Condicon  y'  y*  said  Nicho:   ||  Sumers  ||  [212]   should 


MA  Y  2,  16^1 


463 


release  vnto  his  brother  Mathewe  all  manner  of  right  and  Title  that 
the  said  Nicholas  Could  or  might  pretend  to  certain  Mano"  and  other 
landC  of  S'  George  Soniers  in  certaine  Villages  in  dorsett  shire  there 
pticul'ly  sett  downe  and  this  they  say  the  said  Nicholas  did  performe 
and  made  vnto  his  brother  Mathewe  a  release  and  assignement  of  all 
the  land^  discended  or  discendable  vnto  him  by  S'  George  Somers  by 
vertue  whereof  they  challenge  the  LandC  in  Virginia  and  say  they  can 
pduce  the  release  and  assignem' :  of  Nicholas  vnto  Mathew  drawne  by 
a  lawyer  and  engrossed  this  Nicholas  they  confesse  to  be  yet  alive.' 
[213] 


At  a  great  and  generall  Quarter  Court  held 

FOR  Virginia  on  Wenesday  the  second 

OF  May  1621 : 


Present 

the  right  Hono'"^:  Earle  of  Southampton. 
Lo:  Cauendish. 
Lo:  Padgett. 

S':  Thomas  Roe.  S':  Edwyn  Sandys.       S':  Samuell  Sandys. 

S^  Nich:  Tufton.  S':  lohn  Dauers.  S^  Walter  Earle. 

S^  Rich:  Worsely.  S"":  Henry  Rainsford.     S' ffran:  Wyate. 


m"^  Deputy  fferrar. 
m''  Toby  Palauacine. 
m'  Thomas  Gibbs. 
m''  lohn  Zouch. 
m'  lohn  Smith. 
Docto"^:  Winstone. 
Docto"^:  Anthony. 


m'  George  Sandys. 
Capt :  W"  Newce. 
Capt.  Bargraue. 
m'W™:  Oxenbridge. 
m''  Kempe. 
m"'  Henry  Rainsford. 
m'  Edw:  Gibbs. 


Captain  Tucker, 
m""  Robte  Smith, 
m'  Challon^ 
m'  Porter, 
m'  Mooue. 
m''  Jefferson, 
m'  Sheppard. 
m''  Nich :  fferrar. 


'The  rest  of  this  page  212  is,  in  the  original,  without  writing. 
16455— VOL  1—06 30 


464  EECOEDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPAXY 

m'  Peniston  m'  Cartwright  m'  Wale  m'  Scott  m'  Palmer  m'  Newland 
m'Abra:  Cliamberlen  m''  Biddolph  m'  Boothby  m'  Tomkins  m'  ladwin 
m"'  Rogers  m'  Clarke  m'  Wiseman  m'  Agres  m'  Bennett  m'  Couell  m' 
Poulson  m'  Loner  m'  Bull  m' Bland  m'Rugles  m'Gasewell  m'Berblock 
m"'  Barker  m'  Barbor  m'  Swinho,  m'  George  Smith  m'  Mellinge  m' 
Swayne  m'  Widdowes  m'  Martin  m'  Ewens  Captain  Hamer  m'  Peirce 
m'  Peake  w""  divers  others. 

My  Lo:  of  Soutii-  ]\j;'  Deputy  signified  vnto  the  Company  that  my  Lo :  of  Southampton 
ton  can  not  be        ^^  ^^^  y^^  \iQYGi  at  the  begiiiing  of  this  Court  by  reason  of  some 

pnte  at  v  beginng  o  ^  ,> 

of  >••  Court.  speciall  buissines  this  afternoone  at  Parliament.  And  therfore  desired 

that  in  the  meane  tyme  they  might  begin  to  order  something  in 
reguard  of  many  matters  they  had  to  dispatch :  where vpon  after  the 
ActC  of  the  former  Court  were  read,  he  began  to  remember  them  of 
those  pticulars  y*  had  been  ppounded  [214]  in  the  Preparatiue  Court 
and  referred  to  the  confirmacon  of  the  greater  Quarter  Courte. 

The  establishing  ^q(J  firg^  that  whcrcas  it  hath  been  taken  into  consideracon  how 
of  '?tiarsha'ii  and  neccssary  and  behoufull  it  is  to  establish  two  such  officers  in  Virginia 
Treasuror.  as  a  Treasuror  and  a  Marshall  whereby  the  one  might  be  Accountant 

to  the  Company  here  for  such  rents  and  dutyes  as  shall  yearely  accrue 
and  belong  vnto  them  (there  being  already  1000'' :  due  in  that  kind) 
and  especially  take  care,  to  cause  such  direccons  as  from  hence  ||shall|| 
proceed  touching  the  setting  forward  of  good  and  staple  Comodities 
be  duely  and  exactly  executed  from  tyme  to  tyme,  the  neglect 
whereof  hetherto  hath  been  an  infinite  preiudice  vnto  the  Plantacon : 
And  that  the  other  officer  namely  the  Marshall  might  vndertake  y^ 
Care  and  Charge  aswell  of  the  ffortificacons  as  of  the  Armes  and 
forces  of  the  Colony  and  to  settle  it  in  that  proporcon  of  strength  as 
it  may  be  able  to  defend  it  sellfe  against  all  forraigne  Enemyes. 

TheCornitteef-care  ^0  w'=''  cud  and  that  thcsc  officcrs  might  be  mayntayned,  care  had 
offices.'"*''  ^  ^'^'   been  taken  by  the  Comittees,  assisted  w""  some  of  the  Counsell  accord- 
ing to  an  order  of  Courte,  and  to  state  and  endowe  the  said  offices 
w""  a  convenient  Salary:  w"''  they  had  proporconed  in  man9  follow- 
inge. 


\i4»ri^r-  4fi»>'-  • 


/%*'  />"•• 


•i»»T<'V 


IV.  Writing  of  the  Third  Copyist  (not  identified) 

/  Being  page  214  of  Volume  I  of  the  original  MS. 


;u     ii.  wi 


IS  m' lad  win 

■a'  Couell  m' 

ra'Berblock 

Hinge  m' 

iU'  Peirce 


.^d 

i.   '    I  '    .  ' 

MJ 

Jl :   ■Jvh.i 

after  the 

1  ,       -r. 

,      .;,..„,       fyf 

nirt 

Quarter 

Courts. 

(btjiiijnabf  ion)  JeryqoO  b-^'r^^^  ''■'  ^-  - -i-r^ W^57^racon  how 

o  in  Virginia 

.cilVi  lEnigiio  ari?  lo  I  ^jmuloV  t»*iii  ssr.f,  r-noHji,  ii;iit  be  AcCOUntaut 

'^arely  accrue 

'  that  kind) 

ce  1 1  shall;' 

caple  Comodities 

the  neglect 

''' "^n: 

■  y" 

f^  Armes  and 
f  strength  as 
iiiuemyes. 

he  mayntayned,  care  had 
of  the  Counsell  accord - 

,..::    , -,,    t",       ,.^j(j    offices 

•ii^  follow 


■«■'> 


I 


;€;■■■  ■"    .. 


/       ,•■..■"■»  . 


>;i' ■ 


|!.g:,     •,.,.•  .-'--       /.-.^  ;'./?i^^»^ 


^v,  ..  .:v:^V 


MAT  ^,1621  465 

ffirst  vnto  the  place  of  Treasurer  they  had  allotted  1500 :  acres  of  land  '^^"^  Allowance. 

to  be  cultivated  and  manured  by  50 :  psonns  to  be  placed  there\'pon 

in  the  quality  of  TenntC  at  hallfC,  to  belong  to  the  said  office  for  ever: 

whereof  25  to  be  sent  this  present  ycarc  ||  voyage  ||  and  as  many  more 

the  yeare  ensuing :  w"*"  number  of  50  psons  y"  Treasurer  is  bound  to 

mayntaine  and  leave  to  his  successor.     Moreover  towards  the  Charge 

of  necessary  provisions  to  be  made  for  the  said  Treasure''  they  had 

allowed  (according  to  former  Presidents)  150" :  and  the  free  transporte 

of  his  owne  family  not  exceeding  the  number  of  20  psons.     [215] 

And  vnto  the  place  of  Marshall  in  like  manner  they  have  thought  ^'arshaiu  auow- 
fitt  to  allowe  the  like  proporcon  of  land  and  Tenants  to  be  appropri- 
ated to  the  said  office  for  ever,  And  for  asmuch  as  Captaine  William 
Newce  nowe  proposed  for  the  place  of  Marshall  vpon  speciall  recoin- 
endacon  of  his  sufficiency  to  performe  the  said  service,  hath  vnder- 
taken  to  plant  and  furnish  out  w"*  necessaries,  the  said  number  of  50 
persons  all  w^'in  one  yeare  vpon  the  said  land,  and  them  to  maintaine 
and  leave  to  his  Successor.  In  consideracon  hereof  the  said  Comit- 
tees  have  thought  fitt,  the  better  to  enhable  him  herevnto  to  allowe 
him  200":  in  hand  towards  the  Charge  of  his  present  setting  out,  and 
other  200" :  vpon  Certificate  of  his  arryvall  in  Virginia :  w"*"  severall 
allowance  this  Covirte  having  duely  considered  conceaved  to  be  very 
reasonable,  and  being  put  to  the  question  did  ratifye  and  confirme 
But  for  the  manner  of  managing  the  said  offices  it  was  thought  fitt  to 
recomend  yt  tothe  Care  and  wisedome  of  the  Counsell  to  prescribe 
the  same,  and  to  order  and  lymitt  their  proceeding^  by  instruccons. 

It  was  further  signified  that  the  said  Comittees  have  likewise  thought  <^u'"ora  Allow- 

fitt  to  allowe  the  Gouerno''  noe  lesse  then  200":  for  all  necessary 

pvisions  to  be  made  for  this  his  present  voyadge  w'"  free  transport  of 

his  owne  family  not  exceeding  twenty  persons     W"  being  now  put  to 

the  question  was  ratified  and  confirmed  by  a  generall  erreccon  of 

hands. 


466  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

S'  lohn  Dsuers  Ypon  this  and  the  like  vsuall  constitucon  of  men  and  lands  to  belonge 
"rrTenmfmi'g'ht  to  everj  Chcif  officers  place.  S'  lohn  Dauers  having  formerly  taken 
be  cast  into  y'  a  fitt  occasion  to  moue  did  now  againe  referr  the  same  to  the  consid- 
company  eracon  of  this  Court:  that  seeing  both  reason  and  some  experience 

had  taught  that  officers  did  more  regard,  and  labor  more  to  advance 
their  owne  Tenants  by  whome  they  were  mayntayned,  then  those  of 
the  Companies:  whither  it  were  not  fitting  for  prevention  thereof 
hereafter  to  reduce  and  cast  into  the  number  of  the  publique  those 
Tenants  [216]  that  belong  to  the  Gouernor,  or  any  other  officer,  and 
out  of  the  whole  proffitC  belonging  to  the  Company  to  propocon  the 
said  officers  the  same  allowance  ratably  according  to  the  number  of 
their  Tenants :  conceaving  it  to  be  very  probable  that  this  Coiirse,  if 
any  will  stirr  them  vpp  to  a  more  serious  regard  and  care  of  advanc- 
ing the  publick  seeing  their  own  private  interest  and  Comoditye  was 
therein  involued.  W*  mocon  this  Court  conceavinge  it  to  be  of  speciall 
importance  thought  fitt  to  referr  it  to  the  further  consideracon  and 
determinacon  of  the  Counsell. 


The    bargaine  The  bargaine  made  w""  m'  Ewens  m'  of  the  George,  for  carryinge  80. 

Ewena  ^'  "' persous  in  the  said  Shipp  at  vj"  a  man  and  3"  a  tunne  for  goodC, 
(after  w''*'  rate  of  6"  a  man  he  is  to  receaue  present  payment  of  the 
whole  Sum  togeather)  being  put  to  the  question  was  likewise  con- 
firmed.' 


The  Contract  w'"  The  Contract  made  w*"  the  ffrenchmen  procured  from  Languedock 
e  renc  men.  ^^^  sent  to  Virginia  for  planting  of  Vynes  and  orderinge  of  Silke- 
wormes,  the  said  Contract  being  for  payment  of  ther  wages  and  other 
allowances  (whereof  the  said  ffrenchmen  had  already  sealed  the 
Counterpte  before  their  departure  hence)  the  same  being  now  read 
and  after  put  to  the  question  was  ordered  to  be  sealed. 

■3-  Patentfi.  Three  patents  for  pticular  Plantacons  in  Virginia  one  to  S' :  Rich : 

Bulkly  the  second  to  S'  Richard  Worsley  and  his  associate  and  a  third 
to  Captain  Willm  Newce  being  all  three  formerly  read  and  approved 
of  by  the  Preparatiue  Court,  and  no  we  put  to  the  question  were  con- 
firmed and  ordered  to  be  sealed. 

'  For  contracts  with  William  Ewens,  see  List  of  Records,  Nos.  256,  257,  page  149,  anit. 


MA  Y  2,  1621  467 

The  Patent  heretofore  ordered  to  be  {jaunted  to  S'  Willm  Mounson  S'  wiiim  Moun- 
and  his  associate  being  nowe  read  and  observed  to  be  amended  accord-  8^^°»Pa^nt sealed, 
ing  to  a  former  order  of  Courte  was  likewise  put  to  y*  question  and 
ordered  to  be  sealed. 

This  Afternoone  being  nowe  farr  spent  and  much  buissines  remayn-  Court  continued, 
ing  still  to  be  despatched,  it  was  agreed  that  the  Court  should  be  con- 
tinued till  all  matters  were  ordered. 

In  regard  of  the  shortnes  of  time  it  was  moved  y*  they  might  now 
goe  in  hand  w*"  buissines  propper  to  that  day  w^"  by  his  Ma" :  tres 
Patents  was  ordeyned  Cheifly  for  eleccon  of  oflBcers.     [217] 

Wherevpon   the   names  of  the  Auditors    for   the   last    yeare  were  Auditors  Chosen, 
appointed  to  be  read :  w"""  being  donne  the  Courte  thought  fitt,  in 
respect  of  their  worth,  their  sufficiency  and  experience,  to  continue 
6.  of  them  still  for  the  yeare  ensueing  viz' 

S':  Edwyn  Sandys.  m'  lohn  Wroth. 

S''  lohn  Dauers.  m'  Keightly. 

m"'  lohn  fferrar.  m""  Craumer. 

And  in  respect  m'  Briggs  was  nowe  gon  to  Oxford  to  abyde,  there  was 
chosen  in  his  place  m'  Gibbs :  All  w'^''  being  put  to  the  question  were 
confirmed  and  tooke  the  same  Oath. 

Proceeding  to  the  eleccon  of  the  Comittees  according  to  the  standing 
orders  of  the  Company  (whereby  they  are  to  choose  anewe  a  fourth 
part  the  number  of  16 :  to  the  end  that  many  may  be  trayned  vp  in 
y*  like  buisines)  the  Court  chose  againe  twellve  of  them  of  the  last 


yeare  viz*. 


m"^  Cranmer.  m'  Caswell.  m"'  Bland. 

m'  Berblock.  m"^  Melling.  m'  Wiseman, 

m"'  Bull.  m"'  Barnard.  m"^  Daruelly. 

m''  Geo:  Smith.  m"'  Boothby.  m"'  Nich:  fferrar, 


468  RECORDS   OF  TEE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

And  having  discharged  one  ffourth  parte  viz*,  m^  lones  m'  Clarke,  m' 
Chambers  m'  Wheately,  choise  ||was||  made  of  these  fower  in  their 
places  viz'. 

ni*^  Bennett.  m'  Biddolph. 

m"^  Ayres.  m"^  Couell. 


Edward  Collingwood  Secretary 
Willm  Webbe.  Husband 
Frauncis  Carter  Beadle 


were  confirmed  in  their  former  places 
and  tooke  their  Oath. 


Capt  Xewce  chos-  Proceedinge  to  the  eleccon  of  Marshall  for  somuch  as  Captaine  Wil- 
liam Newce  was  onely  proposed  to  stand  to  the  eleccon  and  te  ||to  be|| 
put  to  the  Ballating  Box,  was  by  the  same  chosen  w"*  a  generall  con- 
sent (saue  of  three  balls  onely  found  in  the  negatiue  boxe)  to  be 
Marshall  of  Virginia : 

in'  Geo:   Sandys  M'  Gcorge  Saudys  likewise  being  nominated  for  the  place  of  Treas- 
chosenTrer.         ^^^^^^  ^^^^  accordingly  ballatcd  §was§  w**"  like  consent  (saue  of  3  balls 
onely)  chosen  and  confirmed  to  be  Treasuro':     [218] 

Marshall  &  Tfer  It  being  movcd  that  two  such  eminent  officers  as  the  Marshall  and 
.seii^hrre'&^oT"'  Treasuror  wherevnto  so  worthy  Gentlemen  are  now  elected  might 
State  in  Virginia,  be  admitted  both  of  his  Ma" :  Counsell  here  as  also  of  the  Counsell 

of  State  in  Virginia.     The  Court  conceaved  it  very  fitt  and  ordered 

vnto  them  both  accordingly. 

Ill'  Ouisworth  of  M'  Oulsworth  likewise  vpon  m''  Smyths  report  and  comendacon  of  his 
y'  Counsel  worth  &  sufficicucy  (having  been  a  Justice  of  peace  here  in  England 

for  so  many  yeares  and  of  the  quorum)  was  nowe  chosen  and  con- 
firmed to  be  of  the  Counsell  of  State  in  Virginia. 

The  Auditors  to  A  mocou  being  made  y'  the  Auditors  and  Comittees  might  have  some 

L" sharw"^  reward  j-g^^j.^^  jj^  sharcs  of  land  in  recompence  of  their  great  paines  and 

attendance  vpon   the   Companies  service.     It  was  thought  fitt  the 

Comittee  appointed  for  the  distribucon  of  shares  in  that  kind  should 

take  the  same  into  their  consideracons 


MAT  2,  1621  469 

But  in  regard  of  the  extraordinary  well  deservinge  of  S' Edwyn  Sandys  ^o-  shares  be- 
and  his  Continuall  constant  endeavo" :  both  before  and  in  the  time  of  ^*^  sandye. 
his  gouerment  and  since  to  vphold  and  advance  the  Plantacon  by  his 
industry  care  and  providence  the  Company  thought  fitt  now  in  his 
absence  especially,  to  shewe  some  testimony  of  their  loue  and  thanke- 
fuUnes  though  no  wayes  able  to  gratifie  his  paines  in  that  ample  meas- 
ure as  he  had  deserued,  by  bestowing  20:  shares  of  land  vpon  him  for 
the  present  till  better  meanes  accrue  y'  might  enhable  the  Company 
to  be  further  thankefull  vnto  him :  w"''  20 :  shares  being  put  to  the 
question  were  by  a  Generall  Consent  ratified  and  confirmed. 

ffor  somuch  as  it  hath  been  obsrved  that  the  alienating  and  selling  ^^e  alienating  4 
shares  of  land  at  an  vnder  value  as  comonly  men  do  for  40 :  or  50' :  did  ^  vndervaiue 
not  onely  defraud  the  treasury  of  much  money  that  would  come  vpon  an 
orderly  purchase  thereof  from  the  Company  but  did  also  exceedingly 
sleight  &  disesteeme  the  free  and  bono'''''  bounty  of  this  Court,  and  in 
a  manner  embace  the  Virginia  Soyle:  and  besides  not  a  little  discour- 
age such  as  had  paid  in  their  12"  10°  for  every  single  share;  ffor 
plventing  whereof  it  was  therfore  moved  that  y*  Court  would  please 
in  bestowing  shares  ||of  land  hereafter||  vpon  merrite:  to  gi-aunt  it 
w*""  [219]  such  lymitaeons,  as  no  man  may  have  liberty  to  sell,  or  shares  given  \T)on 
transfer  his  shares  to  any  other  for  any  consideracon  whatsoever  vnles  ^y^"^""'  ^  ^ 
the  Comittee  appointed  for  distribucon  of  shares  should  be  moved  •vpon 
some  speciall  reasons  to  give  way  therevnto:  wherevpon  the  Court 
ordered  that  from  this  daye  forward  all  shares  of  land  given  by  the 
Company,  shalbe  lymited  vnder  the  former  Caution,  vnles  the  said 
Coinittee  shall  thinkc  otherwise  thinke  fitt  to  allowe  thereof.     The 
names  of  the  said  Coinittee  are  these  viz'. 

S'  Edwyn  Sandys.  vnto  whome  the 

S'  lohn  Dauers.  Court  have  now  added 

m''  Deputy  fferrar.  m'  Herbert  and 

m'  lohn  Smith.  m'  lermine. 

The  five  shares  of  land  graunted  to  m'  Newland  as  a  free  guift  of  the  &■  shiires  to   m' 
Comp :  in  reward  of  his  extraordinary  paines  taken  in  their  service  in  "  '''*  "^ 


Bounall. 


470  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

taking  care  of  Shipping  their  people  in  the  Abigaile  at  the  lie  of  Wight 
being  now  put  to  y*  question  was  confirmed  vpon  condicon  that  he  seU 
them  not  awaye. 

2.  sharen  to  m'  rp^^^  shares  of  land  given  to  m''  Bonnall  in  consideracon  of  his  paines 
in  procuring  the  ffrenchmen  from  Languedock  for  the  Companies 
service  nowe  in  Virginia  being  put  to  the  question  were  confirmed  vpon 
the  same  condicon. 

m':  Deputies  re-  Coucerniug  m^  Dcputies  Account  he  shewed  that  whereas  he  had 
Acconnt'^'"'"^  '^  receaved  divers  Sufiies  of  money  of  his  Lo^  to  be  disbursed  by  him  and 
the  Comittees  in  making  provisions  of  all  sortC  for  divers  Shipps  and 
people  this  yeare  sent  to  Virginia,  he  was  not  able  at  this  Court  to 
give  vp  a  perfect  Account  of  all  y"  pticulars  to  the  finishing  of  it :  In 
reguard  that  himsellf e  and  the  Comittees  for  the  more  speedy  dispatch 
of  the  said  Shipps  and  people  formerly  sent  had  bought  divers  sortC 
of  provisions  vpon  their  CreddittC  hoping  to  have  receaved  money  ere 
this  time  from  m'  Barbor  for  clearing  those  debtC  whereby  his  Account 
might  have  been  plserved  against  this  Quarter  Court. 

But  the  soddaine  suppressing  of  Lotteries  have  caused  that  money 
[220]  came  not  in  as  they  expected:  And  for  so  much  as  the  Com- 
panies Stock  lyeth  now  altogeather  in  Plate  and  therfore  was  not  so 
presently  able  to  be  turned  into  money  w%ut  to  great  losse  but  hoped 
that  it  would  be  by  the  next  Quarter  Court  w'"'  would  be  about  five 
weekC  hence:  for  these  reasons  he  did  humbly  enti^eate  this  Court 
that  they  would  be  jjleased  to  respite  this  Account  till  the  next  moneys 
were  receaved  for  the  paying  of  such  debtC  as  were  to  be  discharged 
vpon  the  last  yeares  Account  w'^''  the  Court  thought  very  reasonable.' 

Touching  S'  Ed-  Touchiug  S' :  Edwyu  Sandys  Account  he  likewise  declared  that  in  his 

To^t.  *°  ^^     ^  absence  he  was  to  signify  vnto  them  that  whereas  S'  Edwyn  at  the 

giving  vp  of  his  place,  stood  bound  for  the  Company  for  certaine  Sumes 

of  money  w"*"  were  ordered  to  be  paid  vnto  him  for  discharge  of  the 

f raight  of  divers  shipps  and  other  thingC :  w''''  Shipps  for  somuch  as 

'  The  Order  in  Council  and  the  Proclamation  of  the  King  suspending  the  lotterieB  are  mentioned 

in  List  of  Records,  Noa.  231,  233,  page  146,  ante. 


MAT  2,  1621  All 

all  of  them  are  notyett  returned  but  daily  expected,  he  therfore  desired 
his  Ace*" :  might  likewise  be  respited  till  the  next  Quarter  Court  after 
this  by  w"*"  time  he  hopeth  the  Shipp  will  be  returned,  whereby  he 
might  discharge  her  according  to  the  Contract,  as  he  had  well  and 
carefully  donn  all  others  for  w'^''  he  stood  ingaged  w"*"  mocon  was  like- 
wise thought  very  reasonable  and  of  necessity  to  be  gi-aunted. 

The  encrease  of  the  Secretaries  Salary  from  20" :  to  40" :  p  Ann  and  secretaries  saUery 
his  reward  of  20":  for  the  time  past  is  likewise  confirmed  by  ereccou 
of  hand^. 


M'  Capps  reward  of  5.  men  passage  free  at  the  Companies  charge,  in  '"'  Cappe  to  haue 

the  passaj 
men  free. 


consideracon  of  his  many  yeares  service  for  the  Company  in  Virginia    "^  ^^^^^  ° 


w'"  hazard  of  his  life  amonge  the  Indians  is  likewise  confirmed. 

After  these  buisinesses  were  thus  ordered  and  the  day  farr  spent,  it  My  lo:  of  south- 

was  moved  that  seeing  my  Lo:  of  Southampton  was  not  yet  come,  xrealuror  "'^''° 

they  might  notw'"standing  proceed   to  the  eleccou  of    their  newe 

Treasuro''  for  the  yeare  ensueinge :  w"*"  mocon  being  agreed  vnto  and 

my  Lo:  of  Southampton  onely  proposed  for   eleccon  his  Lo^:  was 

forthw'"  ballated  according  to  order  [221]  and  thereby  chosen  with 

a  full  and  generall  consent  of  the  whole  Courte  (as  appeared  by  the 

Balls  there  being  not  one  against  yt)  to  continue  and  hold  the  said 

place  of   Treasuror  for  the  ensuing  yeare  whereof  his  Lo":  being 

advertized  at  his  Cominge,  and  of  the  humble  and  earnest  request  of 

the  whole  Court  to  that  purpose,  was  pleased  to  accept  of  their  willing 

choise  in  very  noble  maiier  excusing  his  remisse  coming  to  their  Courts 

the  yeare  past,  as  allso  the  occasion  of  his  longe  stay  this  daye  at 

Parliam*:  w""  the  Court  did  not  onely  signify  then*  readines  to  dis- 

pence  w*",  but  rendered  also  to  his  Lo":  the  greatest  thankC  that  pos- 

siblie  they  could  for  his  hono'''^:  care  aed-  paines  and  endeavo"  to 

vphold  and  advance  the  Plantacon  ever  since  his  happj'  entrance  into 

this  place  of  gouerm'. 

After  this  his  L""  according  to  the  standing  orders  of  the  Company  Abcx)keof  my  Ua: 
delinked  into  the  Court  a  booke  of  his  Accounts  for  the  yeare  past  -^^'>^''''^'- 
examined  &  approved  vnder  the  Auditors  hand<,  as  allso  the  number 


472  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

of  the  Supplies  of  people  sent  to  Virginia  the  same  yeare.  But  touch- 
ing the  present  State  of  the  Cashe  his  Lo''  said  he  could  give  them  as 
yet  no  Account:  because  the  State  was  now  already  in  Plate  w"*" 
required  some  longer  time  to  be  converted  into  money. 

m'  lo:  Berkiy  gr  j^dwyn  Sandys  signified  vnto  the  Company  that  whereas  to  their 
workes.  "^  ™°  gi'eat  care  and  Cost  of  at  least  4000":  they  had  heretofore  given  direc- 
con  for  the  setting  vp  of  certain  Iron  workC  in  Virginia  and  to  that 
end  poured  skillfull  workemen  for  making  of  Iron  they  had  receaved 
credible  informacon  that  three  of  their  m'  workemen  M^ere  dead :  In 
supply  of  whome,  because  the  hope  of  that  Comoditie  alone  is  very 
great  having  already  receaved  a  good  proof e  thereof  by  Iron  sent  from 
thence  they  have  already  sent  three  other  skillfull  workemen  to 
advance  againe  the  said  worke,  and  now  it  was  their  good  happ  to 
light  vpon  a  fourth  gent  (named  m'  lohn  Berkiy  who  in  the  iudgement 
of  those  that  knewe  him  well  was  helld  to  be  very  sufficient  that 
waye)  who  did  now  offer  himsellf  to  goe  vpon  the  said  service  and 
carry  over  w""  him  20  principall  workemen  well  experienced  in  those 
kindeof  [232]workC.  where  vpon  the  Court  thought  fitt  that  the  Com - 
ittees  hereafter  named  or  any  five  of  them  should  treate  *  *  * 
Comitteeatotreate  and  couclude  w""  the  Said  m^  Berkiy  and  likewise  w""  his  Sonne  being 
desirous  to  goe  over  w'**  his  said  father  touching  theii*  demaundC  for 
performance  of  the  said  service. 

The  Comittees  were  these, 

m'  lohn  Smith, 
m'  Wrote, 
m'  lohn  fferrar. 
m''  Nieho :  fferrar. 
Capt  W™ :  Newce.  m' Berblocke. 

m'  Norwood  Sur-  M' :  Norwood  being  recomended  by  Captain  Tucker  for  his  sufficiency 

^^^°'^"  in  surveying  of  landC  and  one  desirous  to  goe  over  to  Virginia,  vpon 

that  was  now  chosen  for  that  place  and  referred  to  the  former  Com- 

ittee  to  treate  w"'  him  concerning  some  allowances  to  be  given  vnto 

him. 


w"  m'  Berklv. 


S^ 

Nicho:  Tufton. 

S': 

lohn  Dauers. 

S^: 

Henry  Rainsford 

S^ 

ffra:  Wyate. 

MA  Y  2,  1621  473 

The  said  Comittee  are  likewise  desired  to  drawe  vp  a  Comission  for  <^aptain  Xewse his 
Captain  Wittm  Newce  for  the  office  of  Marshall  of  Virginia  to  be  ready  ,i^^!a_ 
for  the  Seale  against  the  next  Court,  vnto  w'^''  authority  is  given  by 
this  Quarter  Court  to  applie  the  Seale  vnto  the  said  Comission  being 
once  approved. 

My  Lo :  of  Southampton  signified  vnto  the  Company  that  although  the  ^'P^t  m-w  Coun- 
number  of  his  Ma" :  Counsell  for  Virginia  was  already  very  great : 
yet  in  regard  the  most  part  of  them  were  such  eminent  persons  of  State 
as  could  not  afford  their  presents  so  often  as  they  might  have  occasion ; 
he  therfore  thought  it  very  expedient  and  necessary  to  make  auoh 
||some||  addieon  of  such  as  had  not  only  approved  their  sufficiency  and 
worth  vnto  the  Company:  but  were  like  to  give  more  diligent  attend- 
ance at  their  CourtC  ||and||  in  a  manner  be  at  hand  vpon  all  occasions 
of  service  and  therew*''all  presented  the  names  of  eight  Gent :  w''*'  his 
LoP.  coinended  to  their  good  approbacon  vizt 

S'  Phil:  Carey.  m^  Edw:  Harbert. 

S"':  Edw:  Lawly.  m^  lohn  Smith. 

S^  Walter  Earle.  m'  lohn  Delbridge. 

m'Nicho:  fferrar.  m''Nicho:  Hyde. 

Who  were  all  approved  of  and  by  a  generall  ereccon  of  handC  admitted 
to  be  of  his  Ma*":  Counsell  for  Virginia.     [223] 

My  Lo :  of  Southampton  having  taken  his  Oath  desired  he  might  have  ^'>'  ^^-  ^°^^^  ^^ 
allowance  of  time  and  their  dispensacon  for  absence,  Concerning  the 
w""*  the  Court  fully  declared  that  it  was  not  their  intent  that  his  Lo^: 
should  be  further  bound  to  the  pformance  of  buissines  of  this  Com-t 
then  his  owne  more  waightier  occasions  would  pmitt. 

The  like  moeon  S' :  Edwyn  Sandys  made  for  himsellf  in  taking  his  Oath  f  ^  Edw:Sandy.to 

•'  ''  '^^  l>t'ais|>eu(."^  Willi. 

m  regard  of  his  dayhe  attendance  and  imployment  in  Parhanient 
buissines  w''''  was  also  graunted. 

My  Lord  further  signified  that  it  was  his  suite  vnto  the  Company  that  "'J,,t^7J,  ~°'*°' 
m'  lohn  fferrar  of  whose  fidelity  and  sufficiency  they  had  already  so 


474  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

good  experience  might  still  continue  his  place  of  Deputy  w"*'  with  a 
generall  consent  was  very  willingly  condiscended  vnto  and  chosen  by 
ballating  Box. 

A  Patent  to^  Capt  ]\|y  Lq  .  moved  ou  the  behallf e  of  Captain  Mathew  Soiners  that  for  so 
much  as  he  vudertakes  to  transporte  100:  psons  into  Virginia,  to  plant 
vpon  a  pticular  Plantacon  that  therefore  he  might  have  a  Patent  to 
enhable  him  there  vnto  w''"  the  Court  accordingly  graunted. 

Capt  Baylies  mo-  gy^  toncMug  Captain  Baylies  mocon  on  the  behallf  of  the  said  Captain 
conreerre  .  gomers  that  he  might  have  200":  towards  the  Charge  of  planting  the 
said  number  of  100 :  psons  in  regard  of  the  psonall  worth  and  merrite 
of  S^•  George  Soiners  deceased  whose  heire  he  pretends  himsellf  to  be, 
it  was  thought  fitt  to  ref err  him  to  the  former  Comittees  to  be  treated 
with. 

m'  Wales  petieon.  '^\j  W'ale  in  his  peticon  desiring  some  order  might  be  taken  for  pay- 
ment of  the  money  vnduelly  taken  from  him,  as  being  more  then  his 
subscription  w'^''  was  paid  into  S'  Thomas  Smith,  to  be  imployed  vpon 
an  adventure  of  a  Northerne  ff ishing :  It  was  answeared  that  for  somuch 
as  the  Adventurors  of  the  said  fishing  voyadge  were  not  all  of  them 
of  this  Company  and  besides  the  same  being  a  private  adventure  this 
Court  helld  it  not  propp  for  them  to  meddle  w'*'  it. 

m'Moone  referred  ]yj^r  ]y/[oones  pcticou  touching  his  Brother  Nicho:  Moones  adventure  of 
money  paid  into  y^  Treasury  is  referred  to  y*  Auditors  for  his  fui'ther 
satisfaecon.     [224] 

Captio:  Smith  re-  Captain  lohu  Smith  in  his  petieon  sheweth  that  for  somuch  as  he  hath 
^erre  y  .  ik  i-  ^^^  ouely  adveutured  money  for  the  good  of  the  Plantacon  and  twise 
built  lames  Towne  and  fower  other  perticuler  Plantacons  as  he 
alledgeth  but  for  that  he  discouered  the  Country  and  relieved  the 
Colony  willingly  three  yeares  with  that  w"''  he  gott  from  the  Sauages 
w"'  great  perill  and  hazard  of  his  life :  that  therfore  in  consideracon 
herof  the  Company  would  please  to  reward  him  either  out  of  the 
Treasury  here,  or  out  of  the  proffit^  of  the  geuerallity  in  Virginia: 
Touching  w"*"  request  the  Court  hath  referred  him  to  the  Comittees 
appointed  for  rewai'ding  of  men  vpon  merritC. 


MAY  12,1621 


475 


Att  an  Extraordinary  Court  held  for 
Virginia  the  12  of  May  1621 


S"':  lohn  Dauers. 
S'  Henry  Rainsford. 
m''  Deputy  fferrar. 
m'  John  Wroth, 
m"'  Wrote. 


Present 

m'  Gibbs. 
Capt  W":Newce. 
m''  George  Sandys, 
m'  lohn  Smyth. 
Capt.  Tucker. 


m'  Casewell. 
m'  Edwards. 
TcJ  Wheatly. 
m'  Melling. 
m'  Cuff, 
m'  Combe. 


Whereas  at  the  last  Quarter  Court  held  the  second  of  this  pisent  ^/f''*'"  ^■■ 
Moneth  order  was  given  to  Certain  Comittees  for  drawing  vp  of  a  gjon  to  be  sealed. 
Comission  against  the  next  Quarter  Court  for  Captain  William  Newce 
appointed  Marshall  of  Virginia  for  three  yeares  the  said  Comission 
being  now  presented  and  read  and  afterwards  put  to  the  question 
was  by  a  generall  ereccon  of  handC  confirmed  and  ordered  to  be  sealed 
(authority  being  given  by  the  last  Quarter  Court  vnto  this  present 
Court  vpon  their  approbacon  to  scale  the  same) . 

M'  Berkly  having  been  formerly  treated  w*"*  (by  the  Comittees "'  Berkiyea  offer, 
appointed  by  Order  of  the  last  Quarter  Coort)  touching  his  demaunds 
for  pformnce  of  the  service  he  vndertakes  for  advancing  the  Iron 
workC  in  Virginia :  and  having  then  desired  some  time  to  consider  of 
that  offer,  that  was  made  vnto  him,  did  now  declare  him  sellf  willing 
to  goe  vpon  the  same  condicons,  as  m'  Blewett  lately  deceased  had 
donn,  (exceptinge  some  fewe  perticulars,)  &  to  pcure  and  carry  over 
w""  him  twenty  psons  well  [225]  experienced  in  those  kinde  of  workC, 
whereof  .8.  should  be  imployed  vpon  the  ffurnace  viz'  .2.  Founders, 
2.  Keepers,  2.  ffilers,  2.  Carpenters,  and  12.  others  vpon  the  fforge 
namely,  4.  ffyners,  2.  Servants,  2.  Chaffery  men,  2  Haiher  men  and 
their  2  Servants,  bsides  his  owne  sonne  and  .3.  Servants  of  his  pri- 
vate ffamily  all  w"**  should  be  ready  at  the  He  of  Wight  to  take  ship- 
ping the  25"*  of  lune  next :  In  consideracon  whereof  it  was  thought 
||fitt||  to  allowe  m'  Berkly  20":  to  defray  the  Charge  of  procuring  and 


476  RECORDS   OF  TEE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

bringing  the  said  workemen  out  of  the  Country  to  the  lie  of  "Wight  as 
also  30":  more  towards  the  charge  of  his  owne  provisions  and  neces- 
saries for  that  voyadg. 

And  besides  to  give  him  the  free  transporte  of  his  sonne  and  his  .3. 
servants  w'"  w"''  he  was  contented,  and  w"'  much  thankfullnes 
accepted  of  the  offer. 


A  Court  held  for  Virginia  the  23":  May 
1621:  AT  M"  Ferrars  house: 

Present 

S''  Edwyn  Sandys.         m'  Gibbs.  m'  Geo:  Smith. 

S'  John  Dauers.  m''  lohn  Smith.  m'  Mellinge. 

m'  Deputy.  Captain  Tucker.  m"'  Cuffe. 

m'  Wrote.  m'  Ayres.  m"^  Combe  w**" 

divers  others. 

fnirBerki  •''  ""'  ^'  Deputy  signified  that  m^  lohn  Berkly  and  Mawrice  his  sonne  being 
formerly  treated  w""  the  5**"  of  this  present  Moneth  by  a  Comittee  and 
afterward  at  the  next  Court  held  the  12*''  of  the  same,  they  havinge 
declared  them  selves  willing  to  goe  vpon  the  same  Condicons  that  m' 
Blewett  formerly  had  donn  (except  in  some  fewe  pticulars)  and  vnder- 
tooke  to  pcure  20:  psons  well  experienced  in  making  Iron  to  be 
imployed  in  the  Comp' :  service  in  Virginia  for  seaven  yeares  togeather 
w**"  themsellves :  In  consideracon  hereof  the  said  Court  was  pleased 
to  give  him  30"  towards  the  Charge  of  furnishing  himsellf  and  his 
said  Sonne  w'*"  apparell  and  other  necessaries  w""  free  transporte  of  3. 
of  his  owne  servants.  And  20":  more  to  defray  the  Charge  of  Con- 
ducting the  said  20:  persons  to  the  [226]  He  of  Wight  by  the  first  of 
luly  next,  w'^"  said  20:  psons  and  his  said  3  servants  are  likewise  to  be 
transported  furnished  and  victualled  as  other  Tenants  for  one  whole 
yeare  at  the  Companies  charge  w''"  allowances  this  Court  thought  very 
reasonable,  and  being  nowe  put  to  the  question  did  ratifye  and  con- 

menttoteditwne'  ^^"^^  *^^  ^^"^*^-  ^'^^  f^irther  gavc  Order  to  m'  Deputy  for  the  more 
speedy  dispatch  of  the  said  m'  Berkly  and  that  he  might  haue  a  suf- 


JUNE  11,  1621 


477 


ficient  time  to  gather  his  yjeople  togeather  to  be  ready  at  the  day  pre- 
fixed, to  drawe  y®  Articles  of  agi-eement  according  herevnto  w""  such 
necessary  addicons  as  he  should  thinke  fitt  and  after  to  applie  the 
Companies  Seale  vnto  the  same. 

M"'  lohn  Smith  acquainted  the  Company  that  there  was  a  Gentlemn  m'  Smiths  mocon. 
of  good  Account  and  sufficiency  whome  he  could  name  who  would 
vndertake  to  pcure  and  transport  to  Virginia  at  an  easie  rate  (if  so  the 
Company  please)  a  good  number  of  young  men  and  maydC  able  to  do 
them  good  service  there  to  plant  and  to  be  imployed  to  y^  Companies 
behoofe  w"*"  offer  the  Court  did  very  well  approve  of  as  deserving 
thankC  but  findinge  themsellves  vnhable  in  Cash  to  goe  through  with 
so  great  a  charge,  thought  fitt  to  respite  the  same  till  they  might  have 
better  meanes  to  performe  it.     [227] 


A  Pr^paratiue  Court  held  for  Virginia  in 

THE  AfTERNOONE  THE  XJ'^''  OF  lUNE  1621. 


S'  Edwyn  Sandys. 
S"^  Roger  lames. 
S':  ffra:  Wyate. 
S^  William  Newce. 
m''  lohn  Wroth, 
m''  Gibbs. 
m'  Deputy  fferrar. 


Present. 

m''  George  Sandys. 

m'  Wrote. 

m^  Docto"'  Anthony 

m'  lohn  Smith. 

m'  Nich :  fferrar. 

m''  Rugles. 

m''  Wheately. 

m'  Widdowes. 
m'  Barbor. 
m'  Melling. 
m'  Bolton, 
m''  Steward, 
m''  Newport. 
w'^  divers  others. 


m'  Darnelly. 
m''  Caswell, 
m''  Ayres. 
m''  Swinho. 
m''  Kelly, 
m''  Moone. 
m'Mevei'ell. 


478  RECORDS   OF  TEE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

My  Lo:of  Soutri-  ^r  j]dwyn  Saiidys  signified  that  my  Lo:  of  Southampton  desired  this 
excused.'^'^    "    ^  Courte  to  excuse  him  for  his  absence  at  this  time  being  w^'held  vpon 
extraordinary  occasion :  and  though  long  absent  yet  his  Lo^ :  had  been 
exceeding  carefull  of  their  buissines:  for  no  longer  agoe  then  Sater- 
day  last  he  signified  that  some  of  the  Counsell  having  mett  at  his 
Lo^°:    howse,   had    conference    for    many   bowers    together,   about 
waightie  buissinesses  concerning  Virginia:  where  they  first  tooke 
the  establishing  of  Jj^^q  their  cousidcracon  the  establishing  of  the  Counsell  of  State  there 
fn Virginia coneid^  ^s  likewise  Concerning  the  Gouerno':  and  Secretary:  whose  Comis- 
eredof.  sions  continuing  but  for  three  yeares  in  certaine,  did  both  expire  in 

Novemb:   next.     In   supply  of  the  first  they  have  allready  made 
choyse  of  a  worthy  gentleman   to  be  their   Gouerno':    namely   S' 
S'  ffra:  wyate  ffx'auucis  Wyate  who  was  shortly  to  sett  out  to  Virginia  and  to  take 
his  place  at  the  expiracon  of  S'  Geo :  Yeardlyes  Comission  and  not 
before :  It  was  allso  well  knowne  vnto  them  the  choyse  that  had  been 
M'Geo:  Sandys  &  made  of  two  Newc  officcrs  namely  of  m"":  George  Sandys  to  be  Treas- 
s^  w»  xNewce  for  ^j^.^r  ^f  Virginia:  and  S'  William  Newce  to  be  their  Marshall.     But 
&  Marehai'i'  touchiug  the  Secretary  of  State  there  that  now  is  namely  (m'  Porey) 

M'  Porey.  it  rcmayncd  to  knowe  their  Pleasure  whither  they  would  continue 

him  still  in  his  said  office  or  make  a  Change.  Where  vpon  it  was  sig- 
nified that  for  so  much  as  m'  Porey  had  not  caried  himsellf  well  in 
the  said  place  to  the  contentm* :  of  the  Company  it  was  conceaved  to 
be  the  generall  purpose  of  the  Court  to  change  him  for  a  better  so 
neere  as  they  could  and  therefore  desired  some  other  might  be  nom- 
inated vnto  them.^     [228] 

4  named   for  y'  Whervppou  m'  Deputy  gaue  notice  of  4  worthie  gentlemen  that  had 

hiTirKiiiia"'^'^'^^  been  recommended  vnto  him  for  that  place  all  of  them  well  bred 

sufficientlie  well  quallefyed  soe  as  the  meanest  seemed  much  worthie 

of  a  better  place  not  in  respect  of  the  quallytie  thereof  but  in  respect 

of  the  entertaynement  belonginge  thervnto  so  as  itt  was  his  greife 

they  had  not  places  for  them  all  butt  must  be  enforced  to  dismisse 

three  of  them  the  names  of  the  said  gentlemen  were  these  m'  Para- 

m'  waterhouse  more,  m''  Dauisou,  m'  Smith,  and   m'  Waterhouse  who   hath   been 

fomended   by  S'  recommended  by  S"'  lohn  Dauers  for  three  things  especially  namely 

'  At  this  point  in  tlie  manuscript  the  handwriting  returns  to  that  of  Nicholas  Ferrar's  assistant, 
referred  to  on  page  270  as  Thomas  Collett.     See  Plates. 


JUNE  11,  1621  479 

his  honestie  Religion  and  suflBciencie  for  w"*"  hee  would  vndertake 
vppon  that  knowledge  hee  had  of  him  this  gentlemen  m'  Waterhouse 
should  make  good  to  their  full  sattisfaccon :  Butt  itt  was  signified 
that  they  haveinge  been  all  fower  comended  to  the  Lord  of  South- 
ampton his  Lo'':  was  so  nobly  mynded  towards  this  Company  as  to 
leave  them  to  their  free  libertie  of  choyce  of  any  of  them  by  an 
orderly  eleccon,  and  therfore  wished  they  would  in  the  meantime  make 
some  further  enquirie  of  them  against  the  next  Courte  and  then  come 
resolved,  for  w'^'*  and  many  other  noble  favo"  the  Courte  did  gener- 
ally testifie  their  much  obliged  respect  and  thankfullnes  vnto  his  Lo"* : 

S'  Edwin  Sandys  further  signified  that  itt  was  then  allso  taken  into  The  Coun«;ii   of 
their  consideracon  and  thought  fitt  that  the  Counsell  of  State  in  Vir-  ^^^  '"  ^"'^'^'■ 

•     •        1         IT  1  1       J-  i-  1     /-v  ,  n  toassemble4times 

giuia  should  assemble  tower  times  a  yeare  each  (Quarter  once  for  one  inayeare. 
wholl  weeke  together  to  advise  and  consult  vppon  matter  of  Counsell 
and  of  State  and  of  the  generall  affaires  of  the  Colony  and  as  there 
shalbe  cause  to  order  and  determine  the  greater  matters  of  contro- 
versie  growinge  and  arysinge  betweene  the  Plantations  ther  beinge 
now  added  a  good  nomber  of  new  Counsello"  to  the  former,  namely. 

m'  Thorpe.  m'  Dauid  Middleton. 

m'' Tho:  Newce.  m'' Bluett, 

m""  Pountes.  m''  Horwood. 
m"'  Tracy e. 

And  now  of  late  m'  William  Newce,  m"'  George  Sandys  and  m'  Ouls- 
worth.     [229] 

S^  Edwin  Sandys  declared  further  that  they  had  taken  into  considera- 
con matter  of  future  supporte  of  the  Plantacon  to  supplie  if  they 
could  now  other  helps  doe  faile  out  of  that  contribucon  w"''  is  jilsumed 
will  be  given  by  each  Cittie  Towne  and  Burrough  towards  the  send-  •^^i^iiit'^'ijedraw-n<. 
inge  of  their  poore  with  whome  they  are  pestred  into  Virginia,  Which  how'seforsendinit^' 
offer  beinge  made  vnto  the  lower  house  of  Parlyameut  vppon  an  occa-  >'  p*^""  «<>  ^■''"- 
sion  of  the  like  complainte  of  the  poore  w"^  are  burtheusome  to  many  '^'°"'' 
parishes  itt  was  accepted  of  that  howse  with  a  verio  great  and  gi-ate- 
full  applause;  Itt  was  therfore  thought  fitt  that  some  choyce  gentle - 

16455— VOL  1—06 31 


480  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

men  might  be  appoynted  to  drawe  a  bill  to  that  purpose  against  the 
next  Parlyament  that  the  poore  may  hereafter  be  sent  to  Virginia  att 
the  charge  of  the  parish  where  they  live  w''''  hee  wished  the  Company 
to  consider  of  against  the  next  Courte. 

in'  CiwoweiK  mo-  j^jr  Cascwell  Ukewise  moved  that  some  course  might  be  thought  on  to 
a)m''an 's'^heo'^r  L'  ^^^^'^  "^TP  ^^®  Companies  here  in  London  that  had  adventured  monny 
London.  towards  the  Plantacon  in  Virginia  to  doe  the  like  there  by  building 

of  some  Towne  as  they  had  alredie  done  in  Ireland  to  their  good 
proffitt  w"""  mocon  was  well  approved  of  and  thought  fitt  to  be  prose- 
cuted to  effect. 

S'  Edw:  Sandys  Touchingc  Tobacco  w"''  hath  been  allwaies  so  generally  affected  by 

K^n,^iL"pieI?!ire  ^^16  Planters  in  Virginia  S'  Edwin  Sandys  signifyed  how  extreamly 

in  piantinge  To-  displcasiuge  itt  was  to  the  Kinge  and  scandalous  vnto  the  Plantacon 

^^'^''-  and  vnto  the  whole  Company,  that  notwithstanding  itt  hath  been 

prosecuted  these  many  years  by  many  wise  and  worthie  psons  and 

wasted  in  that  time  a  Masse  of  monney  yett  hath  itt  not  produced  ^ 

any  other  effect,  then  that  smokie  weed  of  Tobacco,  and  therefore  the 

Counsell  as  heretofore  itt  may  appeare  by  all  their  former  instruccons 

and  letters,  so  now  againe  had  taken  itt  into  their  consideracon  how 

they  might  restraine  the  generall  piantinge  theirof  or  at  leaste  bringe 

itt  downe  to  a  farr  lesse  proporcon  and  quantitie  then  now  is  made.' 

the   long  mayn-  Hec  further  declared  that  the  cheifest  cause  that  all  other  Comodities 

'ri('c"of 'xobacxo  '^^re  neglected  was  found  to  be  the  long  maynteyninge  of  the  high 

to  be  y  cheifest  pricc  of  Tobacco  att  3"  the  pound,  w'^''  had  alredy  destroyed  a  Maga- 

rauBe  >••  all  other  ^ine  of  att  Icastc  1000"  charge  vnto  certaine  Adventurers  for  Appar- 

negiected.  ^ell  and  other  necessarie  provisions  wherof  the  Collony  stood  in  need ; 

w""  they  repayd  againe  [230]  in  nothinge  butt  Tobacco  forceinge  itt 

at  that  price  vppon  the  Cape  Marchant  wherof  a  good  pt  of  itt  was 

scarse  sould  [^h*  *''  p  pound]  and  now  againe  they  have  repayd  the 

whoU  Company  in  the  like  manner  att  the  same  price  for  all  the 

charge  they  have  been  att  for  sendinge  them  Apprentizes  Servants 

and  wives  w""  cost  the  Company  heere  neer  2000". 

'  The  action  of  the  Privy  Coun<-il  for  Buppressing  the  importation  of  tobacco  is  cited  in  List  of 
Records,  No.  263,  page  149,  ante. 


JUNE  11,  1621  481 

A  Second  thinge  taken  into  consideracon  by  the  Couusell,  was  what  «i'at  proporcon  of 
proporcon  hereafter  should  in  all  be  allowed  to  be  made,  and  how  the  made  and  how  the 
same  might  be  rated  by  the  pole  amongst  y"  Planters  to  each  f  amylie  same  may  be  rated 
his  pt  and  proporcon  towards  the  makinge  vpp  of  the  generall  lumpe  ^^'  '^^  ''°''^" 
that  shalbe  hither  brought;   Touehinge  this  poynt  itt  was  conceived 
no  true  estimate  could  be  made  till  the  t«i  number  of  the  f  amylies  were 
knowne  and  rectifyed ;  Butt  for  the  price  of  Tobacco  att  3'  p  pound 
itt  was  thought  fitt  to  be  valued  accordinge  to  the  goodnes  thereof  and 
att  no  certaine  price. 

Itt  was  further  signified  that  as  itt  hath  been  the  vse  and  practise  of 
forraigne  kings  and  Monarchs  (to  their  great  glory  and  renowne)  att 
certaine  times  to  send  some  speciall  worthy  psons  whom  they  call 
their  Sendicks  to  visite  all  their  Dominions  and  remoter  Countries,  Sendikes. 
and  by  vertue  of  their  prerogative  and  power  to  examyne  w"*  a  curious 
eye  the  actions  and  carryage  of  all  the  principall  Officers  and  Gouer- 
norsftedto  thend  that  those  that  had  deserved  well  might  be  rewarded 
with  bono'',  and  others  punished  accordinge  to  their  Demerites ;  The 
like  course  have  beene  thought  fitt  by  the  Counsell  here  to  be  taken 
with  the  Officers  in  Virginia,  and  that  a  choyse  Comittee  of  men  of 
worth  and  integritie  might  be  authorised  to  examine  and  enquire  into 
the  Accons  and  doings  of  former  Office"  &  therof  to  returne  a  good 
Accompt  vnto  the  Company  here  that  they  may  proceed  further  therin 
accordinge  to  the  rules  of  lustice  and  equytie. 

S'  Edwin  Sandys  acquainted  the  Company  w""  an  exquisite  discourse  ^'  ^^"^'^  ^an*iys 
that  a  gentleman  had  made  (though  not  perfected)  for  the  advance-  qui^lte  dil-orrsra 
ment  of  the  Plantacon  who  desyred  his  name  might  not  be  made  gent:  had  made 
knowne  which  discourse  hee  had  devided  into  those  five  head<.     [231 1  ^vhich wa.«deuided 

into  5  heads. 

The  first  w'^''  was  most  necessarie  was  matter  of  ffood  and  Sustenance  *  Foode  &  Suste- 
for  the  Colony  wherof  hee  had  discouered  the  defects  and  proposed  °'^'"® 
the  way  how  itt  might  be  supply ed. 

The  Second  was  matte''  of  health  for  plservinge  of  w'"''  hee  had  given  -  ^i  » 1 1  e r     of 
excellent  direccons  observinge  the  want  herof  not  to  be  through  the 
ill  condicon  of  the  Clymate  soe  much  as  through  the  disordered  doings 
of  the  people  and  their  misgouerment. 


Health. 


482  RECORDS   OF  TEE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

3  ffortificacon.       'pj^e  Third  WES  Forteficacon  a  matter  of  as  great  consequence  as  any 

of  the  rest  wherin  hee  hath  shewed  all  ways  and  means  how  to  f ortefy 
with  least  charge  and  least  expence  of  time. 

4  Wealth.  The  ffowrth  was  that  wheron  all  mens  eys  were  fixed  namely  Wealth 

shewiuge  how  the  Planter  may  w""  hono''  and  much  gaine  to  himselfe 
sett  vpp  a  boundance  of  good  and  Staple  Comodities  wherof  y*  Clymate 
is  knowne  as  capable  as  any  in  the  world. 

5  Religion,   c.     The  ffifte  and  last  head  treated  of  Religion  civilitie  of  life  and  how  to 

keepe  the  people  in  amytie  and  good  agreemente  amongst  themselvs. 

The  gent  to  pro-  fpj^g  Courte  hcrevppon  made  a  generall  request  that  y"  gentleman 
i^^ge  of  itt.  might  please  to  pceed  to  the  pfectinge  of  the  saide  worthie  woi-ke  and 

that  a  Comittee  might  be  appoynted  att  the  next  Courte  to  pvse  itt 
and  soe  recomend  itt  to  the  care  of  the  Gouernor  to  make  a  begininge 
in  that  course  that  is  like  to  conduce  soe  maynely  to  the  advancem' 
of  the  Plantacon. 

r  Duty  returned  ;^j;r  Deputy  signified  that  wheras  the  Duty  was  now  returned  from 

Downes.  Virginia  and  attended  in  the  Downes  for  her  direccon  whether  to  goe, 

orderpiiientosend  the  Couusell  and  Comittees  haveinge  mett  aboute  itt  have  given  order 

her  to  Fhishinge.   ^^  Damirou  m'  of  the  Ship  to  send  her  to  Flushinge  and  had  allso 

m'  Arthur  8waine  agreed  w**"  m'  Arthur  Swayne  a  Marchaunt  of  London  comended  for 

to  be  their  ffaotor.  ^-^  fidglitie  &  sufficyeucy  to  be  their  ffacto^  there  for  puttinge  off  their 

Tobacco  to  their  most  proffitt  allowinge  him  2  in  the  C  for  his  paynes 

w""  w"^*"  hee  was  contented,  and  to  this  end  gave  him  a  Comission 

vnder  the  Companies  Scale  &  certaine  Instruecons  w''*'  the  Counsell 

thought  necessary  for  his  direccon  in  y'  buisines  wherof  hee  doubted 

not  butt  that  they  should  have  a  good  Accompt  of  his  doings.     [232] 

a  Ship  aryved  in  jjgg  likewisc  signified  that  hee  had  received  intelligence  of  a  Ship 
lately  aryved  in  Ireland  that  came  from  Virginia  butt  what  Ship  itt 
should  be  hee  knew  not  but  hoped  itt  was  the  Tryall  which  was  yett 
behinde. 

"^  s*'\v*  ^\""*^'^  ^^*  ^^^  moved  y'  for  soe  much  as  his  Ma*'' :  had  bestowed  the  honour  of 

"  ■  Knighthood  vppon  S'  William  Nuce  whome  his  Ma'''  was  pleased  to 

call  his  Knight  Marshall  of  Virginia  and  hopeth  to  have  a  better 


JVNE  11,  1621  483 

Accompt  of  his  doings  then  he  hath  had  of  others  hetherto  that  hee 
might  have  a  new  Patent  w'"  that  addicon  of  hono'  w'^''  his  Ma'^ :  had 
given  him  w''''  was  graunted. 

M'  Deputy  signified  that  itt  was  thought  fitt  a  Pinace  should  be  pro-  a Pinac^ forcarry- 
vided  to  be  redy  against  September  next  for  earryinge  the  bilkworme  geed. 
seed  for  w""  my  Lord  had  write  into  Italy,  Fraunce,  and  Spayne,  w"" 
is  pmised  to  be  here  by  that  time. 

Hee  further  signified  y'  my  Ladie  Dale  late  the  wife  of  S'  Thomas  ^J^ale'"  ™' 
Dale  deceased  y'  worthy  Knight  and  greate  advancer  of  y*  Virginia 
Action  desyred  a  Patent  for  a  pticularr  Plantacon  w""  was  gi-aunted 
and  that  direccon  should  be  given  to  ye  Gou^nor  to  allott  the  place 
accordinge  to  her  La"":  request  if  itt  be  not  allredy  planted. 

The  like  Patent  w*"  like  direccon  to  the  Gou^no'  was  ordered  to  be  -^  p^*«"'  ^°'"  ^' 
made  redy  for  S'  Dudley  Diggs  and  his  Associates.  "  ""'    '^^' 

The  like  Patent  vppon  request  was  graunted  to  S'lohn  Bourcherand  APatenttoS'iohn 
his  Associates. 

M'  Smith  acquainted  the  Courte  that  ther  was  one  exceeding  skillfull  "^^  Smith?  mocon 
in  makinge  of  Salte  that  accompanies  m''  Berklej^  in  his  Voyadge  to  ^^ty 
Virginia  att  his  owne  charge  as  yett  of  purpose  to  try  whether  itt  may 
be  there  effected  or  noe ;  And  of  one  other  allso  who  was  not  ouely  a 
founder  of  Iron  butt  expert  in  makinge  all  manner  of  PottC  brewinge 
vessells  of  Iron  who  offered  his  best  service  if  the  Company  soe  please 
and  that  for  some  small  consideracon  from  them  towards  the  keepinge 
of  his  wife  in  his  absence  desyringe  butt  20  Nobles  att  his  now  goinge 
and  so  much  more  att  the  years  end  if  hee  can  effect  any  good  for  the 
Comp":  otherwise  hee  will  returue  againe  att  his  owne  charge  touch- 
ing w""  mocon  the  Court  hath  referred  him  to  m'  Deputy  to  treate 
with  him  and  conclude  if  hee  cann.     [233] 


Wheras  m'  Cleyborne  was  appoynted  to  have  his  dyett  w'"  the  Gou-  '"'  cieybome  to 
ernor  the  Courte  held  itt  vnfitt  to  the  the  \_sie]  Goueruor  to  such  an  ^1  b" yfl^'^^tteo 
inconvenyenc  And  therfore  have  referred  him  to  be  further  treated 


484 


RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA   COMPANY 


with  bj'  y"  Comittee  herevnder  named  for  encreasinge  his  Salary  to 
such  a  proportion  as  may  enable  him  to  live  vppon  his  owue  allow- 
ance :  The  names  of  the  Comittees  are  these — 


m'^  Gibbes. 
m'  Berblock. 
m''  Casewell. 
m''Nicho:  Ferrar. 


m^  Wroth, 
m'  Smith. 
m'  Mellinge. 


or  any  five  of  them  who  are  desyred  to  meet  to  morrow  att  2  a  clock 
in  the  afternoone  att  m'  fferrars  house. 

sol  xited  "^^ '"  ^  Wheras  itt  did  appear  that  ther  was  a  remayne  of  monneys  due  §by §  the 
Collecconsinthe  hands  of  divers  Bishops  itt  was  moved  y*  some  course 
might  be  thought  on  for  solicitinge  their  Lordships  whervppon  m"' 
Wrote  signify ed  y'  to  his  knowledge  Do':  leggon  then  Bishop  of  Nor- 
wich had  received  a  very  great  Colleccon  out  of  his  Lo''^ :  Diocesses 
butt  made  no  returne  therof  vnto  y®  Comp" :  and  therf ore  desyred  a 
Coppie  of  the  breif e  w"*"  would  shew  howe  the  Colleccons  were  passed 
from  hand  to  hand. 

.  y  .  o  an  er.  rpj^g  Courtc  thought  fitt  that  my  Lord  of  Canterbury  be  moved  to 
solicite  these  Bishops  that  are  in  arrear  vppon  Accompt  by  his  graces 
Li*e  for  payinge  in  their  Colleccons. 

men  c°to  be^caiied  ""^^^  ^^^  likewise  moved  that  the  knights  and  gentlemen  as  also  the 
vppon  for  their  Merchants  and  Cittizens  might  be  called  vppon  for  payment  of  their 
subscnpcons         monneys  due  by  subscripeons  w"''  was  referred  to  this  next  Quarter 
Courte  to  be  considered  of. 


Cap'  Norton. 


Intelligence  was  given  y*  one  Cap* :  Norton  made  an  offer  &  would 
vndertake  topcure  6  straungers  skillfull  in  makinge  of  Glasse  and  Beads 
to  goeouer  to  Virginia  to  be  imployed  in  the  saideworkC  for  the  Com- 
pany for  no  other  consideracon  then  onely  the  halfe  profitts  of  their 
labo",  and  the  said  Norton  would  likewise  goe  att  his  owne  charge 
and  carry  w"'  him  some  servants  and  is  contented  to  putt  himselfe 
vppon  the  consideracon  of  y"  Company  for  what  hee  shall  have  to  dyrect 


JUNE  11,  1621  485 

and  ouersee  the  said  psons  iu  their  saide  workC,  concerninge  w"''  the 
Court  hath  referred  him  to  the  former  Comittee  to  be  treated  and 
concluded  with.     [234] 

Intelligence  beinge  given  likewise  of  one  vndertakinge  to  plante  Lyq-  tJne  Undertakinge 
uorish  if  hee  might  have  consideracon  according  to  his  proposicons  rish'' ^"^  '^*'°*^ 
was  referred  to  the  said  Comittees. 

A  Roll  for  Adventurers  to  vnderwrite  for  a  loynte  Stocke  wee  ||for||  a  Roll  for  Aduen- 


turers. 


pvidinge  of  Apparrell  and  other  necessaries  w""  S'  George  Yeardley  had 
signified  the  Colony  had  great  need  of,  and  would  be  profitable  to  the 
Adventurors  All  the  remayne  of  this  former  Magazine  beinge  sould 
was  now  offered  to  such  as  would  please  to  subscribe  what  some  they 
would  willinglie  adventui'e  wherof  they  were  desyred  to  consyder 
against  the  next  Courte. 

S'  Edwin  Sandys  signified  that  S'  Richard  Bulkley  haveinge  purchased  ^'  i^'chard  Bulk- 
two  shares  of  Land  of  the  Comp":  and  vndertaken  to  plant  100  Per-  Lande  aiio"t«i  an 
sonns  in  Virginia  for  w""  they  had  graunted  him  a  Pattent  vnder  Seale  euz:  Cittie 
desyred  the  Company  would  please  to  allott  him  Elizab :  Hand  neere 
Cape  Codd  to  plant  vppon     The  Court  agreed  y'  direccou  should  be 
given  to  the  Gouernor  to  that  effect. 

W  Webb  moved  y*  some  course  might  be  taken  that  the  two  Indian  ™'  ^^^^  mocon 

Maydes  might  be  disposed  of  to  free  the  Company  of  the  weeklie  jilyjea' 

charge  that  now  they  are  at  for  the  keeping  of  them. 

Whervppon  some  havinge  moved  y'  they  might  be  sent  to  y^  Somer 

IlandC  att  the  charge  of  this  Company  itt  was  thought  fitt  rather  to 

referr  itt  to  the  next  Court  to  determyne  therof . 

Touchinge   m'   Francks    request  y'   Lieuetenant    Pearce    might   be  ™'  Francks  re- 

requyred  to  give  sattisfaccon  vnto  m'  Franck  for  y^  charge  of  4  men  '^"^^' 

and  the  goods  sent  vnto  his  sonns  vppon  the  last  supply  w"''  m'  Rolfe 

tooke  into  his  possession  to  ni'  Peirces  vse,  The  Courte  ordered  that 

for  so  much  as  itt  appeared  ther  was  some  reckoninge  betweene  m*^ 

Franck  and  m'  Peirce  nott  yett  reconcyled  nor  brought  to  a  head  that 

direccons  should  be  given  to  the  Gouernor  to  examyne  the  matter  of 


486  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

Aecompt  between  them  and  drive  itt  to  some  certaine  poynte  and  for 
the  doubto  ||debt||  appearinge  to  be  due  to  m''  Franck,  m""  Rolfe,  and 
m''  Peirce  should  give  good  securitie  for  jDayment  therof  to  m'  Franck 
in  mouny  here  in  England  between  this  and  our  Lady  day  next.  And 
that  the  Gou^nor  shalbe  entreated  further  to  take  some  paynes  to 
enquire  out  and  recouer  such  Debt?  as  shalbe  found  due  to  m"^  Francks 
Sonne.     [235] 


Att  a  great  and  generall  Quarter  Courte  helde 
FOR  Virginia  the  13^"  of  Iune  1621 


Present 

Ea:  Nottingham  || Huntington ||. 

Ea:  Southampton.  Lo:  Cauendish. 

Ea:  Warwicke.  Lo:  Pagett.  '' 

S^  Nicholas  Tufton.  S'  Nathaniell  Rich.  | 

S'  Dudley  Diggs.  S^  Frauncis  Wyatt.  f 

S^  Edw :  Sandys.  S'  Wm  Newee. 

S^  Phi :  Gary.  S'  Edw :  Lawley. 

m'  Hide,  m'  Robert  Smith,  m'  Wroth,  m'  Gibbs,  m""  Earle,  D':  Gul- 
ston,  m"'  Wrote,  m''  Sandys,  m''  Franck,  m''  Oxenbridge,  m''  Deputy,  m' 
lohn  Smith,  m'  Nicho:  Ferrar,  m'  Foxten,  m"'  Scott,  m'  Blande,  m' 
Biddolph,  m'  Swinhow,  m'  Casewell,  m'  Neuell,  m''  Langton,  m''  George 
Smith,  m'  Roberta,  m'  Martin,  m'  Cole,  m'  Kinstone,  m'  Widdowes, 
m"'  Combes,  m''  Morewood,  m''  Barron,  m''  Dawes,  m''  Pennistone,  m' 
Bynge  m'  Berblock  m'  Wiffe,  m'Mellinge,m'  More,  m'  Harte,  m""  Tay- 
lo",  m'  Symond,  m'  Woodall,  m'  Ay  res,  m''  Bagwell,  m''  Keightley, 
m'  Swaine,  m''  Askur,  m'  Barbor,  m"'  Dowe,  m'  Riseley,  m'  Wale,  m' 
Edwards,  m''  Alleynes,  m'  Somers,  m'  Lawne,  m'  Challoner,  Captaine 
Hamor,  m'  EwinC,  Cap*  Maddyson,  m'  TomlynC,  m'  Lawne,  m'  lad- 


X 


JUNE  IS,  16M  487 

win,  m'  Darnelly,  Cap*  Bargraue,  m'  Lewis,  Captaine  Goldingham, 
m'  Newporte,  m'  Thomas  Gibbs,  m"'  Kelley,  m'  Russell,  m'  Brome- 
feilde,  m''  Porter,  Captaine  Tucker. 

Vppon  readinge  of  the  Actes  of  the  former  Quarter  Courte  held  the  S'  Edwin  Sandy? 
second  of  May  last  S'  Edwin  Sandys  takinge  knowledge  of  20  Shares  ^^''^  "J  ^  ^'^'^^■ 
of  Land  bestowed  vppon  him  by  the  Company  did  now  declare  his  shares    ijestowed 
thankfull  acceptacon  of  the  same  pfessinge  that  although  hee  had  ^pp°°  '""^ 
allredy   land  in   Virginia  by  adventures   of  monny   paid   into   the 
Treasurie  more  then  hee  could  as  yett  well  plant  yett  did  hee  with  a 
gratefull  acknowledgm*  of  their  bounty  accept  this  testimony  of  their 
love  and  favour  towards  him.     [236] 

M'  Deputy  signified  the  reasons  why  hee  presented  not  y*  Accompt  m'  Deputies  rea- 
of  the  last  years  DisbursmeutC  vnto  this  Courte,  was  in  regarde  ther  ^"^  ^^^^  In^\^ 
was  not  yett  monneys  sufficient  com  in  to  discharge  all  the  DebtC  comp'  of  >'  laste 
for  goods  bought  by  him  and  the  Comittee  for  such  provisions  as  y*"^"^    Disburs- 
were  sent  with  the  people  then  shipped  for  w"''  hee  and  the  Comittee 
stands  yett  indebted  to  dive"  men  and  the  Lottary  beinge  dissolved 
and  the  Companies   Stock  lyinge  in  Plate  could  not  be  suddenly 
turned  into  monney  but  to  very  great  losse ;  The  Courte  thought  itt 
verie  fittinge  to  respite  the  same  Accompt  vntill  monny  did  com  in 
fully  to  pay  all  those  debts  m'  Deputy  hopinge  monny  would  be  got- 
ten by  the  next  Quarter  Courte  to  discharge  all  the  said  DebtC  w'^ 
being  done  hee  pmised  to  pisent  the  Accompt  vnto  the  Courte. 

S'  Edwin  Sandys  likewise  moved  touchinge  his  Accompt  that  wheras  ^'  Edwin  Sandyg 
att  the  giveinge  vpp  of  his  place  hee  stood  bound  for  the  Company  for  ^^^^  "^^^^ 
certaine  somes  of  monny  w"*"  were  ordered  to  be  payd  vnto  him  for 
discharge  of  the  fraught  of  divers  Ships  and  other  things ;  that  for  so 
much  as  the  Ships  were  not  all  of  them  returned  biitt  daylie  expected 
hee  therfore  desyred  his  AccomptC  might  likewise  be  respited  till  the 
next  Quarter  Courte  against  w""  time  hee  would  be  redie  with  his  said 
AccomptC  w'^''  favour  (vppon  soe  iust  a  reason)  the  Courte  did  willing - 
lie  assent  vnto. 


488  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

The  Counsel!  of  j^t  was  informed  that  for  asmuch  as  S'  George  Yeardley  complayned 
to*meeT4'time8'a  of  the  Small  number  of  the  Counsell  of  State  in  Vii-ginia  remayning 
yeare  &  to  lu.uie  alive  and  of  their  seldome  meetinge  by  reason  they  dwell  so  dis- 
quarteriy  Session  pgj.gg^jy  asundcr  aud  had  no  manner  of  allowance  for  attendance  in 

for  one   whole     ,,.,.,  ,,  ,  ^     i  i 

yeafe  week  to-  that  kind  itt  was  the  cause  hee  wanted  such  necessary  assistance  as 
gether.  was  fitt  and  requisite :  Itt  was  therfore  taken  into  consideracon  how 

this  defect  of  Councello"  might  be  supply ed  and  their  meetings  hear- 
after  made  more  frequent,  and  itt  was  offered  to  the  iudgment  of  this 
Courte  wheither  itt  be  not  expedient  that  the  said  Counsell  should  be 
appoynted  to  assemble  fower  times  a  yeare  and  to  hold  quarterlie 
Sessions  for  one  whoU  weeke  together  to  assist  the  Gouerno'  from 
time  to  time  ||as  well||  in  matter  of  Counsell  and  of  State  and  in  all 
causes  of  importance  as  allsoe  for  redresse  of  generall  and  as  well 
pticularr  greivances  The  Courte  conceavinge  this  to  tend  much  to  the 
advancement  of  iustice  in  generall  did  therfore  order  that  the  said 
Sessions  should  hearafter  be  duely  observed  and  kept :  and  that  direc- 
con  should  be  given  in  the  GouernorC  Instruccons  for  establishinge 
of  the  same.     [237] 

An  Addicon  to  y'  j^^  ^^^  likewisc  signified  that  care  had  been  taken  to  make  some 
ginia  addicon  vnto  the  Counsell  of  State  in  Virginia  of  men  of  worth  and 

quallytie  namely  S''  William  Newce  knight  Marshall  of  Virginia  and 
m""  George  Sandys  Treasuror  of  the  same,  And  haveinge  allsoe  for- 
merly chosen  S'  Frauncis  Wyatt  to  be  the  successive  Gouerno""  imeadi- 
S'  Frauncis  Wyatt  j^^jy  yppon  thexpiracoii  ^  of  S'  Georg  Yeardleys  Comission  ther 
remayned  now  butt  one  Officer  more  of  the  Counsell  to  be  continued 
or  chaunged  namely  m'  Secretary  Porey  whose  Comission  beinge  butt 
for  three  years  ended  in  Nouember  next. 

Next'  m'  Deputy  therfore  moved  to  kuowe  their  pleasure  wheither  they 
would  have  m""  Poreys  Comission  renued  or  the  place  to  be  supplyed 
by  another  whervppon  the  Company  declaringe  their  desire  to  make 
a  change ;  there  were  fower  gentlemen  proposed  for  the  said  place 
namely  m''  Smith  m'  Paramore,  m'' Dauison  and  m'' Waterhowse  beinge 
all  of  them  recommended  by  worthy  psonns  for  their  honestie  suf&- 

' Contraction  for  "the  expiracon." 


JUNE  13,  1621  489 

ciencie  and  experience  in  Secretary  affaires,  butt  because  no  more  butt 

three  could  stand  for  the  eleccon  itt  was  putt  to  the  question  w"''  three 

they  would  have  noiated  for  that  purpose,  whervppon  m''  Smith  was 

dismissed  and  the  other  three  appoynted  to  stand  for  the  eleccon  who 

bein^e  all  three  putt  to  the  Ballatinge  Box  ehoise  was  made  of  m'  m'DauiBonchoeen 

Dauison  by  haveinge  the  maior  pt  of  Balls  whoe  beinge  called  in  to 

take  notice  that  the  Secretaries  place  was  fallen  vppon  him  did  declare 

his  thankfull  acknowledgm'  vnto  the  Company  of  their  favour  towards 

him  promisinge  to  pforme  his  best  to  answer  their  expectacon  of  him. 

Itt  was  allso  agreed  vppon  request  made  that  hee  should  be  admitted  ^  Damson  made 
a  free  Brother  of  this  Company  and  be  of  the  Counsell  of  State  in  geii  in  Virginia 
Virginia. 

Itt  was  further  signifyed  that  the  Counsell  had  taken  into  their  Con-  Poore  people  to  be 

sideracon  matter  of  future  supporte  of  the  Plantacou  to  supply  y*  ^*^"'  ^    u-gmia. 

Defects  of  the  Companies  Stocke  if  they  could  by  procui-inge  poor 

people  to  be  sent  hearafter  to  Virginia  att  the  Common  charge  of  the 

parishes  where  they  live  w""  offer  beinge  made  to  the  lower  house  of 

Parlyament  att  the  last  Session  vppon  occasion  of  gi-eat  complaynte 

of  the  multitude  of  poore  people  swarminge  in  everie  Cittie,  Towne 

and  parish  itt  was  accepted  of  that  house  with  a  verie  great  and  grate  - 

full  applause  whervppon  the  Courte  agreed  a  bill  should  be  drawue  to  aBiiitobedrawne 

1  ri  •  oi         •  T-.      1  &  to  be  exhibited 

that  effect  against  the  next  Session  of  Parlyament  and  entreated  S'  to  y'  Pariiam- 
Dudley  Diggs,  S'  Edwin  Sandys  and  S'  lohn  Dauers  to  take  some  bowse. 
paines  in  the  drawinge  of  the  saide  Bill.     [238] 

A  mocon  was  made  that  for  soe  much  as  the  Companies  of  London 

and  other  Citties  and  Townes  of  this  Kingdome  had  Adventured  good 

Sums  of  monny  towards  the  Plantacon  in  Virginia  some  course  might 

be  thought  vppon  to  excite  them  to  make  some  proffite  of  the  Lands 

due  vnto  them  they  haveinge  allredie  done  the  like  in  Ireland  with 

verie  good  Successe,  This  mocon  was  well  approved  and  the  Courte  ADeciaracontobe 

entreated  the  Comittee  hearafter  named  to  make  some  Declaracon  to  ^j"  comp*-  at°i« 

the  seuerall  Companies  Citties  and  Townes  what  porcou  of  Land  and  Townes  c. 

belongs  vnto  them  in  respect  of  their  monneys  adventured  as  allso 

what  the  charge  wilbe  to  plant  the  same  with  people,  and  lastly  what 


490 


RECORDS  OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 


returnes  of  good  Comodities  they  may  make  in  a  short  time  beinge 
duely  prosecuted ;  The  names  of  the  said  Comittees  are  these 


S'  Edwin  Sandys. 
S'  lohn  Dauers. 
m'  Deputie. 
m'  lohn  Smith. 


m-  Cranmor. 
m""  Berblock. 
m'  Bernard, 
m'  Casewell, 


or  any  fower  of  them  are  desyred  to  meet  vppon  the  next  ffryday 
followinge  to  advise  aboute  the  same. 

Intelligence  beinge  given  that  a  gentleman  refusinge  to  be  named  hadd 
written  a  Treatice  for  the  good  of  the  Plantacon  which  consisted  of 
those  five  generall  heads  namely  Sustenance,  Health,  Defence,  Comerce, 
and  Censure,  in  handlinge  of  which  hee  had  with  great  iudgment 
observed  the  causes  of  y^  Defects  of  everie  of  them  in  the  Colony  and 
proposed  seuerall  wayes  how  to  remedie  the  same ;  The  Court  gave 
The  Companies  Order  that  y"  Companies  thanks  should  be  given  vnto  the  said  gentle - 
thanks  to  be  giuen  .^^lVl  w""  emest  rcQuest  that  hee  would  pceed  to  the  finishinge  therof 

to  V'  gent  V  makes  .  iii  r^  •  -iiti 

}■'  'treatie'  of  Sus-  and  that  after  itt  had  been  pvsed  by  a  select  Comittee  itt  should  be 
tenanceC.  putt  in  priute  to  pvse  w'^''  booke  the  Courte  entreated  these  vizd. 


S^  Dudley  Diggs. 
S''  Edwin  Sandys. 
S''  lohn  Dauers. 
m'  lohn  Smith. 

or  any  fower  of  them.     [239] 


S 


m 


Frauncis  Wyatt. 

George  Sandys, 
m'  Secretary  Dauison. 
m'  Gibbs,  m'  Wrote. 


A  Pinnace  to  be  m"'  Deputy  moued  y'  in  respect  some  doubt  was  made  that  the  Seed 
prouided  f'J^car-  migcarryed  w"*"  was  sent  in  Doctor  BohunC  Shipp  a  Pinnace  might  be 
wormeseedc.  provided  against  September  next  to  carry  some  more  Seed,  w""  Seed 
was  allredie  spoken  for,  and  promised  to  be  here  against  that  time, 
^ch  pijinace  should  allso  carry  in  her  some  Barly  and  Garden  Seeds 
and  some  fi^ruite  Trees  of  two  years  graf tinge ;  The  Courte  agreed  y' 
a  Pinnace  should  be  hyred  and  referred  the  bargaine  to  be  made  for 


JUNE  13,  1621  491 

the  saide  Ship  and  all  other  things  therevnto  appteyninge  vuto  the 
gen^all  Comittees. 

M"  Katherine  Binion  shewed  in  her  peticon  that  wheras  one  lohn  °'"  ^'!i^™  ^'°' 
Martin  late  of  London  esqre  was  bound  to  the  Peticoue"  ffather  m'' 
Thomas  Binion  lately  deceased  for  payment  of  205"  att  certaine  dales, 
shee  therfore  moved  that  §in  respect§  the  said  Cap' :  Martin  had  paide 
no  pt  of  the  said  Debt  and  by  reason  of  his  resydinge  in  Virginia,  shee 
knew  not  how  to  come  by  the  same,  that  the  Company  would  yjlease 
to  take  some  course  to  cause  him  to  give  her  sattisfaccon  w^*"  request 
being  taken  into  consideracon  itt  was  conceaved  the  graunt  of  her 
desire  would  prove  an  ill  president  and  would  disharten  many  to  see 
a  coui'se  taken  here  to  force  such  men  to  paie  their  Debts  that  had 
fled  thither  with  hazard  of  their  lives  for  releife  and  safegaurd  in 
regard  of  their  disabillities  to  discharge  the  same ;  And  yett  on  the 
other  side  beinge  vnwillinge  to  make  Virginia  a  Sanctuary  for  bad 
Debtors  that  had  wherewithall  to  discharge  the  same  and  yett  out  of 
obstenacie  or  ill  consience  would  take  no  course  that  in  such  cases 
direccon  should  be  given  (vppon  complainte)  to  the  Gouernor  of  Vir- 
ginia to  cause  y"  ptie  indebted  to  sattisfie  the  Same  out  of  the  proffittC 
of  his  labours  w'"  Caution  neuerthelesse  that  there  be  allwaies  lefte 
vnto  every  such  Debto''  some  Competent  means  of  subsistance ;  Butt 
if  they  shalbe  found  sufficientlie  able  and  yett  denye4  sattisfaccon  out 
of  a  pvers  willfullnesse  that  with  such  ill  mindes  strict  order  be  taken 
for  §plsent§  payment  as  the  equitie  of  the  Debt  shall  require ;  And 
because  a  question  was  moved  whether  y^  Comp* :  had  power  by  their 
Pattent  to  remand  any  back  from  Virginia  to  give  sattisfaccon  here 
if  need  did  require,  Itt  was  thought  fitt  that  m'  Hide,  and  m'  Earle  did 
consider  of  this  poynte  and  examine  the  authoritie  of  the  Company 
touchinge  the  same.     [240] 

The  Patent  graunted  to  my  Lady  Dale  for  a  ptieular  Plantacon  in  a  Patent  graanted 
Virginia  beinge  drawne  in  the  vsuall  forme  and  now  plsented  to  be  ^' ' "  V'*'''' ^*'!.'!^ 
read  was  referred  to  a  Comittee  to  pvse  the  same  m^    beinge  approved  tee, 
by  them  order  was  given  to  m'  Deputy  to  affixe  the  Seale  thervnto, 
And  ordered  further  that  accordinge  to  my  Ladie  Dales  request  du-ec- 


492  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

con  should  be  given  to  sett  outt  her  Lande  where  shee  desyred  if  itt 
were  not  allredie  jilauted  or  disposed  of  the  Comittee  appoynted  to 
pvse  the  Pattent  are  these  namely — 

m'  Gibbs. 

m"^  Wroth. 

m'  Wrote. 

m^  Nicho :  Ferrar. 

who  are  likewise  entreated  to  pvse  the  Pattents  grannted  to  S'  Dud- 
ley Diggs  and  his  Associates,  and  one  other  to  S'  lohn  Bourcher  and 
his  Associates  and  after  that  m''  Deputy  is  appoynted  to  Scale  them. 

A  Patent  graunted  Yppon  m'  Hamcrs  mocon  for  the  like  Pattent  as  had  beene  graunted 
to  m     amer.       y^i^o  othcrs  Order  was  given  for  drawings  of  itt  vp  in  the  vsuall  forme 

and  beinge  pvsed  and  allowed  of  by  the  former  Comittee  m''  Deputy 

is  authorized  to  Seale  itt. 

A  Patent  for  the  Yppon  mocou  of  the  Somcr  Iland^  Company  that  they  might  have  a 
ompanj  Pattent  of  the  proporcon  of  Land  given  them  in  Virginia  by  this 
Company  beinge  a  thousand  Acres  the  Court  referred  itt  to  the  Audi- 
to"  to  prepare  itt  against  the  next  Quarter  Court  and  to  take  the 
advise  of  m''  lermyne  therin,  And  that  the  Somer  IlandC  Company  if 
they  pleased  might  make  a  draught  of  the  said  Patent  and  present  the 
same  to  the  Audito"  to  be  corrected  and  amended  if  they  shall  see 
cause. 

A  perfect  Accompt  "VYheras  the  Plantacon  in  Virginia  founded  by  his  Ma*'^:  royall  power 
be  "i^sented  to  his  ^^1^^  prosecutcd  by  the  Adventurers  and  Planters  with  the  charge  of 
Ma":  aboute  one  hundred  thousand  pounds  out  of  their  owne  pryvate  estates 

without  any  proffitt  as  yett  [241]  hath  in  these  latter  years  been 
cheifly  Supported  by  his  Ma'' :  most  gracious  graunt  of  the  vse  of  the 
Lottaries  w''*'  are  now  susspended ;  The  Comp* :  for  Virginia  in  this 
great  and  generall  Quarter  Courte  have  ordered  that  the  Audito"  of 
the  same  Company  make  vp  a  true  and  perfect  Accompt  of  all  the 
said  Lottaries  §to§  be  presented  in  all  humble  duety  and  thankfullnes 
to  his  Ma"' :  In  w*  Accompt  is  to  be  sett  downe  aswell  the  seuerall 
Sums  received  as  allsoe  the  vses  whervppon  they  have  been  expended 
for  the  advancement  of  the  Plantacon,  And  for  the  better  effectinge 


JUNE  13,  1621  493 

therof ,  Itt  was  ordered  likewise  that  the  seuerall  Treasure"  of  the 
said  Company  shovild  forthwith  transmitt  vnto  the  Audito"  soe  much 
of  the  said  AccomDt?  respectively  as  belongeth  to  the  seuerall  times 
of  their  offices. 

The  appoynted  Comittee  haveinge  treated  w""  Captaine  Norton  did  The  Comittees  re- 
now  reporte  that  findinge  him  resolved  to  plant  himselfe  in  Virginia  |^p.Vo^n™°^^ 
with  his  f  amy  lie  att  his  owne  charges  beinge  aboute  the  number  of 
Tenn  psonns,  and  to  make  offer  to  carry  ouer  wuth  him  4 :  Itallyans 
and  two  servants  of  his  owne  whome  hee  had  pswaded  to  goe  w**"  their 
wives  and  Children  on  Condicon  they  may  be  furnished  in  good 
manner  att  the  Companies  charge,  which  six  psonns  shall  within 
three  moneths  after  their  Arivall  in  Virginia  sett  vpp  a  Glasse 
ffurnace  and  make  all  manner  of  BeadC  &  Glasse  and  to  content 
themselvs  with  the  one  halfe,  and  the  other  halfe  of  their  labours  to  be 
the  Companies  wherof  they  desire  a  Patent  of  previledge  for  seaven 
years  that  they  and  no  other  in  that  space  may  sett  vpp  the  said 
Work^,  and  if  any  other  of  y''  same  profession  be  sent  they  to  come 
vnder  their  parte  and  to  be  imployed  by  them  in  the  said  worke ;  In 
consideracon  herof  and  in  regard  of  the  benefitt  that  is  like  to  come 
to  y"  generall  Company ;  The  Comittee  eertefyed  they  were  of  opinyon 
y*  Comp*  might  graunt  him  .such  a  Patent,  without  makinge  presydent 
for  Monopolies ;  And  forasmuch  as  Cap'  Norton  himselfe  vndertakes 
the  ouersight  and  gou^ment  of  this  worke  and  pmiseth  to  instruct  and 
traine  vp  Apprentizes  or  any  other  pson  that  the  Company  shall 
appoynt  to  be  taught  therin  The  said  Comittee  have  thought  fitt  to 
allowe  him  a  fifte  pt  of  the  Companies  moytie,  And  besides  hee  being 
desirous  of  a  quantitie  of  Land,  for  so  much  as  they  found  him  soe 
free  and  generous  in  his  proposicons  they  have  ppounded  400  Acres 
of  old  Adventure  to  be  bestowed  vppon  him  for  his  inheritance,  w"'' 
seuerall  proposicons  the  Courte  takinge  into  their  consideracons  did 
agree  first  that  the  said  psons  should  be  furnished  in  the  best  man- 
ner at  the  Comp":  charge,  and  shall  have  the  Patent  they  desire  for 
seaven  years.  [342]  Provided  that  in  leive  of  their  moytie  of  Beads 
w"""  is  the  matter  of  Trade  with  the  Indians  properly  belonginge  to 
the  Companie  they  take  a  valuable  consideracon  either  outt  of  the 
Companies  moytie  of  Glasse  or  in  Corne  or  other  like  Comodities  as 


494  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

the  Goueruo"'  and  Counsell  of  Virginia  shall  thiuke  meete,  and  for 
Cap*  Nortons  owne  allowance  the  Courte  have  confirmed  vnto  him 
the  fifte  parte  of  their  moytie,  and  the  proporcon  of  Land  hee  desires, 
And  shall  have  two  men  more  for  cuttinge  of  wood  for  the  sayd 
work^,  wherof  hee  is  to  furnish  out  one  att  his  owne  charge. 


The  Comittees  re-  The  Comittec  appoyutcd  by  the  Preparative  Courte  to  treate  with  m' 

porte  roncerni 
111'  Clevborne 


pore  com erninpe  ^j^^^^^^^   (Comeuded  and  proposed  for  the  Surveyo"  place)  have- 


inge  mett  the  next  day  and  takinge  into  their  consideracons  the  allow- 
ances that  a  former  Comittee  had  thought  fitt  to  State  that  Office 
vnthall  in  respect  of  the  service  hee  was  to  pforme  aswell  in  generall 
as  pticuler  Surveys  did  agree  for  his  Salary  to  allow  him  Thirty 
pounds  p  annum  to  be  payd  in  two  hundred  waight  of  Tobacco  or  any 
other  valuable  Comoditie  growinge  in  that  Country  and  that  hee  shall 
have  a  con venyent  howse  pvided  att  the  Companies  charge  and  Twenty 
pounds  in  hand  to  furnish  him  with  Instruments  and  book<  fittinge 
for  his  Office  w'^''  hee  is  to  leave  to  his  Successor.  Butt  for  the  matter 
of  his  dyett  w*""  was  formerly  appoynted  to  be  w*^  the  Gouernor  find- 
inge  therein  some  difficultie  &  inconvenience  they  had  in  leive  therof 
thought  fitt  to  allowe  him  the  free  transporte  of  a  third  pson  besides 
himselfe  and  his  servant  and  have  given  him  200  Acres  of  Land  of 
olde  Adventure  for  an  inheritance ;  And  in  case  hee  shalbe  supplyed 
in  matter  of  Survey  for  any  pryvate  man  his  wages  shall  not  exceed 
six  shillings  p  diem  besides  his  Lodginge  and  Dyett  w"''  hee  that 
imployes  him  shall  pay  him  for ;  The  said  allowance  beinge  now  putt 
to  the  question  this  Court  did  ratifie  &  confirme  And  fyndinge  m' 
Cleyborne  contented  to  goe  vppon  the  sayd  condicons  have  accepted 
of  him  to  be  surveyo''  for  three  years. 

The  Comittees  re-  The  Comittce  appoyutcd  to  treat  with  him  that  vndertooke  to  plant 
^nT  rt^  k""  t^'  Lyquorish  touchinge  his  demaunds  of  the  Company  for  his  imploym' 
plant  Lyquoris.  in  that  kiudc  to  their  vse  did  now  make  reporte  therof  vnto  the 
Courte,  w""  beinge  taken  into  further  consideracon  and  fyndinge  itt 
a  worke  of  no  such  diffici;ltie  butt  that  everie  ordinary  man  might 
soone  learne  howe  to  plant  the  same  and  beinge  vnwillinge  to  putt 
the  Company  to  any  further  charge  then  needs  must  did  therfore 
refuse  to  entertaiue  this  bargaine  especially  vppon  such  pposicons  as 
the  vndertaker  had  offered.     [243] 


JUNE  13,  1621  495 

Itt  was  signified  vnto  the  Courte  that  an  Apothecary  offered  to  trans-  An  Apothecary  ai- 
porte  himselfe  and  his  wife  att  his  owne  charge  to  Virginia  if  the  '"'*''"'  ^  **^"®  -" 

ijftflfjiffc   of   two 

Company  would  please  to  give  them  their  transporte  of  two  Children,  children  free 

the  one  beinge  vnder  the  age  of  eight  and  the  other  a  youth  of  good 

years :  w"""  offer  the  Courte  did  verie  well  like  of  in  respecte  of  the 

great  want  of  men  of  his  pfession  and  beinge  putt  to  the  question  did 

agree  thervnto ;  Provided  that  the  said  Apothecary  att  his  Cominge 

ouer  did  exercise  his  skill  and  practise  in  that  profession  w'^''  itt  should 

be  lawfull  and  free  for  him  to  doe  and  to  that  end  should  be  recom- 

ended  to  the  Gouernor. 

Itt  beinge  moved  in  the  former  Courte  and  referred  to  the  considera-  "^''^  Lo-"f  ^""'^ 
con  of  this  Quarter  Courte  that  the  remaynes  of  monny  due  by  Col-  J^^'j^Lo'grlce "^ 
leccons  in  the  hands  of  divers  Bishops  might  be  called  vppon  and  Cani:  to  soiicUey 
brought  in ;  The  Courte  desyred  y '  itt  would  please  my  Lord  of  South  -  ^■'•^"p*^  ^■ 
ampton  to  ioyne  with  my  Lords  grace  of  Canterbury  to  solicite  those 
Bishops  by  Lres  for  bringinge  in  of  the  same. 

And  beinge  likewise  moved  that  the  Knights  and  gentlemen  as  allsoe  Themooon  fnrpoi- 
the  MarchantC  and  Cittizens  might  be  earnestly  called  vppo  for  pay  -  il^Hf^^  sub^-rip- 
ment  of  their  monneys  due  by  their  subscripcons,  Itt  was  recom-  wns  referd  to  >- 
mended  to  the  care  of  the  Audito"  to  dyrect  some  course  touchinge  -^"'^'•''"• 
the  same. 

Wheras  itt  was  referred  to  the  Consideracon  of  this  Courte  for  Adveu-  m'  Webi.  to  carry 

turers  to  resolve  what  sofae  of  monny  they  would  willinglie  subscribe  ^^^  ^°'® 

to  pay  for  raysinge  a  loynt  stocke  towards  the  pvidinge  of  Apparrell 

and  other  necessaries  wherof  the  Colony  stood  in  greate  need  all  their 

former  store  beinge  spent  and  therfor  this  Supply  the  more  like  to  be 

putt  of  w*^  the  greater  proflBtt  to  y"  Adventure"     The  Courte  here- 

vppon  agreed  that  m'  Webb  should  goe  aboute  with  the  Role  that  was 

allredie  drawne  to  that  effect  for  Adventurors  to  vnderwrite. 

Wheras  the  Comp* :  were  Adventurers  in  the  olde  Magazine  the  sume  Magazine   to   be 
of  800":  and  many  other  pryvate  men  of  the  Company  interessed  in  ""^'''*^ 
it  allso ;  Itt  was  ordered  that  the  Audito"  for  the  said  Magazine  vizd 

m'  Keightley. 
m"'  Cranmer. 
m^  Bull. 

16455— VOL  1— OR 32 


496  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

should  meete  to  audite  the  said  Accompts  wherby  they  might  knowe 
[244]  what  they  were  indebted  as  allso  what  they  were  to  receave 
and  for  their  better  assistance  and  help  in  their  proceeding^  therin 
the  Courte  have  added  vnto  them — 

m'  Ayres.  m'  Mellinge 

m''  Bland.  and 

m'  Case  well.  m'  Cuffe. 


y'  2  Indian  mayd? 
to  be  sent  to  v*  So' 


Itt  beinge  referred  to  this  Courte  to  dyrect  some  course  for  the  dis- 
merHand«"  "  "  pose  of  two  Indian  maydes  haveing  byne  a  long  time  verie  chargeable 
to  y*  Company  itt  is  now  ordered  that  they  shalbe  furnished  and  sent 
to  the  Summer  Hands  whether  they  were  willinge  to  goe  w"*  one 
servante  apeec  towards  their  preferm'  in  marriage  w'*"  such  as  shall 
accept  of  them  w*"  that  means — w""  espeeiall  dyreccon  to  the  Gou9nor 
&  Counsell  there  for  the  carefull  bestowinge  of  them. 

A  Comittee  for  j^|;  ^eiuge  moved  that  a  Comittee  might  be  appoynted  for  drawinge 

noreiMtraccoM    ^pp  of  the  Goucmo"  lustruccons  and  Comission  as  likewise  for  the 

Thfer  and  Secretary  to  expedite  their  dispatch  in  respect  of  their 

plfixed  time  of  their  settinge  forth  drewe  neere,     The  Courte  noiated 

these  followinge  to  pforme  the  same  vizt. 

S' Ed w:  Sandys.  m' Wroth. 

S'  lo:  Dauers.  m''  lo:  Smith, 

m'  Deputie.  m'  Nich:  fferrar. 

m'  Gibbs.  m'  Casewell. 

Ca:  Bargraues  Pe-  Captaine  Bargraue  haveinge  peticoned  to  this  Courte  that  some  of  the 
ingeofwittnesses.  Couusell  (beinge  Parlyament  men)  might  be  appoynted  to  examine 
certaine  wittnesses  of  his  beinge  nowe  in  Towne  afore  then-  goinge 
back  to  Virginia  in  the  cause  in  difference  betweene  him  and  S''  Tho : 
Smith  for  w'^''  bee  had  peticoned  to  the  Lower  house  of  Parlyament ; 
The  Courte  made  him  aunswere  that  for  soe  much  as  Parlyament  men 
were  named  in  his  Peticon  they  durst  not  meddle  therwith  nor  would 
the  Parlyament  accept  of  Deposicons  taken  in  any  pryvate  Courte 
without  the  Personall  appearance  of  witnesses  themselvs  vnto  the 
house  att  the  hearinge  of  the  cause  besides  itt  was  held  indyrect  and 


JVNE 13,  mn  497 

vnequall  to  give  way  to  his  desire,  vntill  S'  Thomas  Smith  himselfe 
were  made  acquainted  with  his  Peticon  and  did  assent  vnto  this  Courte 
of  examyninge  Witnesses. 

Vppon  the  humble  peticon  of  loice  Lodge  the  Courte  have  orderd  ^o'^e  L^ge  Peti- 
that  shee  shall  have  one  Share  of  Land  of  50  Acres  for  the  Adven  -  '^''°' 
ture  of  her  psonn  and  her  thirds  out  of  the  Land  due  for  her  psonall 
Adventure  duo  for  of  her  said  deceased  Husband,  and  besides  the 
Courte  have  been  pleased  to  bestowe  vppon  her  one  Share  of  Land 
more  loi-  §of§  one  hundred  Acres  old  Adventure  in  consideracon  of 
her  goods  that  she  sayth  shee  lefte  behinde  her  in  Virginia,  And 
accordinge  to  her  request  ordered  the  same  to  be  assured  vnto  her 
vnder  the  Companies  Scale. 

m'  Peirce  movinge  the  Courte  would  please  to  assigne  him  the  place  "''  p^''"'^®  ™^°" 
wher  hee  desires  his  land  might  be  sett  outt,  some  of  Martini  Hundred  p°ace^wher '™  ^ 
alleadged  y*  the  said  Lands  were  allredie  possessed  by  them  [245]  Jesires  his  Land 
butt  m'  Peirce  affirmed  the  contrarie,  whervppon  the  Courte  ordered  ■»»>' be  layd  out 
that  further  enquirie  should  be  made,  and  beinge  found  who  hadd 
the  pryoritie  or  first  possession  itt  should  be  assigned  accordinglie. 

Intelligence  beinge  given  of  two  Mynisters  y*  offered  themselvs  to  -  ^lynwtere. 
goe  for  Virginia  the  Court  referd  them  to  be  treated  &  concluded  with 
^1  y*  Comittees 

And  for  somuch  as  S''Fraunces  Wyat  desyred  hee  might  make  choyse  S'  Fra:  Wyate. 
of  one  that  was  willinge  to  goe  w*"  him  y"  Courte  assented  thervnto. 

M'  Deputie  moved  that  the  Courte  would  give  order  for  sealinge  y"  The  Contract  w'^ 
Contract  made  w**"  m'  Ewens,  m''  of  the  Geoi'ge  beinge  drawne  v}:)p  g^ied*^"^    °   ^ 
accordinge   to  the  Contract  made  withim   which  was  ratyfied  by  a 
former  Courte    The  Courte  thought  fitt  to  Commend  itt  to  his  care  to 
see  the  same  pformed  accordinglie  as  allso  to  scale  his  Comission. 

M'  Edward   Hackluite   assigned   two   Shares   of  25"  Adventure  to  ™'Kd'"°"<i"a<'^- 
one  lohn  More  beinge  next  heire  to  Richard  Hackluite  his  father  i"'.*M^re  ^"^  '^ 
deceased  desyred  itt  might  pass  the  approbacon  of  this  Courte  which 
was  accordingly  graunted  they  findinge  his  said  ffather  vppon  search 
of  the  booke  no  way  indebted  to  the  Company  for  y®  same. 


498 


RECORDS  OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 


m'AmbroBeWood  Yppon  credible  informacon  that  Ambrose  Wood  of  Hamsey  in  the 
Land  0'^*^*^^°^  County  of  Sussex  gent  is  the  next  heir  vnto  Cap' Thomas  Woode 
deceased  (beinge  his  onely  brother)  w"'"  Thomas  Wood  adventured  the 
some  of  50"  towards  the  Plantacon  in  Virginia  Ann" :  1609  as  by  his 
bills  of  Adventure  may  appeare ;  Itt  is  therf ore  ordered  by  a  generall 
consent  that  the  said  Ambros  Wood  shall  have  allowed  and  confirmed 
vnto  him  in  the  right  of  his  said  Brother  fower  Shares  of  Land  in 
Virginia  due  for  the  Adventure  of  the  said  50"  paid  into  y^  Treasury 
as  allso  one  Share  of  Land  more  due  for  the  Adventure  of  his  Broth- 
ers pson  to  Virginia  wher  hee  dyed  longe  since. 


At  a  generall  Courte  helde  for  Virginia 

THE  25'"  lUNIJ  1621 


m'  lohn  Ferrar. 

m"'  Deputy. 

m'  John  Wroth. 

m'  Gibbs. 

m''  Robert  Smith. 

m''  Nicholas  Ferrar. 

Captaine  Bargraue. 


Present. 

m'  Berblock. 
m"'  Palmer, 
m'  Tucker, 
m'  Swinhoe. 
m'  RuggelK. 
m'  Blande. 


m'  Geo:  Smith, 
m''  Hackluit. 
m'  Penistone. 
m'  Roberta, 
m'  Mellinge. 
m'  Raph  Fogge. 


m'  Bill, 
m'  Meuerell. 
m'  Morewoode. 
m'  Bay  nam. 
m'  Widdowes. 
m'  Vyner. 
m"^  Harte. 
m'  Cuffe. 


M'  Deputie  signified  vnto  this  Court  that  the  occasion  of  their  meet- 
inge  this  afternoone  was  to  lett  them  know  how  farr  the  Comittees 
(haveinge  mett  the  IS'*"  of  this  plsent  monneth)  had  pceeded  with 


JUNE  25,  1621  499 

Captaine  Norton  [246]  and  the  Italian  Straungers  that  are  to  he  sent 
to  Virginia  to  make  glasse  and  heads ;   That  wheras  the  last  Quarter 
Courte  had  approved  of  a  hargaine  made  w""  them  by  the  former  Com - 
ittee  for  the  furnishinge  and  transportinge  of  eleven  psonns  for  the 
said  worke  att  the  Companies  charge  w"*"  amounted  to  the  Sume  of  att 
least  150",  the  same  haveinge  been  againe  taken  into  consideracon  att 
this  last  meetinge  and  fyndinge  the  Companies  Stocke  no  way  able  to 
pforme  the  same  (as  thingC  now  stood)  Itt  pleased  m'  Sandys  outt  of  ^'  ^®°-  '"Sandys 
a  desire  to  advance  soe  hopefull  a  worke  and  to  ease  the  Company  of  itaUans  to  hi  ra- 
the present  charge  to  offer  to  take  the  said  Itallyans  to  himselfe  in  seife  in  lieue  of 
leive  of  those  men  that  were  to  be  allowed  him  by  the  Company  in  a„°^gj  "^^  j^* 
respect  of  his  office  and  that  the  Company  should  be  att  no  further  the  Comp*: 
charge  then  for  transportinge  and  furnishinge  two  of  their  wives  and 
three  of  their  Children  w"''  offer  by  a  Comittee  waswillinglie  embraced 
and  in  leive  therof  they  thought  fitt  that  the  said  workmen  should  be 
appropriated  vnto  m"'  George  Sandys  as  Treasuro"'  vntill  the  Comp*: 
shall  please  to  give  him  a  valuable  consideracon  for  them,  w"*"  work- 
men have  couenanted  within  three  monneths  after  their  arrivall  in 
Virginia  to  sett  vp  a  Glass  Furnace  and  to  make  Glasse  and  Beads  for  ^o  sett  Vp  a  Glass 
the  Company  in  the  Condicon  of  TennantC  att  halfC  for  the  space  of  moTnet'hs^'atTer 
Seaven  years  for  w'^''  time  they  are  to  have  a  Pattent  of  pryveledge  their  anuaii  c. 
that  they  onely  and  no  other  except  such  as  the  Company  shall  send 
vnto  them  may  be  pmitted  to  make  round  Glasse  drinckinge  Glasse 
or  Beads  and  in  lieve  of  their  moytie  of  their  Beads  they  ar  to  have 
valuable  consyderacon  in  some  other  Comodities  att  such  Rates  as  the 
Gouernor  and  Counsell  of  State  in  Virginia  shall  thinke  fitt  who  are 
likewise  to  stint  and  proprocon  what  quantytie  of  Beads  they  shall 
thinke  requisite  to  be  made  from  time  to  time.     And  in  respect  Cap- 
taine Norton  is  to  have  the  ouersight  &  gou^ment  of  the  said  Italyans  Captaiue  Norton. 
ther  is  graunted  vnto  him  on  fifte  pt  of  the  Companies  moytie  to  dis- 
pose of  att  his  pleasure  and  besides  hee  is  to  have  400  Acres  of  Land 
olde  Adventure  for  an  inheritance. 

Which  seuei'all  pposicons  and  allowances  lymited  w**"  so  good  Cautious 
this  Courte  did  well  approve  of  and  beinge  put  to  y*  question  did  will- 
inglie  condiscend  vnto  them. 


500  RECORDS   OF  THE  YIROINIA  COMPANY 

Cap'  Norton  to  be  Captaiiie  Noi'toii  likewise  pmised  to  be  redie  with  his  people  within 
14  dales  to  take  bhippmge. 

ui'  Raph  Fogge  5  j^jr  Ralph  Fogge  moved  that  the  five  Shares  confirmed  vnto  him  by 

firmed  ^"vnder*^""'  *^®  Quarter  Courte  held  the  second  of  May  last  might  be  testified 

Seaie.  '   vnder  the  Companys  Seale  for  that  many  vppon  that  assurance  would 

be  moved  to  goe  ouer  to  plant  for  his  sake,  whervppon  itt  was  agreed 

that  hee  should  have  a  Certificate  to  that  effect  Sealed.     [24:7] 


At  an  extraordinary  Courte  helde  for  Virginia 
¥■=  2^=  luLij  1621 

Present. 

S'  lohn  Dauers.  m'  Wroth.  m'  lohn  Smith. 

S'  Edwin  Lawley.  m''  Gibbs.  m"^  lohn  Bland, 

m'  Deputy.  m^  Wrote.  Captaine  Bargraue. 
m'  George  Sandys. 

Wheras  itt  was  agreed  and  ordered  by  the  former  Courte  y*  for  somuch 
as  the  Company  were  not  able  to  pforme  the  bargaine  made  w"'  the 
Glasse  men  without  bi'inginge  themselvs  into  Debt  (w"*"  my  Lord  of 
Southampton  did  not  desire)  and  had  often  given  Caution  hereof  to 
the  Comp" :  That  therf ore  they  should  be  turned  ouer  to  m'  George 
Sandys  Treasurer  of  Virginia  for  a  certaine  time  in  lieue  of  those  hee 
should  have  hadd  for  his  place  att  the  Companies  charge  vntill  a  val- 
uable consideracon  might  be  given  him  for  them  by  the  Company, 
yett  haveinge  now  againe  taken  the  same  into  consideracon  and  find- 
The  bargaine  w'"  inge  itt  may  prouc  a  matter  distastfull  to  many,  that  a  Bargaine  of 
.vGias.se  uien  pn-  ^jjig  nature  should  be  translated  from  the  Company  to  one  mans  pry- 
by  y^Coiiipany""  vate  vse  and  benefitt  (w''''  Act  allso  was  found  to  contradicte  an  order 
of  a  great  Quarter  Courte  held  the  13""  of  Ivne  last)     Itt  was  therfore 
thought  fitt  and  is  now  agreed  and  ordered  (and  that  w*"  the  consent 


I 


JULT2,1621  501 

and  good  likinge  of  m"'  Georg  Sandys  who  said  that  hee  desyred  them 
not  to  preiudice  the  Company,  butt  to  sett  the  said  worke  a  foote  that 
was  like  to  fall  for  want  of  means)  that  the  Company  should  againe 
entertaine  the  Bargaine  into  their  hands  though  they  did  some  what 
bringe  themselvs  in  debte  for  the  same,  and  that  m'  George  Sandys 
should  have  his  men  taken  of  the  publique  in  Virginia  who  should  be 
furnished  from  hence  with  apparrell,  and  other  necessaries  in  as  good 
manner  as  any  other  of  the  Companies  Tennant^,  w""  Course  was  well 
approved  of  by  the  Courte. 

Captaine  Bargraue  moved  y*  the  Comp*:  would  please  to  appoynte 
some  to  take  hearinge  of  the  differences  between  him  and  Captaine 
Martin,  (Wittnesses  haveinge  been  alredie  examyned  on  either  side 
and  certified  as  would  appeare)  to  thend  they  might  be  accorded  with- 
out longer  delay  or  farther  sute.     Whervppon  the  Courte  thought  fitt 
that  some  five  of  the  Counsell  shoixld  be  entreated  to  meet  on  ffryday  5  of  y'  Counseii  to 
morninge  next  att  m''  Ferrari  house  to  heare  and  determyne  the  same  determine  y  dif- 
if  they  cann  or  otherwise  to  make  reporte  how  the  cause  stands  cap' Bargraue  and 
between  them,  and  in  whome  y*  default  is  that  an  agreement  cannot  Cap- Martin 
be  made.     [248] 


m'   Thomas  ladwin   moved   that  wheras  Thomas  Woodliffe  stands  m-  Tho;  ladwinc 

indebted  vnto  him  (§as§  by  bond  dated  the  8:  of  luly  may  appeare)  v^'?"el^"^^bie  ' 

in  the  some  of  20"  for  Comodities  lent  him  then  att  his  goinge  oner  to 

Virginia  w"*"  should  have  been  paid  in  Ivue  followinge,  that  for  soe 

much  as  the  saide  Woodliffe  is  now  dead  and  hath  lefte  a  sufficient 

estate  to  discharge  his  Debt^  that  therfore  the  Court  would  please  to 

give  order  to  y^  Gou^no'  to  take  some  course  that  hee  may  be  sattisfied 

for  the  saide  Debt  out  of  the  psonall  Estate  of  the  said  Woodliffe  w'^'' 

mocon  the  Court  coneeaving  to  be  verie  reasonable  ordered  that  direc  - 

con   should   be   given   to   ye   Gouernor  to   see   that  right   be   done 

accordinglie. 

M"^  Deputy  signified  of  a  letter  hee  had  receaved  from  m'  Gookin  of  a  tre:  from  m' 
Ireland  who  desyred  y'  a  Clause  in  the  Contract  between  him  and  the  ^'>*''^'°- 
Company  touchinge  Cattle  w''*'  hee  had  vndertaken  to  transport  to 
Virginia  after  the  i-ate  of  eleven  pounds  the  Heiffer  and  Shee  Goat^ 


502  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

att  3" :  10'  apeec  for  w"''  hee  might  take  any  Comodities  in  Virginia  att 
such  prizes  as  the  Company  here  had  sett  downe  hee  desired  y*  those 
words  might  he  more  Cleerly  explayned ;  And  to  this  eiSeet  m'  Deputy 
A  tre  written  to  signified  y*  they  had  drawne  a  letter  in  the  name  of  the  Counsel!  and 
m    oo  in.  Company  vnto  m''  Gookin  declaringe  that  their  intent  and  meaninge 

was  itt  should  be  lawfull  and  ffree  for  him  and  his  ffacto"  to  Trade 
barter  and  sell  all  such  Comodities  hee  shall  carry  thither  att  such 
rates  and  prizes  as  hee  shall  thinke  good  and  for  his  Cattle  shall  receive 
either  of  the  Gouernor  or  other  pryvate  psonns  any  of  the  Comodities 
there  growinge  att  such  prizes  as  hee  cann  agree ;  And  lastly  y'  accord - 
inge  to  m"'  Gookins  request  in  his  said  Tre  they  had  promised  y*  hee 
should  have  a  Pattent  for  a  pticularr  Plantacon  as  large  as  y'  graunted 
to  S"'  William  Newce  and  should  allso  have  liberty  to  take  100  Hoggs 
out  of  the  fforrest  vppon  condieon  that  hee  repay  the  said  nomber 
againe  vnto  the  Company  within  the  tearme  of  seaven  years;  Pro- 
vided that  hee  vse  them  for  breed  and  encrease  and  not  for  present 
slaughter. 


'O* 


A  tre  written  to  ^j^jj  farther  to  this  effect  they  had  allso  drawne  a  letter  to  the  Gouer- 

Counseir  o"  "vir-  ^o^"  ^.ud  Counsell  of  State  in  Virginia  both  w''"  beinge  now  pisented 

ginia  to  this  effect  and  read  the  Court  did  very  well  approue  of  and  gave  order  that  the 

Seale  of  the  Counsell  should  be  affixed  to  that  addressed  to  m"'  Gookin 

and  that  some  of  y"  Counsell  shovdd  signe  the  other  to  the  Counsell  of 

Virginia.     [249] 

m'  Kettiebie  to  be  Itt  was  signified  y*  one  m'  Kettleby  made  offer  to  goe  att  his  owne 

uous'nor  '^    °  ^  charge  to  Virginia  vppon  a  Discouery  now  att  the  first  with  an  intent 

there  to  settle  and  plant  himselfe;  for  w'''*  cause  hee  desired  to  be 

reeomended  to  theGou^nor;  w'*"  mocon  the  Courte  conceauinge  to  be 

verie  reasonable  did  willinglie  condiscend  there  vnto. 

Some  of  r  coun-  Lastly  itt  was  moved  and  thought  fitt  that  some  of  the  Counsell 

sell    to    nieete  •'  ~ 

aboute  y'  Gouern-  appointed  would  please  to  meet  vppon  this  next  Thursday  in  the  after - 
o"  instruc:  uoouc  att  m'  Ferrars  howse  about  the  Gouerno"  lustruccons. 


JULY  10,  1621 


503 


At  a  Courte  helde  for  Virginia  the  lO'^"  Iulij  1621 


S'  lohn  Dauers. 
S'  Antho :  Palmer. 
S'  Phillip  Gary, 
m'  W":  Spencer. 


m'  Hollow  ay. 
m'  Cartwright. 
m''  Abdy. 
m'  Tucker, 
m'  Palmer, 
m""  Whitley. 
m''  Darnelly. 
Cap'  Hamor. 
m'  Bull. 

m'  Bagwell, 
m'  Ewre. 
m'  Roberta. 


Present. 

m'  Alder:  lohnson. 
S'  William  Newce. 
m'  Deputy  Ferrar. 
m"^  Wroth. 

m"'  Georg  Sandys, 
m''  Smith, 
m""  Nicho :  Ferrar. 
m"^  Risley. 

m""  Casewell. 
m'  Barnarde. 
m"^  Wiseman, 
m'  Ayres. 
m'  Edwards, 
m"^  Ruggell. 
m"'  Essington. 
m'  Chamberlyn. 


m'  Gibbs. 
m'  Wrote. 
D'  Winstone. 
D'  Anthony. 


m'  Lawrence, 
m'  Couell. 
m"'  Leuor. 
m"^  Newporte. 
m'  George  Smith, 
m'  Fellgate. 
m"^  Morrice. 
m"^  Meuerell. 


m'  Woodall. 
m'  Wells, 
m""  Harte. 


m'  Hackett. 
m'  Colethurst. 
m'  Dawes. 


m^  Cuffe. 
m^  Webb. 


M'  Deputie  signified,  that  the  occasion  of  warninge  the  Courte  this  '^'^'^  Bona  Xoua 

present  day  was  to  aequainte  them  with  the  aryvall  of  the  Bona  Nona 

rydinge  att  anchor  neer  the  He  of  Wight  by  w"^*"  Ship  haveinge  received 

divers  letters,  and  one  generall  letter  from  the  Counsell  of  State  in 

Virginia  directed  to  the  Company  here  hee  thought  titt  to  imparte  itt 

vnto  them  att  this  meetinge  and  thervppon  prayed  they  would  attend  "^'^^  ^^  '^*'^^- 


504  RECORDS   OF  THE  YIROINIA  COMPANY 

the  hearinge  of  them,  w"''  beinge  read  the  pticular  relacons  gave  the 
Compauie  verie  great  content  to  heare  that  som  Staple  Comodities,  as 
Vines,  and  silke,  began  to  be  planted  aceordinge  to  the  Companies 
former  directions  and  that  they  prospered  with  soe  good  successe,  as 
allso  to  heare  of  a  confirmaeon  of  a  Peace,  and  of  a  League  w*''  the 
Indian  Kinge  wherby  not  onely  a  great  trade  and  coinerce  w***  them 
hearafter  for  Corne  and  other  Comodities  is  like  to  ensue  and  good 
means  allso  for  converting  them  to  Christianytie  and  to  draw  them  to 
live  amongst  our  people ;  [250]  Butt  fitt  occasions  likewise  seems  now 
to  be  offered  of  further  Discoueries  vp  into  the  Countrie  both  for  the 
findinge  out  of  the  South  Sea  and  Certaine  Mynes  menconed  in  the 
said  letters  Hw"*"!!  will  vndoubtedlie  conduce  ||to  the||  great  bono'  and 
enlargment  of  the  generall  Plantacon  in  a  short  time ;  Ther  was  also 
3  Seueraii  Voy-  j.ga^(j  vnto  the  Company  a  Relacon  of  three  seuerall  Voyadges  made 
m'^^Ma'rLTduk  ^^1^^  last  Sumer  one  to  the  Southward  to  Roanocke  made  by  m"^  Mar- 
Eeyno'  maduk  Rayner.' 

a  2^  by  Ensigne  ^  Secoud  by  Eusigue  Sauadge  in  the  great  Bay  wherin  is  a  relacon  of 
a  3^'by  m'  Dirmer.  ^  great  Trade  of  Furrs  by  Frenchmen :  A  Third  m'  Dirmers  Discou  - 
eries  from  Cape  Charles  to  Cape  Codd  vp  Delawarr  Riuer,  and  Hud- 
sons  Riuer  beinge  butt  20:  or  30  Leagues  from  our  Plantacon  and 
within  our  lymitC  in  w""  Rivers  were  found  dive"  Ships  of  Amster- 
dam and  Home  who  yearly  had  there  a  great  and  rich  Trade  for 
Furrs,  w'^''  have  moved  the  Gouernor  and  Counsell  of  State  in  Virginia 
ernestly  to  solicite  and  invite  the  Company  to  vndertake  soe  certaine 
and  gainefull  a  Voyadge  m'  Chamberlyn  likewise  informed  the  Comp"  : 
of  the  great  Trade  that  the  Frenchmen  had  in  those  pts  of  Virginia  to 
their  infinite  gaine  w"**  might  w**"  farr  less  charge  and  greater  ease  be 
vndertaken  by  the  Company. 

The  Ship  to  de-  Tliis  beinge  done  m'  Deputy  further  signified  that  the  Bona  Nona  was 

orMiddiebrough.''  lliiowe||  returned  from  Virginia,  staled  onely  for  direccon  from  hence 

to  what  Porte  shee  shall  repayre,  shee  beinge  laden  w""  some  40:  or 

50000  waight  of  Tobacco  (as  hee  heard)  for  the  generall  Invoice  hee 

had  not  as  yett  received  wherof  by  m'  Peirce  y°  Cape  Marchant^ 

'  These  letters  were  probably  those  mentioned  in  List  of  Records,  Nos.  238,  241,  243-245,  247-249, 
pages  147  and  148,  antt. 


JULY  10,  1621  505 

tres  there  appeared  to  be  ?bout  16000  waight  vppon  the  Accompt  of 

the  Old  Magazine  and  about  11000  vppon  the  Accompt  of  the  last 

yearC  Magazine  whervppon  the  Court?  resolucon  was  that  ther  should 

be  order  giuen  to  y"  m' to  dept  instantlie  for  the  Porte  of  Middle - 

burrow  in  Zealand  and  that  the  goods  should  be  delinked  to  m"'  Arthur 

Swaine  sentt  ouer  formerlie  as  the  Companies  Factor  and  that  hee 

should  take  them  vpp  accordinge  to  the  Invoyces,  and  receave  the  The  Goods  to  be 

ffraight  of  'i^  p  pound  due  vnto  the  Company  and  afterwards  deliuer  ''e''uered   to   m' 

the  generall  parcell  to  the  Owners  or  to  whome  the  Owners  here  a„,i  hee  to  receaue 

should  consigne  them ;  And  in  pticular  the  Adventurers  of  the  Old  Y  Fraight  of  3"  p 

Magazine  concerninge  the  disposinge  of  theirs  did  order.  pound. 

That  m''  Swayne  vppon  receipt  of  the  ffraight  of  3*^  p  pound  should  m'  swaine  to  de- 
deliuer  the  Tobacco  belonginge  vnto  them  to  m'  lohn  De  Clark  whom  'i^jer  y  Tobacco  to 
by  the  pswasions  and  recoinendaeons  of  m'  Alderman  lohnson  and 
m'  Chamberlyn  they  did  choose  to  be  their  ffacto'. 

They  entreated  m'  Abdy,  m'  Chamberlyne,  m'  Essington  and  m'  Bull  AComitteetoCon- 
to  meete  and  consult  concerninge  the  sale  of  this  Tobacco  uowe  come  *'"^"/i^"'  ^'  ^'® 

°  of  V'  Tobacco. 

home  and  ther  vppon  to  write  their  letters  of  advise  and  direceon  to 
m'  lohn  De  Clark  speedylie  to  try  the  markett  and  to  returne  them 
answer  how  the  prizes  went,  m'  Alderman  pswadinge  that  the  deferr- 
inge  of  the  sale  a  little  while  would  cause  a  good  rise  in  the  price. 

M'  Chamberlyn  and  m''  Bull  were  entreated  to  keep  accompt  of  this  m'  Chamtien  and 
present  returne  and  to  take  order  for  discharge  of  the  ffraight  and  all  °^'  ^"'I  *'\  ^^? 

,,.  ,.  Ill  11  accompt    of    this 

other  duties  and  itt  was  ordered  that  all  such  monneys  as  m"'  lohn  De  present  retume 
Clark  should  receave  vppon  Sale  of  the  said  Tobacco  should  be  made 
ouer  to  m'  Abrah :  Chamberlin  and  m'  Richard  Bull  who  for  y^  same 
are  to  be  accomptable  to  the  Magazine  Company.     [251] 

Lastlie  vppon  the  importunate  desire  of  the  Adventurers  of  the  Mag-  ">'  Essington   to 
azine  to  come  to  some  head  in  this  intricate  and  tedious  Stocke,  m'  '"'^'^*/'^'>"  y-'^'-"- 

compt. 

Essington  was  desyred  with  all  expedieon  to  make  redy  the  Accompt 
some  time  the  next  weeke  and  to  present  itt  to  the  Audit o"  appoyuted 
by  the  last  Quarter  Courte  to  whome  for  the  speedyer  pf ectinge  of  the 
buisines  were  added  m'  Abdy  &  m'  Bull. 


506  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

m' Bolton  y'Myn-  Yppon  the  Right  Honorable  the  Ea:  of  Southamptons  recomendacons 
yne  .  ^^  ^^^  Boltou  Miiiistei'  for  his  honestie  and  sufficiencie  in  Learuinge, 
and  to  vndertake  the  care  and  charge  of  the  Mynistry,  The  Company 
have  been  pleased  to  entertaine  him  for  their  Mynister  in  some  vacant 
place  in  Virginia  and  have  therfore  referred  him  to  the  Comitee  to  be 
treated  and  concluded  w""  tovichinge  his  allowance  and  seated  where 
they  shall  thinke  fitt  and  most  convenyent  for  him. 

m'  lohn  Pountice  ^  mocon  was  made  y'  m"'  lohn  Pontice  §aswell§  in  respect  of  his 
rail  "^^  "^  owne  worth  and  sufficiencie  as  allso  in  reward  of  his  paynes  and 
endeavo"  in  the  Companies  service  that  some  place  of  Comaund 
might  be  bestowed  v|:)pon  him,  and  for  somuch  as  ther  was  so  great 
vse  of  a  Vice  Admirall  in  Virginia  to  take  care  of  the  Companies 
Ships  that  cam  thither  and  of  other  matters  thervnto  appteyninge ;  Itt 
was  therfore  desired  the  said  place  might  be  conferred  vppon  him  w"" 
the  Courte  consented  vnto,  and  ordered  his  Comission  to  be  drawne 
vpp  for  the  execucon  of  the  said  place,  provisionally  for  one  yeare, 
and  after  duringe  the  Companies  pleasure  recomendinge  itt  to  y®  next 
Quarter  Courte  for  confirmacon. 

Comittees  to  ex-  ^qj.  gomuch  as  m'  Pcircc  Cape  marchant  had  now  sent  home  his 
AMompK.    '^"'^^  AccomptC  by  this  Ship  the  Bona  Nona,  Itt  was  desired  that  the  Com  - 

ittees  appoynted  to  meet  to  morrow,  would  please  to  examine  and 

pvse  the  same. 

The  Contract  w""  The  Contract  made  w""  William  Ewens  m'  of  the  George  accordinge 
seaied^*"^  *°  ""^  to  an  Order  of  Court  held  the  second  of  May  last  beinge  now  presented 
and  read,  and  likewise  that  pte  w"''  hee  was  to  scale  vnto  the  Company 
The  Court  did  approue  therof  and  gave  order  to  m'  Deputy  to  see 
The  tre  written  to  them  scallcd,  And  did  allso  allowe  of  the  letter  written  on  m'  Ewens 
r^'^"''''""'''"''"'  behalf e  to  the  Gouernor  and  Counsell  of  State  in  Vu'ginia  who  were 

behalie  allowed.  ,  ° 

entreated  to  peure  for  m''  Ewens  what  fraight  they  could  homewards 
in  recompence  of  the  losse  hee  susteyned  by  carryinge  a  less  fraight 
outward  in  the  George  then  is  vsuall  for  a  Ship  of  her  burthen  onely 
to  accomodate  S'  Frauncis  Wyatt  and  some  other  gentlemen  the  better 
in  the  said  Shipp.' 

'  This  contract  is  cited  in  List  of  Records,  No.  256,  page  149,  ante. 


JULY  10,  mn  507 

Itt  beinge  signified  y*  Cap*  Norton  had  plsented  a  bill  of  a  greater  Cap'  Norton  pre- 

charge  then  hee  had  form91y  pposed  vnto  the  Comittee  amountinge  to  ^"J^torclffi- 

80"  w""  hee  demaunds  ptly  for  cleeringe  the  apparrell  of  the  Itallyann  ittee 

gcntlcmon  glasemen  engaged  for  debt,  and  ptly  for  buyinge  some 

materialls  for  their  Glass  worke  w^'out  w'^"  they  could  doe  nothinge 

w""  if  the  Compa :  would  please  to  discharge  and  sattisfie  they  should 

have  for  their  securitie  to  be  repayd  againe  the  goods  of  the  said  Itall- 

yans  turned  ou9  to  them  [252]  vntill  y**  said  workmen  might  be  able 

to  sattisfie  that  debt  out  of  the  profittC  of  their  labo',     This  beinge 

taken  into  consideracon  itt  was  at  length  thought  fitt  that  hee  be 

referred  to  the  former  Comittee  to  be  treated  w'"  aboute  the  same, 

who  are  to  make  reporte  how  itt  may  be  done  w'^out  too  great  charge 

vnto  the  Company. 

Itt  was  signified  that  the  Ladie  Lawarr  desyred  the  Court  would  -"^'J'  ^'^y  La'^arre 
please  to  graunt  her  a  Comission  dyrected  to  S'  Fraunces  Wyatt,  m'  ^^1."^  coifSi^n 
George  Sandys  and  others  to  examine  and  certifie  aswell  what  goods  C'. 
and  monny  of  her  late  husbands  deceased  came  to  the  handC  of  m"^ 
Rolfe  in  the  year  1611  and  to  require  y*  accordinge  to  his  promise 
shee  may  be  sattisfied.  And  allso  to  cause  the  Cape  MarchautC  and 
some  others  of  the  olde  Plante"  to  examine  how  Captaine  Argoll  dis- 
posed of  and  to  whose  vse  hee  imployed  the  goods  and  provisions 
transported  in  the  Neptune  1618  appearinge  to  be  of  no  lesse  value 
then  1500"  wherby  shee  is  to  demand  sattisfaccon  for  the  same ;  The 
Courte  hervppon  ordered  that  the  Gouerno',  m'  George  Sandys,  m' 
Thorpe  and  some  others  whom  they  should  thinke  good  should  take 
the  plmises  into  their  consideracon,  and  enquire  what  goods  and  DebtC 
belonged  to  the  late  Lord  Delawarr  deceased  and  to  whose  hands  they 
came  and  were  comitted,  And  whatsoever  shall  appeare  vppon  exam- 
inacon  and  proofe  to  be  due  to  cause  a  restitucon  to  be  mad  to  their 
vttermoste  value,  or  otherwise  certifie  vnto  the  Company  here,  that 
they  may  take  such  order  therin  for  the  recouery  of  them  or  tlie  value 
as  allso  of  y"  debtC  as  to  iustice  shall  apptaine;  Provided  that  her 
La":  out  of  the  worth  of  the  said  goods  take  order  y'  the  Company 
may  be  sattisfied  for  the  Debt  they  stand  engaged  for  her  said  hus- 
band the  Lord  Lawarr  accordinge  to  an  order  of  Court  the  14'"  of 
March  1618  and  an  other  formerly  made  the  14'"  of  lanuary  1618. 


508  RECORDS   OF  TEE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

Request  made  to  Request  was  made  that  such  adventurers  as  were  willinge  to  subscribe 
vndet'^te'^'to  r  towards  a  loynt  Stocke  for  sendinge  a  Magazine  to  Virginia  to  sup- 
Koie.  ply  y°  Colony  w**"  apparrell  and  other  necessaries  (wherof  they  were 

in  great  want)  would  please  to  vnderwrite  to  the  Roll  of  pchment 
what  some  they  are  willinge  to  adventure  y*  piparacon  might  be  made 
accordinglie  in  due  time  some  haveinge  allredie  begann  to  subscribe 
to  that  pui-pose. 

Cap'  Madison  &  The  Court  beiugc  informed  that  the  Comittee  for  the  distributinge  of 
his  wi  e  to    ane  gj^j^j,gg  yr^pQ^  merritt  haveing  mett  the  ii*''  of  lune  last  and  taken  into 

their  pa.»8agt'  free,  i  i  c> 

it  2  shares  of  Land  their  cousidcracons  the  peticon  of  Cap*:  Maddison,  and  fyndinge  that 
andtohaue2Boy8  j^gg  hadd  dcscrved  Well  of  the  Company  by  his  constant  endeavo"  many 
waies  to  doe  them  service,  did  thinke  fitt  for  his  encourragment  to 
graunt  him  and  his  wife  their  transport  att  the  Companies  charge  and 
two  shares  of  Land  and  hearafter  when  the  Comp* :  shalbe  able  they 
thinke  fitt  hee  have  two  boyes  sent  him  to  ||be||  his  Apprentizes  out 
of  the  first  number  shalbe  sent,  &  besides  shalbe  especially  recomended 
to  the  Gouernor,  all  w''''  allowances  the  Court  did  very  well  approve 
of  and  assented  thervnto. 

2  Boys  to  be  sent  ffpr  SO  much  as  itt  appeared  y'  m'  Whittakers  had  obeyed  the  Com- 
ancTto  haneVre-  P^ui^s  ordcrs  in  buildinge  a  Gruesthouse  for  entertaynment  of  Sicke 
ward  of  Tobacco  psouus  and  for  y"  rclcife  and  comforte  of  such  as  came  weake  from  Sea 
confirmed    vnto  ^^^  j^^^  allso  beguun  to  plant  vines,  Corne  and  such  good  Comodities 
and  ray  led  in  100  Acres  of  ground,  itt  was  moved  y'  the  Court  would 
please  to  bestowe  some  reward  vppon  him  for  his  better  encourrag- 
ment in  soe  good  a  coiu'se,  Whervppo  itt  was  agreed  and  ordered  that 
hee  should  have  two  boyes  sent  him  when  the  Comp* :  shalbe  able  and 
that  the  reward  of  Tobacco  allowed  him  by  the  Gouernor  of  Virginia 
shalbe  confirmed  vnto  him.     [253] 

m'CutbertEssing-  Vppon  the  liumblc  peticon  of  m'  Cutbert  Essington  y'  the  Court 

ton  to  be  sett  free  iii  j.  j>ij  i  ^     n  ^   ■         j>  j.i 

and  to  iiaue  his  would   plcase  to  pay  tor  his  passage  home  and  free  him  from  the 

passage    free    to  Coudicou  of  a  Tcnfiant  to  y"  Phisicians  place  seeinge  Doctor  Bohune 

England.  w^'out  his  couscut  or  kuowledg  had  tyed  him  thervnto,  wheras  hee 

onely  went  vppon  his  owne  Adventure  with  D'  Bohune  (as  hee  made 


JULY  10,  1621  509 

to  appear  vnde'  the  Docto"  hand)  in  regard  herof  and  for  that  itt  was 
testified  by  the  Counsel!  of  States  letters  to  the  Company  hee  had  done 
good  service  in  the  ffight,  w"'  two  Spanish  Ships  of  warr,  wher  Doctor 
Bohune  himselfe  was  slaine ;  The  Court  was  pleased  to  graunt  him 
his  request  to  sett  him  free  and  pay  for  his  said  passage 

Vppon   the   humble   peticon  of  m"  Newporte  widdowe,  the  Court  ^'  ^'"^-  Wyatt  to 

Hett  out  3*^  sharea 

ordered  that  S'  Frauncis  Wyat  thelect  Gouernor  and  the  rest  of  the  „(  La^^j  '^^^  ^„ 
Counsell  of  State  in  Virginia  should  be  treated  to  sett  out  32  Shares  Newporte,  and  3 
of  Land  in  Virginia  heretofore  bestowed  vppon  Cap'  Christo:  New-  ^^^n'traL'^Scf 
porte  her  late  husband  deceased  in  reward  of  his  service  with  an 
addicon  of  three  wholl  Shares  for  the  psonns  of  6  men  transported 
att  her  charge  in  the  Jonathan  Ann"  1619  in  any  place  not  alredy 
disposed  of  w"*"  is  comended  to  the  care  of  Captaine  Hamer  to  see  itt 
done  accordinge  to  m"  Newport^  desire. 

The  Courte  takinge  the  peticon  of  Thomas  Webb  into  their  considera-  Tho:Webbtohaue 
con  have  agreed  and  ordered  y*  hee  shall  have  3.  Shares  of  Land  old 
Adventure  in  consideracon  of  his  Adventure  of  his  monny  and  psonn 
into  Virginia  and  to  desire  the  Gouerno'  of  Virginia  att  his  cominge 
ouer  to  sett  out  his  said  Land  for  him  in  any  place  not  alredie 
disposed  of. 

Vppon  the  humble  peticon  of  loice  ffreake  a  poore  distressed  widdowe  loice  ffeakes  2 
that  the  2  Shares  of  Land  formerly  bestowed  vppon  her  by  order  of  \^^^  ',°  h*/°°! 
Courte  the  13""  of  Ivne  last  in  respect  of  hir  psonall  adventure  and  for  .ler  >••  Comp* : 
some  certaine  goods  shee  p!tended  shee  had  lefte  in  Virginia  into  the  **'*''"• 
Companies  store  might  be  confirmed  vnto  her  vnder  the  Companies 
Scale  and  direccon  given  forsettinge  out  of  the  said  Land,  Itt  is  ordered 
that  Shee  shall  have  a  graunt  or  confirmacon  of  the  said  Lands  vnto 
her,  and  her  heirs  and  assignes  for  ever  vnder  the  seale  of  the  Company. 


510 


RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 


An  extraordinary  Courte  y'  12"  of  Iuly  1621 


m'  Depxity  Ferrar. 

m"'  Brooke. 

m'  Wroth. 

m'  Gibbes. 

m'  Wrote. 

m'  George  Sandys. 

Jy-.  Gulstone. 

m'  Nicho :  Ferrar. 

m'  Paine. 

D':  Winstone. 


Present. 

m'  Bromefeild. 
m'  Riseley. 
m'  Bargraue. 
m"^  Rogers, 
m'  Blande. 
m"^  Casewell. 
m"^  Couell. 
m'  Swinhoe. 
m'  Leuer. 
m''  Edwards, 
m'  Barnard. 


m''  Bartham. 
m'  Combes, 
m'  Bay  nam. 
m'  Roberta, 
m'  Whitley, 
m'  Smith, 
m'  Woodall. 
m'  Harte. 
m''  Ayres. 
W*"  dive"  others. 


The  Court<  re-  The  Coiirt  haveinge  made  request  vnto  m'  Chamberlyne  to  pcurethem 
chambien^orSii™  some  good  quantitie  of  Silkworm  seed  from  beyonnd  sea,  bee  signified 
worme  seed.  that  hee  had  heard  the  Seed  of  Valentia  to  be  held  generally  the  verie 
beste  for  that  those  wormes  would  prosp  in  any  place,  wheras  y**  SeedC 
of  other  pts  would  onely  thrive  in  their  native  and  prop  Clymate  and 
no  where  else  and  therfore  hee  promised  att  their  request  to  solicite 
some  of  his  frendC  that  should  doe  their  best  to  procure  (if  they 
could)  [254]  some  Six  pound  of  Seed  from  Valentia  accordinge  to 
their  desires,  for  which  the  Company  gave  him  verie  great  thankC  and 
prayed  itt  might  be  done  w"'  as  much  expedicon  as  may  bee. 

Captaine  Norton,  m'  Deputie  signified  y*  wheras  Captaine  Norton  had  formerlie  agreed 
&  contracted  to  carry  ouer  with  him  into  Virginia  besides  his  owne 
pryvate  famely  the  number  of  6  Itallyans  who  within  3  moneths  after 
their  arivall  had  vndertaken  to  sett  vpp  a  Glasse  ffurnace,  and  make 
Glasse  and  Beads  for  the  vse  of  the  Company  in  the  Coudicon  of 


JULYm.mn  51 1 

TennanK  att  halfC  for  7  years  the  charge  of  w'"  workemen  w"'  2 :  of 
their  wives  and  3  of  thire  children  beinge  transported  and  furnished 
w'"  apparrell,  Victuall,  Tooles  and  all  other  materialls  and  necessaries 
fittinge  for  their  vse,  and  of  the  pformance  of  the  said  worke  should 
stand  the  Company  butt  in  150"  or  ther  aboutC  vppon  w''"  condicon  the 
bargaine  was  entertayned  and  the  same  ratifyed  and  confirmed  by  the 
last  Quarter  Courte,  yett  shortly  after  entringe  into  a  re-examinacon 
of  the  State  of  their  Cash  they  found  as  things  then  stood  150"  was 
more  then  the  Stocke  of  the  Comp*:  could  make  good  without  bring - 
inge   themselvs   into   debt,  wherof   my  Lord  of  Southampton  had 
admonished  them  to  be  carefull,  and  thervppon  they  thought  fitt  to 
turne  ouer  the  said  Bargaine  to  m'  George  Sandys,  after  this  vppon 
better  consideracon,  and  for  some  reasons  menconed  in  the  said  order 
of  Courte,  the  Company  were  willinge  to  entertaine  the  said  bargaine 
againe  into  their  hands;  But  since  that  time  Captaine  Norton  had 
now  plsented  them  a  bill  of  a  new  charge  amountinge  to  no  less  then 
80" :  ouer  and  aboue  the  former  Sume  of  150"  w''''  hee  said  was  to  be 
disbursed  ptlie   for  redeeminge   the   said  workmens   apparrell  and 
Tooles  engaged  now  for  DebtC,  and  ptly  for  such  materialls  as  hee 
feared  could  not  be  had  in  Virginia,  and  without  which  they  could 
not  pceed  in  their  said  worke;  Hee  therfore  thought  good  to  pro- 
pose itt  to  the  Consideracon  of  this  Courte  that  hee  might  know  their 
further  pleasure  herein,  assuringe  them  that  ther  was  nothinge  lefte 
in  Stocke  to  discharge  so  great  a  Siime,  Whervppo  after  much  dispute 
aboute  itt,  Itt  was  att  length  moved  and  desired  that  if  the  Compa- 
nies stocke  were  no  ways  able  to  goe  through  with  so  greate  a  charge 
that  then  this  Courte  would  please  cleerly  to  release  Captaine  Norton  The  Bargaine 
of  his  former  Contract  and  to  yeild  the  same  bargaine  to  pryvate  ^^^^   ''""'    ^^r*'' 
Adventurers  y'  would  be  willinge  to  vndertake  the  same  w'=^  mocon  fel'tTnd  ^eft'fr^ 
was  generally  held  to  be  both  iust  and  resonable,  and  ther  vppon  the  toprinate  Aduent- 
same  beinge  accordinglie  putt  to  the  question  itt  was  agreed  w'*"  gen-  !r^d'^'*''^ne°^ 
erall  consent  y'  Captaine  Norton  should  therby  be  discharged  of  the 
said  contract  and  lefte  free  for  pryvate  Adventurers  to  entertaine  the 
said  bargaine  vppon  the  same  condicons  in  poynt  of  benifitt  that  the 
Comp*:  should  have  done. 

16455— VOL  1—06 -33 


512 


RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 


At  a  Courte  held  y*  16 :  of  Iuly  1621 


m'  Deputy. 
D'  Gulstone. 
m'  Wroth. 
m'  Gibbs. 
in''  Wrote. 
m'  Rob*  Smith, 
m''  Sandys, 
m'  Bromfeild. 


m'  Risley. 
m'  Rogers, 
m*^  Nieh :  Ferrar. 
m'  Parkhurst. 
m'  W"  Hickes. 
m'  Casewell. 
m'  Barbor. 
m'  Bull, 
m'  Darnelly. 

m'  Fogge. 

m'  Vyner. 

m*^  Palavacine. 

m'  Crossland. 

m'  ladwin. 

m"^  Lawne. 

w*"  divers  others. 


m'  Roberta, 
m'  WydowC. 
m"^  Bay  nam. 
m''  Hackett. 
m'  Bland, 
m'  Georg  Smith, 
m'  More  wood, 
m'  Newporte. 
m'  Harte. 


[255] 


Wheras  att  a  Courte  held  the  12***  of  this  plsent  monneth  the  bargaine 
made  w'*"  Captaine  Norton  and  the  Italyans  for  settinge  vpp  of  a 
Glasse  ffurnace  in  Virginia  for  makinge  of  Glasse  and  beads  was 
taken  into  serious  consideracon  and  findinge  the  charge  of  transport - 
inge  and  furnishinge  out  the  saide  workmen  with  their  servant?  wives 
and  Children  (being  in  all  eleven  psons)  w*"  apparrell,  victuall,  Tooles 
and  all  other  necessaries  would  come  to  a  farr  greater  some  then  was 
att  first  proposed  when  the  agreement  and  Contract  w""  Captaine 
Norton  was  first  made,  wherby  the  Companies  stocke  was  no  way  able 
to  vndergoe  the  burthen  of  this  new  charge  in  so  much  as  this  buisi- 
nes  for  want  of  sufficient  means  was  like  to  fall  to  nothing 


JULY  16, 1621  513 

Itt  "was  therfore  now  moved  that  seeinge  the  Company  were  not  able 

to  goe  through  w'"  itt,  itt  might  be  lefte  free  to  pryvate  Adventurers 

to  vndertake  the  same   vppon  like  condicons  in  pointe  of  pfitt  as 

they  should  have  done ;  vnto  this  mocon  (so  iust  and  reasonable)  the 

Courte  did  willinglie  assent  and  by  their  said  order  did  release  and  '^^^  bargaUe 

quite  discharge  the  said  Captaine  Norton  of  his  §former§  Contract  tonentertajTiedby 

with  the  Company;  Hervppon  the  said  bargaine  beinge  a  new  enter-  po'uate  Aduent- 

tayned  by  certaine  adventurers  now  present  they  did  now  acquainte  '^™' 

this  Courte  that  itt  was  not  their  intent  therby  vtterly  to  exclude  the 

Company  from  a  buisiness  of  this  speciall  consequence  vnto  them  aU 

(seeinge  the  Comoditie  of  Beads  was  like  to  proue  the  Verie  Coyne  of 

that  Country) ,  and  therfore  intendinge  to  raise  a  loynt  Stocke  of  at 

least  400"  the  better  to  accomplish  so  good  a  worke  they  have  agi'eed 

among  themselvs  that  the  Company  should  com  in  for  a  fowerth  parte  The  Comp*  to 

of  the  said  charge,  and  therfore  moved  that  for  the  bette"  advancem'  "^"^  ™  ^°^  *  ■*"' 

"    '  parte. 

of  the  said  worke  and  encourragment  of  the  said  Adventuro"  therin. 
That  the  Court  would  please  to  graunt  him  these  pposicons  followinge. 

First  y*  the  said  Adventurers  might  have  a  Patent  of  the  said  Glasse  To  haue  a  Patent 
Furnace  for  seaven  years  for  the  sole  makinge  of  Glasse  and  Beades.  ^*"^ ''  ^^"' 

Secondly  y'  they  might  have  50  Acres  of  Land  for  every  psonn  they  To  haue  so  Acres 
should  transporte  vppon  this  buisiness,  and  y'  the  Comp*:  would  give  °  ^""l,'""^  ^^rii 
them  their  pt  of  the  Land.  transporte.' 

They  desire  itt  may  now  likewise  be  pmised  and  att  the  next  Quarter  The  Sole  makinge 
Courte  confirmed  that  the  Sole  makinge  and  transportinge  of  Soade  ''1.  '^°*^,t^'j  \*^" 
beinge  a  materiall  of  speciall  vse  in  makinge  of  Glasse  may  be  appro-  for  7  years. 
priated  vnto  them  for  7:  years. 

Lastly  they  desire  for  the  better  releife  and  Comforte  of  their  people  thaty*GnePthon!.e 
that  the  Guest  house  w"*"  m''  Whittacres  hath  built  may  be  appoynted  whilaire^  imv  u- 
for  entertaynm'  of  their  people  some  two  monneths  after  their  first  appoynted  for  the 
landinge  y*  they  may  be  able  to  build  theire  houses,  and  this  may  be  entertaynment  of 
specially  reeofnended  to  the  care  of  the  Gouernor  to  see  itt  done ;  All 
w°^  proposicons  the  Court  takinge  into  due  consideracon  conceived 


514  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

to  be  very  reasonable  and  beinge  putt  to  the  question  did  willingly 
condiscend  vnto  them  and  pmised  further  that  they  should  be  reco- 
iuended  to  the  next  Quarter  Court  for  confirmacon. 

some  to  be  de-  The  Said  Adventurers  moved  likewise  y*  some  might  be  deputed  for 
piited  for  y"  Com-  ^j^^  Comu" :  and  advise  w""  them  aboute  the  well  orderinge  &  manag- 

tlflll  V     to     ^Q  11  ISC 

ai,oute  r  "ell  or-  iuge  of  the  Same,     To  w"*"  end  the  Court  noiated  these  that  follow  vizt: 

deringe  of  y'  eatne 

m'  Deputy.  m'  Covell. 

m'  Keightley.  m"^  Barkham. 

D'  Winstone.  m^  Wheatley. 

m'  Cranmer.  m"'  Bolton, 

m'  Barnarde.  m^  Cuffe. 

who  are  appoynted  to  meete  to  morrow  in  the  afternoone.     [256] 

if  any  will  aduen-  The  Said  Adveuturers  did  likewise  offer  that  if  any  other  would  com 
'"'^'^.  be  admitted ^  in  with  their  Adventure  of  x"  a  peec  for  neither  lesse  nor  more  was 

resolved  to  be  paid  towards  this,  between  this  and  thursday  next  they 

should  be  admitted. 

2  of  y'  Comp*  &  j^^  ^^^g  Jikewise  moved  and  thought  fitt  y*  two  of  the  Company  and 
meet"&  sett  downs  six  of  y"  Said  Adveuturers  should  meet  att  their  first  leasure  ftod  §to§ 
some  instnicconB  consider  and  sett  downe  some  Instruccons  for  Captaine  Norton  for 
or   ap'.  orton.    j^.^  better  direccou  in  the  managinge  of  the  said  Glasse  worke. 

in'  Nicho:  Ferrar  rp^^  ^^-^  Adveuturers  made  choyce  of  m'  Nicho :  Ferrar  to  be  their 
'  Thfer  whome  they  entreated  very  earnestly  y'  hee  would  not  refuse 
to  doe  that  favoure. 

The  Aduenturers  j|-^  ^^g  likewise  moved  y'  the  said  Adventurers  would  please  to  pay 
Bcripf-on's.    '      '  i^  their  subscripcons  between  this  «fe  Thursday  next  for  the  more 
speedie  dispatch  away  of  Captaine  Norton  and  the  said  Glassmen. 

4  seueraii  Rolls  ffower  scuerall  Rolls  Were  now  read  and  offered  to  such  as  would 

to  such  as  will  please  to  vnderwrite  The  ffirst  beinge  for  a  Magazine  of  Apparrell, 

Vnderwrite  and  other  necessary  pvisions  such  as  the  Colony  stood  in  great  need 

of ;  The  Second  for  sendinge  of  100 :  mayds  to  be  made  wives ;  The 


JULY  16,1621  515 

third  for  the  advancement  of  the  Glasse  ffurnace  as  hath  been  for- 
merly menconed ;  The  ffowerth  was  for  the  settinge  out  of  a  Voyadge 
to  trade  with  the  Indians  in  Virginia  for  Furrs,  It  beinge  certainely 
enformed  by  m'  Chamberlyn  &  others  and  now  of  late  from  the 
Gouerno''  and  Counsell  of  State  in  Virginia  of  the  great  trade  of  Furrs 
w'^'"  the  French  and  Dutch  have  yearly  made  in  Lawarr  and  Hudsons 
Riuer  some  20 :  or  30  Leagues  in  distance  from  the  Sotherne  Plantacon 
to  their  incredible  gaine  and  wealth;  ffor  better  pformance  of  w^*" 
voyadge  a  means  woulde  now  be  found  to  doe  itt  att  a  less  charge  then 
att  other  times. 

These  said  good  vndertakmgC  were  generally  approved  of  and  moved  Direccona  to  be 
many  then  present  to  vnderwrite  in  the  said  Rolls,  And  for  the  better  ^'."^°  '°  ^^  ^°"  ' 
furtherance  and  advancement  of  this  Accon  itt  was  moved  &  thought 
fitt  y'  direccon  should  be  given  to  the  Gouernor  to  afforde  his  best 
assistance  herein. 

The  said  Adventurers  have  made  choyse  of  m'  Blany  to  be  their  "'' ,  ^'^^J"  *°  ^ 
ffacto'  or  Agent  to  trade  with  the  Indians  for  Furrs,  and  for  this    """  ^ 
purpose  allso  m'  Bland  hath  vndertaken  to  pcure  one  to  ioyne  with 
him  that  is  verie  skillfull  in  those  kinde  of  Comodities  if  the  Adven- 
turers think  so  good. 

Itt  was  moved  that  seeinge  m'  lohn  Peirce  had  taken  a  Patent  of  S'  "^'  ^'^'fce  his  Pat- 

Ferdinando  Gorge  and  ther  vppon  seated  his  Company  w^'in  the  ^"*'°  "*' 

lymitC  of  the  Northerne  Plantacon  as  by  some  was  supposed  wherby 

hee  seemed  to  relinquish  the  benifitt  of  the  Patent  hee  tooke  of  this 

Company  that  therfore  his  said  patent  might  be  called  in  vnlesse  itt 

might  appeare  hee  would  begin  to  Plante  w"'in  the  lymittC  of  the 

Sotherne  Colony,  Herevppon  the  Courte  appoynted  m'  RobertC,  m' 

George  Smith,  and  m''  Webb  to  treate  with  m"^  Peirce  aboute  itt  and 

certifie  att  the  next  Courte  what  aunswere  they  should  receave  frome 

him.'     [257] 

ffor  so  much  as  the  Phisieons  place  to  the  Company  was  now  become 
voyde  by  reason  of  the  vntimely  death  of  Doctor  Bohune  slaiue  in 

'The  settlement  in  the  Northern  Plantation  was  at  Plvmouth. 


516  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

the  ffight  with  two  Spanish  Ships  of  Warr  the  iQ""  of  March  last; 
Doctor  Gulstone  did  now  take  occasion  to  recomend  vnto  the  Com- 
m'  Pott<  enter-  panj  for  the  said  place  one  m'  PottC  a  M''  of  Artes  and  as  hee  afirmed 
tayned  for  y'  Phi-  -^ypif  practised  in  Chirurgerie  and  Phisique,  and  expert  allso  in  Dis- 
sicons  p  ace.  tillinge  of  waters  and  that  hee  had  many  other  ingenious  devices  soe 
as  hee  supposed  his  service  would  be  of  great  vse  vnto  the  Colony  in 
Virginia,  but  prayed  y'  wheras  Doctor  Bohune  was  tyed  by  his  Con- 
tract to  supply  such  of  his  Tenants  as  should  dy  after  the  first  year 
att  his  owue  charge  that  m'  PottC  might  be  released  of  that  Covenant 
beinge  too  strict  and  ouer  hard  as  hee  supposed,  butt  ittwasaunswered 
itt  was  not  in  the  power  of  any  other  butt  a  Quarter  Courte  to  reverse 
or  alter  the  same  butt  should  allwaies  finde  the  Company  in  all  thingC 
verie  reasonable  to  all  well  deservinge  men,  and  therfor  if  m"'  PottC 
would  accept  of  the  place  vppon  the  same  condicons  as  Doctor  Bohune 
did  hee  should  be  entertayned  and  for  his  better  content  should  be 
specially  recommended  to  the  Gouernor  to  be  well  accoinodated  and 
should  have  a  Chest  of  Phisique  of  20"  charge  vnto  the  Company  and 
all  thingC  thervnto  apptayninge  together  w"'  10"  in  Books  of  Phisique 
w""  should  allwaies  belonge  vnto  the  Company,  w""  Chest  of  Phisique 
and  Books  Doctor  Gulstone  was  desyred  to  buy,  and  seeinge  hee 
intended  to  carry  ouer  w'"  him  his  wife  a  man  and  a  mayde  they  should 
have  their  transporte  freed  and  if  one  or  more  Chirurgions  could  be 
gott  they  likewise  should  have  their  passage  freed,  w""  Condicons  m' 
Pott  havinge  accepted  of  was  referred  to  the  Comittees  to  be  further 
treated  &  concluded  with. 

S'  Fraunces  Wy-  Itt  was  signified  that  S'  Frauncis  WyattC  brother  beinge  a  M'  of  ArtC 
attc  i)rother enter-  ^^^j  ^  good  Diviuc  and  Very  willinge  to  goe  w*"  him  this  present  Voy- 

tavned   for    Mvn-      ,  •    ,  ^   i  ^      ^  i  t        i  i  T./r       •    x  i  •  i 

igter  adge,  might  be  entertayned  and  placed  as  Mynister  ouer  his  people 

and  have  y"  same  allowance  towards  the  furnishinge  of  himselfe  w**" 
necessaries  as  others  have  hadd,  and  that  his  wife  might  have  her 
transporte  freed,  w"*"  moconwas  thought  verie  reasonable  and  ordered 
by  ereccon  of  hand^  that  hee  should  be  entertayned  and  haue  the 
place  hee  desyred  and  the  same  ||like||  allowance  of  monny  graunted 
vnto  m'  Bolton  lately  entertayned. 


JULY  16,1621  517 

Captaine  Welden  moved  y'  hee  might  have  leave  payinge  his  f raight  p^p'  Leiden?  mo- 

to  take  out  his  Tobacco  now  brought  home  in  the  Duty  wherby  hee  Tobacco  brought 

might  sell  the  same  to  his  best  advantage,  butt  itt  was  obiected  that  home  in  >•*  Duty 

hee  must  first  take  order  to  sattisfie  the  Company  for  the   §great§  Paying  his  fraight 

charge  they  were  att  in  transportinge  and  furnishinge  himselfe  and 

two  servants  att  his  first  goinge  to  Virginia  for  w"**  hee  was  by  coue- 

nant  to  have  stayed  in  the  Companies  service  for  seaven  years  wheras 

hee  had  continued  butt  two  years,  and  came  away  without  their  leave, 

and  yett  had  given  no  accompt  vnto  the  Company  for  that  time  for  w'''' 

hee  pltended  some  excuse  and  withall  offered  that  for  somuch  charge 

as  the  Company  were  att  for  him  (w"*"  hee  guessed  to  be  some  44"  or 

ther  about^)  hee  was  contented  that  m"'  Swaine  should  sell  so  much 

of  his  Tobacco  as  should  aunswere  the  said  debt  vntill  the  matters  in 

difference  were  decided,  and  ordered,  w""  this  offer  the  Courte  [258] 

was  contented  for  the  plsent  to  release  his  Tobacco  and  ordered  y* 

direccon  should  be  given  to  m"^  Swayne  to  make  sale  of  so  much 

Tobacco  as  should  amount  to  the  said  some  of  44"  to  be  made  ouer  to 

the  Company. 

m'  Wrote  acquainted  y®  Courte  y*  haveinge  taken  into  considei-aeon  ™'  ^roxe.  offered 

the  plsent  State  of  the  Companies  Stocke  and  knowinge  ||it|l  to  be  ^'J  ^j^j^  ^'"^p^^^ 

vtterly  exhausted  and  that  all  means  of  supply  for  the  present  are  c 

altogether  seased  hee  conceaved  itt  to  be  a  pt  of  his  dutie  to  offer  vnto 

this  Honorable  Courte  such  of  his  concepcons  as  may  for  the  plsent 

supply  the  Companies  necessitie  w'"  great  plenty  &  defray  ordinary 

charjies. 

ffirst  therfor  hee  ppounded  that  wheras  ther  are  divers  comodities  in  ^'"'«  ComodiUes 
Virginia  of  good  value  in  themselvs  w""  by  the  ouermuch  greedines  of  vaiu?'in*t°hl ra- 
the Plante"  have  beyonnd  all  moderacon  been  sent  ouer  in  that  aboun  -  seiues  to  be  appro- 
dance  as  the  price  of  them  is  so  abased  as  they  will  hardly  discharge  p''"'^'"'"^  '•»  y' 
the  fraight    And  are  now  vnpfitable  both  to  the  Adventurers  and 
Planters,  and  for  instance  hee  named  that  of  Saxafras  heretofore  of 
good  value  and  now  not  worth  any  thinge,  that  therfore  hearafter 
divers  of  these  Comodities  may  be  appropriated  to  the  Company  and 
tearmed  the  Companies  Comodities ;  Amongst  these  hee  propounded 


518  RECORDS   OF  THE  YIROINIA  COMPANY 

Saxafras  for  one,  and  three  other  or '  more  of  such  Comodities  as  wilbe 
of  good  vahie  if  they  might  be  brought  ouer  sparingly  and  the  pro- 
porcon  lymitted. 

The  Vbc  and  end  j^nd  that  neither  the  Planter  nor  Adventurer  may  *  iustly  eondempne 
*™  the  appropriatinge  of  these  Comodities  hee  did  likewise  propound  the 

vse  and  end  of  them,  hee  wished  therfore  that  the  benefitt  hereby 
accuriuge  may  be  imployed  in  buildinge  of  Churches,  Hospitalls  in 
fabricke  of  the  Colledge  in  publique  libraries  for  the  vse  of  Mynisters 
in  supply  of  Preachers  in  cause  of  death  or  their  returne  into  England 
In  ffortyfycacon,  Armes  Powder  and  Municou,  in  erectinge  new 
Officers  necessary  for  the  gou9ment  of  the  Plantacon,  especially  for 
establishinge  CourtC  of  Justice,  in  buildinge  of  Ships,  Galleys,  & 
Shallops  for  Defence  Trade  and  Discouery,  In  defi'ayinge  the  Charges 
of  the  Counsell  of  State  in  Virginia  att  their  seuerall  Quarter  Ses- 
sionnC  In  buildinge  of  Bridges,  makinge  of  Highwayes,  and  Aqua- 
ductC  C'  And  that  this  may  continue  for  seaven  years  onely  or  till  the 
publique  Revennues  be  advanced,     And  that  the  Colony  may  ratefie 

A  Select  Comittee  this  att  their  generall  assembly.     And  that  a  select  Comittee  may  be 

to  consider  hereof     ,  .  •  -y         a  n  -i  •  ^xi  j.iiij. 

chosen  to  consider  herof ,  and  power  given  to  them  to  add  alter  or 
diminish  what  they  please.  And  so  corrected  bringe  itt  to  y*  Courte 
And  if  itt  shall  then  be  approved  to  receive  a  full  confirmacon  in  a 
Quarter  Courte  ||all  w'^''  hee  humbly  submitted  to  the  censure  of  this 
Court.  II  Whervppon  the  Court  conceavinge  itt  to  be  a  matter  of  great 
importance  and  worthy  of  Consultacon  comitted  the  same  to  y®  con- 
sideracon  &  advise  of. 

S'  lohn  Dauers.  m'  Case  well. 

m'  Wroth.  m''  Abrah:  Chamberlyn. 

m'  Deputy.  m'  D''  Gulstone. 

m"'  Wrote.  Doctor  Winston. 

m'  Gibbs.  m^  Widowes. 

m'  Darnelly.  m'  Ayres. 

m'  Wiseman. 

who  are  desy  red  to  meete  about  itt  when  m'  Deputy  shall  appoynte .  [259] 

'  Written  over  the  word  "of"  by  the  copyist. 

'The  letter  "y"  written  over  the  letters  "eh"  by  the  copyist. 


JULY  16,1621  519 

m'  Wrote  further  signified  that  wheras  the  reputacon  of  this  Hono^e .  m'  wrot?  deciara- 
Company  hath  by  many  sinister  courses  and  iniurious  Calumnies  been  coursee'A  i'muries 
blemished,  (w'^'^as  a  memb''  of  this  Company  hee  could  not  but  resent)  Calumnies  «">  y,-^ 
yett  the  greatest  obliquie  that  hath  been  layd  vppon  itt  hath  been  the  '^"  ^"^°''''-  ''^^'' 

J  c>  M  J  r  r  been  abused 

imoderate  prizes  that  our  Comodities  hath  been  vented  att,  wherin 
the  Charitable  and  pious  intention  of  good  men  hath  been  extreamly 
wrested  and  traduced,  for  avoydinge  wherof  hee  propounded,  ffirst 
that  accordinge  to  former  orders  that  such  Cape  marchantC  as  have 
abused  their  trust  and  transgressed  their  Instruceons  may  reeeave 
exemplary  punishment,  And  for  the  future  to  prevent  scandall  that 
ther  be  a  course  taken  to  decry  the  price  of  Tobacco  in  Virginia,  as 
beinge  the  onely  couller  they  have  to  make  good  their  assereons,  for 
that  Comoditie  is  become  their  monny  and  is  valued  att  3'  the  pound 
certaine,  (be  itt  good  or  badd)  wherby  they  are  nourished  in  that 
thirstles  and  pnicious  humor  of  plantinge  Tobacco:  and  the  evill 
returnes  they  make  they  attribute  still  to  the  oppression  of  the 
Adventurers  here  never  consideringe  the  basenes  of  their  Comodities 
and  the  infinite  losse  the  Company  have  susteyned  by  itt,  this  beinge 
not  onely  the  Destruccons  of  more  then  halfe  the  last  Magazine  adven- 
ture but  the  consumpcon  allso  of  well  nigh  all  the  Companies  Stocke 
by  sendinge  the  last  supply  of  Prentizes  and  maydC  for  w"''  the 
Planters  have  repayd  them  againe  in  nothinge  butt  Tobacco  att  3° 
p  pound :  And  ye#fe  notwithstandinge  the  publique  Declaracon  of  the 
Company  and  pryvate  informacon  by  publique  §frequent§  Ires  and 
otherwise  of  the  base  estimacon  and  price  of  the  Comoditie  and  of 
their  desire  to  be  repayd  in  other  Comodities,  yett  such  is  their 
opinion  of  this  alone  as  itt  hath  not  been  possible  hetherto  to  awake 
them  out  of  this  straunge  dreame ;  Hee  therf ore  advised  that  besides 
the  decry inge  of  Tobacco  some  course  be  taken  that  some  other  Com- 
oditie may  be  made  their  Coyne  and  that  Tobacco  might  be  vented  as 
as  marchandize  onely  of  no  certayne  price  butt  accordinge  to  the 
goodnes,  this  hee  desyred  might  be  Comitted  as  the  former;  Wher- 
vppon  the  Courte  ordered  that  the  former  Comittee  should  take  itt 
into  their  Consideracon  and  certifie  their  opinions  what  they  should 
thinke  fitt  to  be  done  therin. 


520  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

The   Planters  to  j^t  was  likewise  moved  that  wheras  ther  was  sent  hertof ore  50 :  Boyes 
rrSdlleloTfun  in  the  Duty  w-^"  cost  the  Company  500":  for  w'="  r  Planters  repayd 
value  of  10"  a  per-  them  in  ^(^  waight  of  Tobacco  att  3'  p  pound  ratinge  itt  att  10"  a  boy 
son  for  y  50  Boys  ^^.ch  Tobacco  beiugc  sould  by  the  Company  they  could  hardly  reach  to 
5"  the  Boy  that  therfore  order  might  be  taken  to  cause  such  of  the 
Planters  as  had  the  said  Boyes  to  make  vpp  a  full  allowance  of  the 
rest  to  the  iust  rate  and  valuacon  of  iO"  the  psoun  as  itt  stood  the  Com- 
pany vet  II in II :  w*  mocon  was  very  well  approved  of  and  ordered  that 
a  present  Course  should  be  taken  to  require  the  said  pporcon  of  the 
Planters  that  the  Company  might  not  be  loosers  in  the  Disbiu'sment 
of  their  monny  to  their  vse  &  benifitt.     [260] 

Counseiio"  chosen  Whcras  Credible  informacon  hath  been  given  of  the  Death  of  Doctor 

inpteedofDoct:  goj^^Qg  j^r  Quldsworth,  and  m'  Tracy  late  chosen  to  be  of  the  Coun- 

wnith'and   m'  scll  of  State  in  Virginia,  The  Courte  now  thought  fitt  and  requisite 

Tracye.  in  supply  of  them  to  make  addieon  of  other  gentlemen  vizd,  m'  Pott, 

m''  Leech  m''  Paulett  mynister  and  Captaine  Roger  Smith  to  be  as 

pvisionalls  Councelloi-s  till  they  may  receave  confirmacon  att  the  next 

Quarter  Court  and  their  names  be  incerted  in  the  Comissions, 

TheWiddowGun-  The  Peticon  of  Widdow  Gunston  was  now  read  and  ordered  that  itt 
stones  Peticon  re-  ^^^  ghould  be  referred  to  some  of  the  Counsell  and  Comittee  to  call 

f<Td  tosomeof  the  ^  nn  -i         c^^    ■       t       o  ^ 

Gounseii  C".  Hi''  Damirou  and  other  the  onicers  of  the  Ship  before  them  to  examine 
them  touchinge  eertaine  book<  and  notes,  touchinge  Beniamyne  Gun- 
stone  her  husband  deceased  concerninge  his  wholl  estate  w*""  shee  sayth 
came  to  the  hands  of  the  said  Damiron  and  others  and  now  deteyned 
by  them  from  her,  as  likewise  agreat  pt  of  her  husbands  estate. 

Themonyforpay-  m'  Deputy  signified  that  wheras  the  Tryalk  fraight  was  nowe  to  be 
infce  r  Ty "«  payd  w-^^  came  to  240"  or  theraboutC  one  m'  Couell  had  attached  the 

iiaiKlit    attached  '^     ~ 

by  III' Couell  said  monny  vntill  bee  might  be  certified  §sattisfied§  for  eertaine  goods 
ni'  Morer  content-  dcliuered  to  the  M'  of  the  said  Ship :  ffor  somuch  as  m"'  Morer  pt 
ed  that  defaicacon  Q^^cr  of  the  Said  Ship  beiugc  now  plsent  did  signifie  y'  hee  was  con- 

Hhould   be    made  i     i         i-v    <.   i  i         i  i  i  t>> 

vnto  him  tcutcd  that  Defalcacou  should  be  made  vnto  him  for  the  said  Debt ;  Itt 

was  agreed  and  ordered  that  the  mony  should  be  payd. 


JULY '2 J,,  1621 


521 


At  a  Court  helde  24  Iulij  1621 


S'  lohn  Dauers. 

m"'  Deputie. 

m'^  Wroth. 

m'  Gibbs. 

m''  Wrote. 

m"'  George  Sandys. 

Doctor  Gulstone. 

Doctor  Winstone. 

Doctor  Anthony. 

m'  Keightley. 


m''  Nicho:  Ferrar. 
m'  Shepparde. 
Cap'  Bargraue. 
Cap'  Martin, 
m"^  Barbor. 
m'  Blande. 
m^  Bull, 
m'  Swinhoe. 
m'  Casewell. 
m'  Darnelly. 


m''  Wyddowes. 
m'  Baynam. 
m"'  Couell. 
m'  Edwards, 
m"'  Harte. 
m'  Moore  wood, 
m"'  Taylor, 
m"'  Georg  Smith 
m'  Martin, 
w""  others. 


M'  Wrote  signified  to  the  Company  that  hee  had  receaved  informacon 
from  a  frend  of  his  by  letter  that  the  Collection  monny  w"^  was  gath- 
ered in  the  Countie  of  Norfolke  towards  y"  buildinge  [201]  of  a  Col- 
ledge  and  Church  in  Virginia  was  payd  ouer  vnto  m'  Doctor  leggon  xhe  Secretary  to 
then  B'' :  of  Norwich  who  dyed  soone  after  wherby  itt  is  conceaved  repaire  to  >•'  Pre- 
that  all  that  monny  remaynes  still  in  the  hands  of  his  executo"  vnac-  search"^ who *^Vas 
coumpted  for  whervppon  the  Court  ordered  that  the  Secretary  for  the  executor  of  Doct-. 
Company  should  repayre  to  the  Prerogative  Office  to  search  who  those  ^^°"  ^'-  °^  ^°^' 
were  that  were  appoynted  executo"  by  the  sayd  B"* : 

Itt  was  likewise  signified  that  one  m'  Anthony  Wythers  out  of  an  a  Rich  Como«iity 

earnest  desyre  to  further  the  Plantacon  had  vndertaken  to  pcure  out  ^■"'"^^'^  of  t';>^' Lo^^" 

01  y"  Low  Countries  a  very  rich  Comoditie  to  be  planted  m  Virginia  withers. 

as  allsoe  men  skillfull  for  the  orderiuge  therof  w''*'  if  itt  tooke  that 

effect  as  was  hoped,  would  exceediuglie  advance  the  Plantacon  in 

matter  of  pfitt    Itt  was  therfore  moved  that  in  gratificacon  of  his 

good  endeavo"  herein  the  Court  would  please  to  admitt  him  a  free  m'  wiUiers  made 

brother  of  the  Company  w"""  request  was  thought  very  reasonable  and  ^""^^ 

beinge  putt  to  the  Question  was  assented  vnto  by  ereccon  of  hands ; 


522  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

And  for  that  itt  was  moved  that  this  Comoditie  might  be  one  of  those 
that  were  thought  fitt  to  be  appropriated  onely  to  the  Company. 
Itt  was  referred  to  the  Comittee  formerly  appoynted  for  this  pticularr 
buisines  to  take  itt  into  their  consideracou  and  cei'tifie  their  opinions 
touchinge  the  same. 

m'  Sachiuereii  to  \\\^  ^as  allso  moved  that  for  so  much  as  m"'  Sachiuerell  who  went  ou9 
^''^'ofhimsl'ife'^  heretofore  to  Virginia  att  the  Companies  charge  had  now  againe 
repayde  the  Company  as  well  for  the  charge  of  his  passage  w''"'  was  6" 
as  allso  for  the  charge  of  his  settinge  outt  w"*"  was  20  nobles  that  ther- 
fore  hee  might  be  sett  free  and  att  liberty  to  dispose  of  himselfe, 
The  Courte  conceivinge  this  to  be  a  sute  very  reasonable  graunted  his 
reqiiest  accordingly. 

The  3  comissions  The  three  Comissions  formerly  ordered  to  be  graunted  to  the  Gouer- 

Thre/&  secr^C''"^  ^^^"i  Thfcr,  and  Secretary  of  State  in  Virginia,  as  allso  the  Instruccons 

and  one  other  Comission  for  the  place  of  Vice  Admirall  graunted  to 

1  other  Comission  ^r  Jq]^^  Pountice  beingc  now  presented  to  the  Courte  were  read  and 

to  m'  Pountice  or-  . 

dered  to  be  sealed  approved  and  Order  given  to  m'  Deputy  to  affix  the  seale  vnto  everie 
of  them,  and  farther  ordered  that  Duplycates  of  each  of  them  should 
be  sent  by  the  next  Shipp.' 

CaptaineBargrane  The  Comittcec  ftpp  appoyutcd  to  hear  the  diffirence  between  Cap*: 

an     ap     a  ine.  ^.^^^^^Xi^^  and  Captaiuc  Martin  haveinge  now  made  reporte  of  their 

pceedings  touchinge  the  same,  Itt  was  signified  that  my  Lord  of  South  - 

My  Lo:  of  South:  amptou  bcingc  dcsirous  to  accorde  the  differences  had  been  pleased  to 

Barraue  chose^  appoyut  that  Cap'  Bargrauc  should  make  choyse  of  2  for  his  pt  to 

to  debate  y  cause  debate  the  said  cause  [262]  before  him,  and  himselfe  would  be  Vmpyer 

andhe  tobe  vm- |.]^gj.^^^  The  Courte  couceaviuge  this  to  be  the  fayrest  and  likelyest 

course  that  could  be  propounded  to  give  a  fynall  end  thervnto  they 

1 1  hath  1 1  therfore  left  it  wholly  to  that  course  his  L^:  had  ppounded. 

M"'  Deputy  signified  that  haveinge  plsented  to  the  Ea  of  Southampton 
the  4  RolK  of  pchment  whervnto  divers  had  subscribed  testifyinge 
therby  their  Zeale  and  constant  resolucon  to  advance  the  Plantacon 
(notwithstandinge  the  many  discourragment^  they  had  receaved)  as 

'  These  Instructions  and  a  letter  to  the  Governor  and  council  in  Virginia  are  mentioned  in  List  of 
Records,  Nos.  261  and  262,  page  149,  anie. 


JUL  Y  U,  1621  523 

allso  acquainted  his  Lo'' :  with  the  5  RolK  proposed  since  for  sendinge 

Shipwrights,  and  other  principall  ||worke||  men  for  makinge  Ships, 

BoatC  and  other  Vesselk  wherof  the  Collony  had  great  need  growinge 

now  to  be  populus  and  haveinge  plenty  of  materialls  for  Shippinge, 

soe  as  they  onely  wanted  Artiste  to  make  vse  of  the  same ;  Itt  pleased  ^ly  Lo:  of  South- 

his  Lo":  in  furtherance  of  soe  worthie  ProiectC  to  subscribe  for  pay-  *°-v^J,°LMf."^', 

i     J       scnbed,  200"  to  y' 

ment  of  no  less  then  200''  for  his  Lop°  pt,  w""  Rolk  beinge  presented  RoIIs 
likewise  to  S'  Edwin  Sandys  itt  pleased  him  allso  to  subscribe  for  ^l  Eviwin^Sandys 
payment  of  the  like  Sum. 

M''  Doctor  Gulstone  moved  in  the  behalf e  of  Doctor  PottS  chosen  for  lo"  allowed  to 
the  Phisicions  place  vppon  his  recomendacon  that  the  Comp* :  would  ^"^'^  ^°" 
further  please  att  his  request  to  bestowe  vppon  him  some  10"  for  his 
necessary  provision  for  the  present  Voyadge  w"*"  the  Courte  takinge 
into  consideracon  was  pleased  to  allowe  him  his  Demaund  the  better 
to  encourrage  him  to  pforme  the  service  hee  hadd  vndertaken  for  the 
generall  good  of  the  Collony. 

A  request  beinge  made  in  the  behalf  e  of  m'  Richard  Toppinge  Cittizen  a  request  in  j-'be- 
and  Brownebaker  of  London  that  the  Court  would  please  to  take  into  ^'4^!,°'  ™'  ^"^'^" 
their  Custody  an  acquittance  vnder  his  hand  and  Seale  for  a  Debt  due 
vnto  him  in  Virginia  from  m'  lohnn  Pollington,  and  to  send  him  the 
said  Pollyngton  a  true  Coppie  therof  vnder  the  hand  of  m''  Deputy 
Ferrar:  This  Courte  herevppon  appoynted  the  Secretary  to  keep  in 
saffty  y"  originall  acquittance  and  to  vnderwrite  their  order  to  the 
Coppie  of  the  said  acquittance  vnder  m'  Deputies  hand  for  the  better 
sattisfyinge  as  well  of  m''  Toppinge  (least  the  acquittance  vnder  his 
hand  might  miscarry)  as  allso  of  m'  Pollyngton  that  theris  no  ill 
meaninge  towards  him  in  retayninge  the  Originall  and  sendinge  butt 
the  Coppie  therof  vnto  him.     [263] 

Vppon  m' Cartel's  mocon  the  Court  pmitted  him  to  passe  ouer  two  m' Carter  i;  share 
shares  of  Land  in  Virginia  the  one  vnto  Rowland  Trueloueof  London  !°  ^*''''^">d  Tru- 

~  lone  — 1:  share  to 

Clothworker  The  other  vnto  Tobias  Coop  of  London  Clothier  the  said  Tobias  Cooper. 
Shares  beinge  pcell  of  the  40  Shares  assigned  vnto  him  by  the  Lady 
Lawarr  with  the  allowance  of  the  Audito"  and  the  approbacon  of  a 
Preparatiue  Courte  held  for  Virginia  the  30'^  of  Aprill  last  past  1621 


524 


RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMRANY 


Itt  was  no"W  moved  that  for  soe  much  as  divers  gentlemen  were  gone 
into  the  Country  (aecordinge  to  their  vsuall  manner  att  this  time  of 
the  yeare)  and  for  that  the  Comp*:  had  now  ouercom  the  greatest  pt  of 
Ordinary    Court?  their  buisiuBS  that  therfore  the  ordinary  Courts  might  be  putt  of  and 
suspended  suspended  till  Michalmas  ^f"^  beinge  putt  to  the  question  was  generally 

assented  vnto  Provided  nevertheless  that  if  ther  should  be  cause  to 
call  an  extraordinary  Court  itt  might  be  pmitted,  As  allso  itt  was  held 
fitt  y'  y"  Comittee  should  have  power  to  treat  and  conclude  w""  such 
Mynisters  as  should  off  err  themselvs  to  goe  for  the  service  of  the  Col- 
lony  vjDpon  the  same  tearms  and  condicons  as  others  formerly  had 
done. 

Vppon  mocon  order  was  given  to  m'  Deputy  to  scale  such  Comisions 
as  were  to  be  graunted  to  Maisters  of  Ships  bound  for  Virginia. 


Att  a  meetinge  of  y''  Magazine  Aduenturers 
T"'  27  luLij  1621 


m"^  Alderman  lohnson. 
S^  lo :  Wolstenholme. 
m'  Deputy  Ferrar. 
m^  Wroth, 
m'  Wrote. 
m'  Gibbs. 


Present 

m"^  Barnard, 
m"'  Swinhoe. 
m^  Blande. 
m'  Chamberline. 
m'  Essington. 
m"^  Rogers. 


m^  Bull. 

m''  Wiseman. 

m*^  Darnelly. 

m'  Case  well. 

m"'  ladwin. 

w"'  dive"  others. 


m'  Fotherv.y  as-  j^t  is  agreed  and  ordered  that  Henry  Fotherby  Servant  to  S'  Thomas 

monny  '^  ^"'^'^^'^^  Smith  shalbc  assigned  by  the  Adventurers  to  receive  such  monneys  as 

are  now  due  by  Aldermann  lohnson  w''*'  is  near  aboute. . . .  200"  00: 00 

And  of  m^  Leete 281 :15 :00 

of  m^  Essington 100:00:00 

of  m'  W"  Caninge 092:10:00 

of  m'  George  Smith 097:02:04 


JULY  27,  1621  525 


[264]     ffor  the  payment  of  a  bond  of  600"  with  the  interest  to  one  m"  6oo"w^ y*  interest 
lane  lohnson  a  Dutchwoman 
to  the  said  Adventuror's  vse. 


lane  lohnson  a  Dutchwoman  and  the  ouerplus  to  be  reserved  in  Cash  lohnwn''^'     " 


Itt  is  agreed  further  that  m''  Alderman  accordinge  to  his  owne  offer  ■"'  Alderman  to 
shall  have  the  Sassafras  att  30'  price  p  Cent :  Provided  nevertheless  ^f 3^  ^  ^^^'^  '^' 
that  if  y"  said  Adventurers  can  w'^'in  a  moneths  time  have  a  better 
price  for  it  then  m''  Alderman  is  to  be  released  of  his  said  promise 
and  they  to  make  their  best  markett. 

Itt  is  allso  agreed  that  at  the  monneths  end  the  said  Sassafras  shalbe  The  sassafras  to  be 
weighed  out  and  m'  Alderman  is  to  pay  for  the  same  with  other  "  ^'^.,^^''  T'  ^ 

^  r-    J  nioneths  end  and 

monneys  due  by  him  and  others  in  January  next  for  the  sattisfiinge  r  monny  to  be 
of  a  bond  of  1000":  w'"  interest  to  the  Chamber  of  London;  And  p*'*^^ 
what  shalbe  wantinge  of  the  pceed  of  the  said  Sassafras  and  Debt^ 
to  make  vpp  the  said  bonds  w'"  interest  the  Adventm-ers  have  prom- 
ised to  make  good. 

Itt  is  allso  moved  that  lohn  De  Clark  shall  have  order  to  selly®  Mag-  lo  De  ciark  to  sell 
azine  Tobacco  att  5'  flemish  that  is  to  say  30  stivers  and  not  vnder  ^"  ^^^^'  '^''^'='^° 
butt  is  to  take  his  best  markett  for  advanceinge  the  said  price  as 
much  as  he  cann. 

M'' Alderman  lohnson,  and  m'  Essington,  made  complainte  against™'   Alderman 
Cap' :  Bargraue  for  haveinge  much  abused  them  in  his  sute  of  Chaun  -  gingtonr  c^p'"- 
eery  against  them  and  signified  that  bee  refused  last  Tearme  to  come  against    Captaine 
to  tryall  whervppon  they  had  made  a  mocon  against  him  and  hoped  ^*'^™"®- 
in  the  Courte  of  Chauncery  to  obteyne  a  good  end  att  the  next  Tearme 
requiringe  the  consent  of  the  Adventurers  thervnto  and  for  allowance 
of  Charges  of  the  sute  vppon  the  Magazine  Accompt  for  whose  bene- 
fitt  they  sued ;  The  Adventurers  Counsell  was  that  since  hee  refused 
to  pceed  they  should  seeke  to  have  itt  dismissed  in  y"  Chauncery  and 
take  their  course  att  Common  Law  against  Captaine  Bargrave  and 
for  allowance  of  charges  they  would  vppon  clearinge  of  Y  matter  doe 
accordinge  to  iustice  and  equitie. 

Memof :  that  the  Magazine  standeth  indebted  to  Martini  Himdred  -^lagazine  indebt- 


for  8  Cowes  sould  there  att  15"  p  Co  we.     [265] 


ed  for  S  Cowes  to 
Manin<  Hundred. 


526 


BECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 


A   COURTE   HELDE   Y^   15'^'':    OF   OCTOBER   1621 


S''  lohu  Dauers. 
S^  Phillip  Gary. 
S^  Hugh  Wirrall. 
in''  Deputy, 
m'  Gibbs. 
Doctor  Anthony, 
m'  Robert  Smith. 
m'  Shepparde. 
m'  Nicho :  Ferrar. 
Cap'  Bargraue. 
m'  Bynge. 
m"'  Meuerell. 
m'  Berkeley. 


m'  Steward, 
m"^  Palavicine. 
m'  Bland, 
m'  Berblock. 
m''  Barb  or. 
m'  Edwards, 
m'  Bennett, 
m'  Ay  res. 
m''  Wiseman. 
m'  Case  well, 
m'  Barnarde. 
m'  Bolton, 
m''  Atkins. 
m"'  Swinhow. 


m'  Widdowes. 

m''  Bayuam. 

m'  Sewarde. 

m"'  Rogers. 

m"'  Palmer. 

m''  Lambe. 

m''  Morrice. 

m"^  Hickforde. 

m'  lad  wine. 

m'  Webb. 

m^  Bull. 

m'  Whitley. 

m'  Georg  Smith. 

m'  Caninge. 

m'  Cuffe. 

m"'  Roberta  w""  others. 


ACompT:  madeto  ]y['  Deputy  signified  y'  the  occasion  of  callinge  this  Courte  was  to 
Com  "'^'  ha</'pett  acquainte  them  that  accordinge  to  a  message  receaved  from  the  LL' : 
vp  a  trade  at  Am-  of  the  Counscll  somc  of  the  Virginia  Company  had  appeared  before 
sterdam.  ^^iQiY  Lo"' :  the  12*''  of  this  present  monneth,  vnto  whome  the  LL": 

declared  y'  itt  was  complayned  vnto  that  Boord  y*  this  Company  had 
sett  vpp  a  trade  att  Amsterdam  and  brought  thither  all  their  Comodi- 
ties  from  Virginia,  they  therfore  now  required  to  know  the  Com- 
panies answere  wheither  or  noe  they  would  bringe  all  their  Comodities 
into  this  Kingdom  or  continue  their  Trade  there  att  Amsterdam. 

y'  they  neu9  send  ffor  Amsterdam  answere  was  made  that  they  never  sent  any  Comoa- 
rmstrrdam'  Tiu  ^^^^^  thither :  Butt  for  such  Tobacco  as  came  from  Virginia  this  year 
carry suchTobaeco  they  had  carrycd  itt  to  Middlebrough  beinge  restrayned  by  the  Kings 
to  .Middlebrough  Proclamacon  and  order  of  that  Table  from  bringing  in  any  into  this 
Kingdome  this  Yeare. 


OCTOBER  17,  1621  527 

And  touchinge  their  LLp°  proposicons  of  bringinge  all  Comodities ''^■'.''""K'^e^,  *" 
hither  they  humbly  besought  their  Lo^' :  they  might  have  some  time  ^^l^  thir^Reaime 
to  call  a  Courte  and  they  would  returne  their  answere  vppon  the  next  they f^ough  their 
Wednesdaie  followinge  as  their  Lo'"":  Comaunded.  i^^c. 

M'  Deputy  therfore  now  desyred  this  present  Court  that  they  would  The     inconven- 
please  to  take  this  waighty  buisines  into  their  consideracon  where  jf^  ^^^^^^^  T""^^ 
vppon  after  much  dispute  and  many  reasons  given  of  y*  impossibillyty  all  ther  Comodi- 
of  beinge  bound  to  bringe  in  all  their  comodities  into  England  w%ut  *'^*   '"'"   *^'^ 
fallinge  into  very  great  inconvenyencies  they  did  agi-ee  to  have  these  drawne     into 
reasons  together  w""  such  other  as  the  Counsell  y'  morninge  haveinge  head». 
mett  have  thought  vppon  to  be  drawne  vp  into  certaine  heads  against 
the  next  Wednesday  morninge  att  w°^  time  they  would  have  a  Court 
to  pvse  and  pfect  them.     [266] 


A  Courte  helde  the  17"  of  October  1621 


m'  Deputy, 
m'  Gibbes. 
m'  Ro:  Smith, 
m'  Nich:  Ferrar. 
m"^  Shepparde. 
Captaine  Bargraue. 
m'  Stewarde. 
m'  Porter, 
m'  Meuerell. 


m'Abra:  Chamberlin. 

m'  Bland. 

m'  Whitley. 

m'  Barbor. 

m''  Ayres. 

m'  Palmer. 

m'  Bull. 

m'  Morgann. 

m'  Lambe. 

m'  Hickforde. 


m'  Georg  Smith. 

m'  Webb. 

m"  Hackett. 

m^  Cuffe. 

m'  Widdowes. 

m''  Lawrence. 

m"'  Bolton. 

m'  Berkley. 

w'"  divers  others. 


M'  Deputy  pisented  vnto  the  Courte  accordinge  vnto  former  direccons  m'  Deputy   pre- 
the  aunswere  w''*'  was  to  be  given  to  the  IP :  of  the  Counsell  this  after-  ^''"'"^  '*^  y'  '^"'^'^ 
noone  if  the  Courte  did  approve  therof  beinge  framed  vppon  those  j,^  be  giuen  to  y* 
reasons  that  y°  form^  Courte   had  sett  downe  w**  were  these  that  Lord?. 
foUowe. 


16456— VOL  1—06- 


-34 


528  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

The  most  Humble  answere  of  such  of  y°  Virginia  Company  as  could  at 
present  be  assembled  to  j°  Right  Honorable  y"  Lords  of  y°  Counsell 
touchinge  their  Lo"":  proposition  for  y"  importinge  of  all  goods  from 
Virginia  into  England. 

May  it  please  j'o''  Hono". 

The    Comp*:   an-  ^l^ey  will  take  itt  as  a  most  singular  favo'  y'  they  may  enioy  their  former  lib- 

Bwere  erty  for  bringinge  their  Comodities  into  England  and  transportinge  thsm  els- 

where;  Butt  to  be  bound  to  bringe  in  all  their  Comodities  and  to  pay  Customs 
here  for  all  (howesoever  markettC  rule  abrode)  in  that  the}-  humble  desire  to 
be  pdoned  and  most  earnestly  beseech  j-o'  Lo"':  they  may  not  be  compelled  for 
these  subsequent  reasons  and  divers  other  waightie  consideracons. 

1.  Itt  is  libertie  and  f  reedome  that  his  Ma'°:  Subiect^  through  out  his  Dominions 
doe  generalh'  practise  and  enioye  to  be  free  to  carry  their  Comodities  to  the 
best  MarkettC. 

2.  Itt  is  agreater  restraint  then  the  Muscouie  or  an}-  other  auncient  Corpora- 
Con  hath  vnto  whose  greatest  pryveledges  and  imunities  by  his  Ma"  gracious 
Letters  PatentC  they  are  enhabled  and  equalled.     [267] 

3.  The  same  Company  have  graunted  divers  Sub  patents  w'"  y°  same  {Hviledges 
as  they  themselvs  enioy  wherby  some  of  the  Fattentees  have  been  induced  to 
goe  in  psonn  beinge  men  of  noble  and  worthy  families  to  expend  great  Soms 
of  monny  in  the  Plantacon  and  some  other  their  whoU  estates  and  itt  is  nott  in 
the  Companies  power  now  to  revoake  or  restraine  them  without  a  generall  dis- 
hartninge  of  all  present  and  future  Adventuro". 

4.  Many  Comodities  doe  now  beginn  and  are  like  to  arise  in  Virginia  that  will 
not  be  vendible  in  England  as  namely  Fish  Cauearie,  Pipestaues,  quantities  of 
Sassafras,  and  Sarsaparilla  and  the  meaner  sorte  of  Tobacco,  v^"^  in  other  for- 
raigne  pts  will  j-eild  some  thinge  butt  beinge  brought  hither  will  not  yeild  nor 
discharge  the  Custome. 

5.  They  doe  not  conceive  that  they  have  power  to  dispose  of  the  goods  of  Pry- 
vate  Planters  in  Virginia  who  are  free  and  have  merited  by  their  long  and 
hard  service  all  manner  of  freedome  and  encourragment. 

6.  Nor  to  forbid  them  to  trade  and  barter  their  Comodities  freely  w'"  such 
Ships  as  carry  Passengers  most  of  w""  afterwards  pceedC  on  other  Voyadges 
and  returne  not  ||directly||  for  England. 


OCTOBER  17,  1621  529 

7.  They  have  begunn  a  Trade  from  Ireland  to  Virginia  wherby  the  Colony  is 
supplyed  w""  Cattle  and  other  necessaries  from  thence  and  have  passed  their 
Contracts,  to  repay  them  in  Tobacco,  w"*"  if  they  shalbe  compelled  to  })ring 
hither,  the  Trade  is  like  to  pish  in  the  verie  begininge  to  the  exceedinge  pre- 
iudice  of  the  Colony,  whose  wantC  wee  know  not  how  to  supply,  but  by  these 
and  the  like  means  our  Stocke  beinge  exhausted  by  these  two  last  years  great 
and  large  Supplies. 

8.  Lastly  itt  is  not  in  our  power  to  conclude  this  great  buisiness  wherin  aboue  a 
thousand  Adventure"  here  in  England  and  almost  fower  thousand  InhabitanK 
in  Virginia  have  theire  interest. 

ffor  the  rest  they  humbly  beseech  Yo""  Lo"':  to  beleive  that  they  affect  no  for- 
raigne  Trades  with  any  neighbour  nation  more  then  in  case  of  necessitie  and 
for  the  better  sustcyninge  and  advancement  of  the  Coloney:  Butt  shall  always 
endeavo"'  such  a  mutuall  trade  between  Englande  and  Virginia  as  shall  stand 
with  the  hono'  and  benefitt  of  both:  And  soe  humblj'  desire  j-o'  Lordships 
to  conceive  of  them,  that  next  GodC  Glory  they  cheiflj'  ayme  att  the  good  of 
this  Kingdome  the  advancement  of  his  Ma'"  bono"'  and  speedy  encrease  of  his 
bigness  profitt  and  revennue. 

ffor  w""^  ends  they  have  out  of  their  owne  pryvate  states  (besides  their  labor 
and  time)  expended  aboue  one  hundred  Thousand  pounds  withoutt  returne 
either  of  profitt  or  of  any  pt  of  the  principal!  it  selfe  to  any  one  of  the  [268] 
Adventurors  to  their  knowledge,  and  yett  doubt  not  but  bv  Gods  blessinge 
his  Ma":  accustomed  gracious  favour  and  yo''  Lo"'  fftti  Honorable  furtherance 
in  short  time  to  bringe  this  great  worke  to  a  good  pfeccon. 

This  Answere  beinge  reade  and  throughly  debated  the  Court  did  ^^t.^^f,^"^  ^^ 
well  approve  of  and  ther  vppon  desyred  some  of  the  Company  would 
be  pleased  to  accompany  m'  Deputy  to  pJsent  itt  to  their  Hps:  as  the 
Aote  of  the  Company. 


proued  of. 


530 


RECORDS  OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 


At  a  Couete  helde  t^  22^"  October  1621. 


S'  Phillip  Gary, 
m'  Deputy, 
m'  Gibbes. 
m'  Nich:  Ferrar. 
m''  Shepparde. 
Captaine  Bargraue. 
m''  Stewarde. 
m'  Berblock. 
m'  TomlynC. 
m'  Whitley. 


m'^  Ay  res. 
m'  Swinhoe. 
m'  Wyddowes. 
m'^  Baynam. 
m'  Bland, 
m''  Lawarauce. 
m^  Bull, 
m'  Palmer, 
m"^  Barkham. 
m'  Case  well. 


m'  Mellinge. 

m'  George  Smith. 

m'  Penistone. 

m'  Newporte. 

m^  Cuffe. 

m'  Wyndhame. 

m''  Webb. 

W"'  Divers  others. 


m'  Deputy  signi-  \]j  Deputy  signified  vnto  this  Court  that  hee  had  plsented  the  Com- 
not  ra^t'd^fiedT-^  pauies  aunswere  vnto  the  Lords  of  his  Ma"  pryvy  Counsell  w"''  beinge 
their  Answere.  read  they  Were  willinge  to  depte  and  after  beinge  called  in  againe  their 
IP'  seemed  not  to  be  sattisfied  therw*"  butt  told  them  that  they  did 
not  intend  they  should  give  aunswere  touchinge  the  bringinge  in  all 
their  Comodities  butt  onely  that  of  Tobacco  wherby  the  Kings  last 
§year<§  revennue  might  be  still  vphelde. 


Tlifir  aunswere  to 
be  returnd  againe 
C. 


And  therfore  required  them  on  Wednesday  next  to  returne  their 
answere  wheither  they  would  bringe  in  all  their  Tobacco  into  England 
or  none  att  all,  or  otherwise  to  accomodate  the  buisiness  w"^  m''  Jacob 
with  whome  on  ffryday  last  some  of  the  Company  haveinge  had  con- 
ference m'  lacob  signified  vnto  them  that  hee  had  no  proiect  wherby 
to  accomodate  the  buisiness  butt  onely  by  way  of  advise  and  Counsell 
pswaded  them  to  bringe  in  all  their  Tobacco  as  moste  for  their  good 
m''  Deputy  therfore  desyred  that  this  Courte  would  take  itt  into  their 
Consideracons  what  answer  they  would  give  to  their  1P°;  against 
Wednesday  next. 

some  reasons  pro-  Whcrvppou  some  reasous  were  ppounded  and  considered  of  w"''  beinge 
p°o"ynte<i  to" be  w^^l  approved  were  appoynted  to  be  drawne  vp  againste  Wednesday 
(irawne.  followingc  in  the  morninge,  when  itt  was  desyred  the  Courte  would 

meet  againe  to  consider  of  them.     [269] 


OCTOBER  U,  1681 


531 


At  a  Courte  helde  y*  24™:  October  1621. 


m'  Deputy, 
m'  Gibbs. 
Docto:  Winstone. 
m"'  Robert  Smith, 
m"'  lohn  Smith, 
m"'  Nich :  Ferrar. 
Captaine  Bargraue. 
m''  Tomlynis. 
m'  Stewarde. 
m'  Rogers. 
m'  Edwards. 


m'Abra:  Chamberlyne. 

m''  Berblock. 

m'  Blande. 

m^  Bull. 

m"'  Bennett. 

m''  Ayres. 

m'  Wiseman. 

m"^  Darnelly. 

m'  Caswell. 

m'  Couell. 

m'  Barbor. 


m'  Widdowes. 

m^  Bay  nam. 

m'  Bolton. 

m"'  Meuerell. 

m'  Morewoode. 

m'  Lambe. 

m'  Georg  Smith. 

m'  Roberta. 

m'  Webb. 

m'  Fogge. 

W""  Divers  Others. 


The  aunswere  of  the  Virginia  Company  to  the  Right  honorable  the  The  anawere  to  >- 
It'  of  his  Ma*' :  pry vy  Counsell  touchinge  their  It"' :  proposicons  for  y°  oriiered^to  be  pre- 
bringinge  in  or  not  bringinge  in  of  all  their  Tobacco  from  Vu'ginia  sented  c. 
into  England  beinge  now  plsented  to  be  read  and  taken  into  due  con- 
sideracon  was  well  approved  of  and  ordered  to  be  plsented  to  the  11' : 
that  afternoone  in  the  name  of  the  Company,  and  divers  appoynted 
to  attend  m""  Deputy  aboute  the  same. 

The  moste  humble  aunswere  of  the  Virginia  Company  to  the 
Right  Hono'^  :  the  Lords  of  his  Ma":  most  hono*^  :  piyvy 
Counsell. 

May  it  please  yo'  Lop^  : 

They  have  accordinge  to  yo'  IP' :  order  given  m"'  lacob  a  meetinge  but  The  Companies 

could  not  from  him  vnderstand  any  possible  means  of  accomodacon  Lordrtouchi*n<T^ 

butt  such  as  would  breed  the  vtter  ruyne  and  ouerthrowe  of  y*  Planta-  their  U"  propoTi 

con  to  w"*"  out  of  their  bounden  duety  to  god  and  his  Ma"' :  they  may  ^'^^^ 

not  agree,     ffor  their  pts  they  made  offer  to  deliuer  him  all  then- 

Tobacco  belonginge  to  themselves  here  att  home  for  goods  sent  here  - 

tofore  and  this  last  yeares  Hw**  they  conceaue  may  amount  to  fifty 

thowsand  weight  this  yeare||  if  hee  would  give  him  good  secm-ity  to 


632  RECORDS   OF  TEE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

make  them  butt  savers  w""  hee  refused  to  doe,  wherby  yo'  IP'  may 
see  how  great  their  desires  is  to  give  yo'  hono"  sattisfaccon,  And 
humbly  beseech  to  have  free  libertie  to  bringe  into  England  or  not  to 
briuge  in  their  Tobacco  accordinge  as  they  shall  finde  itt  most  advan  - 
tagious  and  beneficall  vnto  the  Plantaeon ;  By  w''''  liberty  they  hope 
to  effect  those  great  matters  of  hono'  and  profitt  to  his  Ma'^ :  and  this 
kingdome  w''"  they  have  pmised  from  Virginia.     [270] 

Butt  if  this  seeme  not  convenyentt  to  yo'  IP":  for  his  Ma":  proffitt 
("w"''  they  most  sincerely  affect)  rather  then  be  a  hinderance  of  the 
improvement  therof ,  although  to  then*  ow^ne  very  great  preiudice,  they 
will  for  this  yeare  restraine  themselvs  and  forbear  to  bringe  in  any 
Tobacco  att  all  from  Virginia  this  yeare  ensuinge.' 

-(V'  procured  by  ]yj;r  Deputy  acquainted  the  Courte  that  one  m'  Copeland  a  Mynister 
ope  an  lately  returned  from  the  East  Indies  out  of  an  earnest  desh-e  to  give 

some  furtherance  vnto  the  Plantaeon  in  Virginia  had  been  pleased  as 
well  by  his  owne  good  example  as  by  pswasion  to  stirr  vpp  many  that 
came  with  him.  in  the  Ship  called  the  Royall  lames  to  contribute 
towardes  some  good  worke  to  be  begunn  in  Virginia :  insomuch  that 
hee  hadd  pcured  allredy  a  matter  of  some  70"  to  be  imployed  that 
waie  and  had  allso  write  frome  Cape  Bona  Speranza  to  diuers  ffaeto" 
in  the  East  Indies  to  moue  them  to  some  charitable  contribucon  there 
vnto,  So  as  hee  hoped  they  should  see  verie  shortlie  his  letters  would 
produce  some  good  effect  amongst  them  especially  if  hee  might  vnder- 
staud  in  what  manner  they  intended  to  imploy  the  same.  Itt  was 
therfore  ordered  that  a  Comittee  should  be  appoynted  to  treat  w"'  m' 

m|  Copeland  ad-  Copclaud  about  itt,  And  for  soe  much  as  hee  had  so  well  deserved  of 
'  the  Company  by  his  extraordinary  care  and  paynes  in  this  buisiness 
itt  was  thought  fitt  and  ordered  that  hee  should  be  admitted  a  free 
Brother  of  this  Company  and  att  the  next  Quarter  Courte  itt  should 
be  moved  that  some  proporcon  of  Land  might  be  bestowed  vppon 
him  in  gratificacon  of  his  worthie  eudeavo"  to  advance  this  intended 
worke,  and  further  itt  was  thought  fitt  allso  to  addmitt  him  ei  ||to|| 

'  An  order  in  council  on  this  matter  was  passed  on  the  day  of  this  court.     List  of  Records,  No.  272, 
page  150,  ajUe. 


OCTOBER  2Jf,  1621  533 

the  number  of  some  other  speciall  Benefacto"  vnto  the  Plantacon 
whose  memoriall  is  plserved : '  The  Comittee  appoy nted  to  treat  with 
him  are  these 

m"^  Deputy.  m"^  Abra:  Chamberlyne. 

m'  Gibbs.  m'  Roberta, 

m' Nicho :  Ferrar.  m"^  Ayres. 
m'  Bamforde. 

Informacon  was  given  that  wheras  dive"  noblemen  and  Gentlemen  m'Waterhoose  en- 
were  still  indebted  to  the  Company  vppon  their  subscripcons  and  in  f^^^  "^f^  „£  8ui> 
like  manner  eertaine  Bishops  for  monny  remayninge  in  their  hands  scripcons 
vppon  Colleccons  an  offer  was  nowe  made  by  one  m'  Waterhouse  a 
verie   sufficient  vnderstandinge   gentleman   for  solicitinge  the   said 
psonus  for  payment  in  of  their  said  monneys  if  the  Company  shall 
please  to  imploy  him  in  the  said  buisines  and  authorise  him  for  the 
doinge  therof .     Itt  was  here  vppon  agreed  that  hee  should  be  enter - 
taynd  for  this  imployment  provided  his  demaunds  were  reasonable  and 
that  hee  could  give  the  Company  good  securitie  for  answeringe  the 
monneys  that  hee  receaved  from  time  to  time  to  be  paid  into  the  Com- 
panys  Treasury,  Touchinge  w''*'  the  Courte  noiated  these  Coinittees  to 
treat  w"*  him  about  the  same  vizd. 

S'  lohn  Dauers.  m'  Abraham  Chamberlyn.  a  Comittee  to  treat 

m""  Deputye.  m"^  Rogers.  "     ™ 

m'  Gibbs.  m'  Edwards. 

m' Tomlyns.  m"^  Roberta  or  any  4.  [271] 

m"^  Ayres. 

M'  Ayres  informed  the  Court  that  ther  were  some  men  that  would  somciefteoutin>- 
willinglie  proceed  in  their  Adventure  butt  haveinge  paid  in  their  ^jredTo  be'nghtt^i 
monneys  as  male  appeare  by  their  bills  yett  they  found  their  names 
lefte  out  in  the  printed  booke  and  therfore  desyred  they  might  be 
righted  in  those  defects :  The  Courte  therfore  referred  this  to  the 
examinacon  of  the  Audito"  vppon  whose  report  they  have  pmised  that 
right  shalbe  done  vnto  them  to  their  full  sattisfaccon. 

'  For  a  declaration  of  the  disposition  of  this  money,  see  List  of  Records,  No.  289,  page  162,  ante. 


534 


RECORDS  OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 


A  mocon  for  Pat-  j^j^r  Deputy  signified  that  itt  had  pleased  God  to  raise  vp  means  beyonnd 

to  "iiuera^  worth V  their  expectacon  to  advance  the  Plantacon  in  Virginia  in  that  hee  had 

men  c.  kindled  |iin||  the  mynds  of  many  worthy  men  a  desire  still  to  proceed 

to  the  transportinge  of  great  multitudes  of  people  thither  to  w""  end 

and  for  their  better  encourragment  hee  was  to  move  the  Courte  that 

they  might  ||haue||  Patents  graunted  vnto  them  in  the  vsuall  forme. 

A  Patent  for  m'  The  first  Patent  was  for  a  gentleman  that  had  deserved  singularly 
Bennett  ^^^^  ^^  ^j^^  Company  before  hee  was  a  member  therof ,  And  since  his 

admittance  hee  had  been  att  a  verie  great  charge  for  transportinge  of 
people  to  Virginia  namely  m"'  Bennett  who  now  ioynes  himselfe  in 
this  buisines  w"*  m'  Wiseman,  and  m'  Ayres,  and  divers  other  their 
associates. 

A  Patent  for  m'  A  Sccoud  Patent  hee  moved  for  m''  Swayne,  m'  Barre,  m'  Conder,  and 
Swaine  their  Associates  who  vndertakes  to  transporte  100  psons  to  Virginia. 

A  Patent  for  m'  A  Third  Patent  was  for  certaine  old  and  new  Adventurers  the  new 
Trueioue  beinge  to  the  number  of  thirteen  whose  names  are  these  that  follow 

vizd. 


Comisaions  C'. 


Rowland  Trueioue. 
Tobias  Cooper. 
Tho:  Waterhouse. 
lohn  Cocks. 


Frauncis  Waterhouse. 
lames  Berkett. 
lohn  Lake. 
W"  White. 
Law:  Leigh. 


lo:  Elkington. 
Ri:  Perry. 
Tho:  Ouer. 
Tobias  lohnson. 


who  have  bought  each  of  them  a  single  Share  of  Land  of  ffrauncis 
Carter  beinge  pcell  of  40  Shares  formerly  assigned  vnto  him  by  the 
Right  Hono*^  the  Lady  Lawarr,  All  w"*"  the  Court  did  well  approve 
of  and  ordered  that  PattentC  should  be  drawne  vpp  ready  for  the 
Seale  against  the  next  Quarter  Courte. 

m''  Deputy  moved  the  Courte  to  give  order  for  drawinge  vpp  Comis- 
sionns  for  the  Bona  Nona,  the  Discouery,  y^  Elizabeth  and  the  God- 
helpe,  beinge  shortly  to  goe  for  Virgina  and  after  that  some  of  them 
are  to  pceed  on  a  Fishinge  Voyadge.'     [273] 

I 

*  For  some  of  these  commissions  see  List  of  Records,  Nos.  225,  277,  278,  pages  145  and  151,  arUe, 


OCTOBER  54,  1621  535 

Itt  was  allso  moved  that  stich  as  had  either  people  or  goods  to  send  to  Those  y'hauepeo- 
Virginia  would  forthwith  give  notice  to  m''  Webb  of  their  names  that  nodcetom'WebhT 
Shippinge  might  be  provyded  for  them  now  that  ther  be  so  many- 
good  Ships  offered  to  goe  vppon  the  Companies  service. 

m"'  Essington  was  entreated  to  pfect  the  Magazine  Aceompts  to  the  ™'  Essington  to 
end  that  such  monneys  as  shalbe  due  before  Christmas  might  be  "^^^^X^.  " 

divided  amongst  the  Adventurers  w^'out  longer  delay:  which  was 
hoped  would  prove  halfe  a  Capitall. 

Notice  was  allso  given  that  ther  were  certaine  sufficient  men  come  out  sufiBcientmencom 
of  Ireland  ||who||  would  would  vndertake  to  transporte  manny  hun-  transporte   Cattie 
dreds  of  Cattle  to  Virginia  this  Springe  vppon  the  same  Condicons  C'. 
that  m'  Gookin  had  donne;     Itt  was  therfore  moved  that  Southamp- 
ton Hundred,  Martins  Hundred   Berkleys  Hundred,  and   all   other 
pryvate  Plantaeons  that  desyred  to  have  Cattle  would  be  pleased  out 
of  hand  to  give  speedy  notice  what  numbers  of  Cattle  they  would 
have  w"''  beinge   certainely  knowne  they  might  pceed  to  a  further 
treaty  w**"  the  said  psonns. 

M'  Chamberlyne  recomended  vnto   the  Company  one  m'  Staples  a  »'  staples  Com. 
preacher  who  haveinge  a  brother  in  Virginia  that  had  given  him 
good   encourragment   lo   come  thither   was   desirous   to    goe   ouer; 
Whervppon  some  of  Martins  Hundred  seemed  to  be  willinge  to  enter - 
taine  him  for  their  hundred. 

m'  lohn  Smith  moved  that  wheras  m'  William  Tracye  afore  his  goinge  ™'  ^o^  Smiths 
ouer  to  Virginia  was  arrested  for  200"  principall  debt  for  w*^"  hee  putt  p^^''  lat'eh^'^^om 
in  bayle  w"''  suite  hath  since  proceeded  and  bine  psecuted  soe  as  the  Virginia  may  ius- 
said  cause  was  ready  for  iudgment  wherof  stay  was  made  vutill  some  ^'^''  >'' death  of  m' 
wittnesses  might  be  brought  in  to  certifie  of  the  said  m'  Tracyes  death 
In  respect  wherof  and  for  that  hee  hath  reeeaved  informacon  by  Ires 
that  the  said  William  Tracye  dyed  in  Aprill  laste  hee  desires  notice 
of  such  as  came  lately  from  Virginia  that  may  be  ready  vppon  occa- 
sion to  wittness  the  death  of  the  said  gentleman  touchinge  w''"  the 
Company  promised  to  procure  him  as  many  as  they  could  herof . 


ended  by  m'Cham- 
berlyne. 


536 


RECORDS   OF  THE  Y IE  O  IN  I  A  COMPANY 


Direction  to  be  Vppon  the  liumble  Peticon  of  Robert  Gaile  shewinge  y*  wheras  some 
ernortoLuseiorn  1^  years  past  hee  furnished  out  one  lohn  Burroes  to  Virginia  w"* 
Burros  to  make  mouny,  Armo',  Apparrell,  beddinge,  Copp,  Vietuall  and  other  neces- 
D*K'I^f-'^M°°  '°  saries;  And  since  that  time  allso  hath  sent  him  fewe  supplys  of  what 
soever  the  said  Burros  write  to  him  for.     L-^ <«J 

In  consideracon  wherof  the  Peticoner  was  to  have  the  moytie  of  all 
profitts  made  and  raysed  in  Virginia  by  the  Industry  of  the  said  lohn 
Burros  as  by  his  bond  now  presented  to  be  read  might  appeare,  Itt 
is  therfore  accordinge  to  the  peticoners  requeste  ordered  that  dyreccon 
should  be  given  to  the  Gouernor  &  Counsell  of  State  in  Virginia  to 
call  the  said  Burros  before  them  and  to  examine  him  touchinge  the 
plmises;  And  if  the  information  shall  appeare  to  be  true,  then  to 
compell  him  the  said  Burros  to  make  the  peticoner  due  sattisfaccon 
accordinge  to  equitie  and  good  confydence. 


Att  a  Courte  helde  y'^  laste 
October  1621 

Present. 


S'  Phillip  Gary. 
S''  Henry  Rainsforde. 
S''  lohn  Dauers. 
m'  Deputy  Ferrar. 
m'  Gibbs. 
m'  Wrote. 
m'  Gulstone. 
m'  Keightley. 
m''  Nicho:  Farrar. 
m"'  Berbloek. 
Captaiue  Bargraue. 
Cap'  Rossingham. 
m'  EdwardC. 


m'  Blande. 
Cap'  Tucker, 
m'  Palmer, 
m'  Bull, 
m'  Barbor. 
m'  Boothbie. 
m"'  Caswell, 
m'  Baynam. 
m'  Newland. 
m'  Ay  res. 
m'  Widdowes. 
m'  Bennett, 
m'  Webb, 
m'  Gosnolde. 


m'  Sewarde. 

m"^  Meuerell. 

m'  Lawrance. 

m''  Barnarde. 

m'  Mellinge. 

m"^  Ewer. 

m'  Newporte. 

m'  Roberta. 

m'  Whitley. 

With  Divers  others. 


OCTOBER  31,  1G21  537 

M'  Deputy  declared  vnto  the  Courte  that  hee  and  those  gentlemen  "^'' .  Deputy  gaue 

appoynted  by  the  last  Courte  had  deliuered  vnto  the  It'  of  the  Coun  -  comaund  tobringe 

sell  the  Companies  auuswer  and  resolucon  ||to  forbeare||  to  bringe  in  in  aii  their  Xoiia.-- 

any  Tobacco  att  all  for  this  year  followinge  which  as  their  !tP'  for-  ^"^^ '"to  England. 

merly  intimated  they  conceaved  would  have  given  them  full  sattisfac- 

con;    Butt  their  1P°:  tearmed  itt  an  vnduetifull  answere  and  com- 

maunded  them  on  their  pills  to  bringe  in  all  their  Tobacco,  against  w''" 

himselfe  and  the  rest  alleadged  all  the  reasons  y'  were  so  often  in  the 

Courte  discussed,  of  impossibilitie  inconvenyency  and  the  supposed 

[ou]  ouerthrowe  of  the  Plantacon  But  their  Lo''"  told  them  that  they 

were  not  to  dispute  at  that  Boorde,  and  againe  gave  them  an  absolute 

comaund  to  bring  in  all  their  Tobacco  [274]  '  Att  this  Reporte  the 

Court  remained  much  greiued  and  conceauinge  it  a  matter  of  greater 

importance  and  difficulty  then  to  admitt  any  present  deliberacon 

espeacially  of  so  fewe  they  were  resolued  that  the  buissines  should  be 

reserued  entire  for  the  Preparatiue  and  Quarter  CourtC  to  take  into 

theii"  graue  consideracons  howe  the  Companie  should  proceed  between 

two  such  extreame  difficulties  as  their  llp^  comaund  and  the  vtter  dis- 

hartninge  of  all  both  Aduenturers  and  Planters. 

Notwithstandinge  these  apprehended  disasters  m''  Deputy  exorted  the 
Companie  not  to  be  discouraged  for  that  he  hoped  God  had  still  a 
hand  in  the  proteccon  of  Virginia  who  turned  all  thingC  for  the  best, 
when  diuers  former  ProiectC  in  their  first  appearance  seemed  to  tend 
towards  the  verie  distruccon  of  the  Plantacon ;  and  therefore  hoped 
that  hauing  put  their  handC  to  the  Plough  they  would  not  nowe  looke 
back  nor  be  weary  of  well  doeinge  for  the  Accon  it  selfe  was  such,  as 
he  knewe  no  man  but  confessed  it  to  be  most  Christian  bono'''*  and 
glorious,  and  of  high  consequence  vnto  this  comonwealth  and  though 
they  might  seeme  to  some  to  haue  cast  their  bread  vpon  the  waters; 
yet  after  many  dayes  he  doubted  not  but  they  should  finde  it  againe, 
to  their  great  comfort,  the  rather  in  reguard  their  llp^  professed  to 
wish  the  prosperity  of  the  Plantacon  from  whome  wee  may  not  <ie 
*     *     *     ||despaire||  of  helpe  or  redresse  vpon  further  informacon. 

'The  handwriting  changes  at  the  top  of  tlio  following  page  to  that  of  an  unidentified  copyist, 
referred  to  in  the  "Introduction"  as  the  fourth  copyist.     See  Plate . 


538  RECORDS  OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

W  Deputy  further  declared  that  albeit  the  Companies  Stocke  beinge 
well  nighe  exhausted  was  able  to  doe  but  litle  this  present  yeare  for 
sendinge  of  people  to  Virginia,  yet  it  pleased  God  to  stirr  vp  so  many 
worthie  mindC  for  the  aduancem'  of  this  noble  Accon,  as  there  was 
no  lesse  w'^n  the  space  of  these  §-§  §six§  Moneths  then  20:  Sayle 
with  those  already  goun  and  that  would  after  Christmas  (by  GodC 
assistance)  sett  out  for  the  Plantacons,  whereby  aboue  1000  psons 
wilbe  transported,  whereof  neare  900  went  vpon  priuate  mens  charges, 
And  as  at  home  so  abroad  likewise  euen  from  Cape  Bona  Speranza 
God  had  raised  vp  many  benefactors  towards  this  good  worke,  inso- 
much as  the  Companie  of  gentlemen  and  Marriners  that  lately  came 
home  from  the  Indies  in  the  Royall  lames  had  giuen  a  contribucon  of 
70"  towards  the  buildinge  of  a  Church  or  Schoole  in  Virginia  besidC  a 
probable  hope  of  a  further  [275]  supplie  from  diners  factories  in  the 
East  Indies  through  y^  solicitacon  of  a  learned  Minister  (namely  m' 
Copland)  by  whose  good  example  and  pswasion  they  were  moued  to 
this  pious  worke. 

Hee  also  signified  that  forsomuch  as  it  was  referred  vnto  the  Com- 
panie to  determine  whither  the  said  money  should  be  imploied  towards 
the  buildinge  of  a  Church  or  a  schoole  as  aforesaid,  the  Comittee 
appointed  haue  had  conference  with  m'  Copland  about  it,  and  do 
hold  it  fitt  for  many  important  reasons  to  imploye  the  said  contribu- 
con towards  the  erreccon  of  a  publique  free  schoole  in  Virginia, 
towards  w"*"  an  vnknowne  person  hath  likewise  giuen  30''  as  may 
appeare  by  the  Report  of  the  said  Comittee  nowe  presented  to  be 
read. 

At  a  Meetinge  of  the  Comittee  on 
TnunsDAY  §Tuisday§  the  30:  Octob:  1621  Present 

Present 

m'  Deputy.  m'  Ayres. 

m'  Gibbs.  m'  Nich :  ffarrar. 

m'  Wrote.  m'  Roberta. 

The  said  CoSiittee  meetinge  this  Afternoone  to  treat  with  m'  Cop- 
land touchinge  the  dispose  of  the  money  giuen  by  some  of  the  East 


OCTOBER  3U  1621  539 

Indy  Companie  that  came  with  him  in  the  Royall  lames  to  be  bestowed 
vpon  some  good  worke  for  the  benifitt  of  the  Plantacon  in  Virginia, 
the  said  m"'  Copland  beinge  nowe  present  did  deliuer  in  a  note  of  the 
names  of  those  that  had  freely  and  willingly  contributed  their  moneyes 
herevnto,  w"*"  money  m'  Copland  said  they  desired  might  be  imployed 
towards  the  buildinge  either  of  a  Church  or  Schoole  in  Virginia  (w^'' 
the  Companie  should  thinke  fitt) .  And  that  although  this  Soine  of 
money  was  but  a  smale  proporcon  to  pforme  so  great  a  worke,  yet  m' 
Copland  said  he  doubted  not,  but  to  pswade  the  East  Indy  Companie 
(whome  he  meant  to  solicite),  to  make  some  Addicon  therevnto,  beside 
he  said  that  he  had  very  effectually  writt  (the  Coppie  of  w'^''  letter  he 
shewed  and  was  read)  to  diuers  ffactoi'ies  in  the  East  Indies  to  stirr 
them  vp  to  the  like  Contribucon  towards  the  pformance  of  this  pious 
worke  as  they  had  already  donne  for  the  buildinge  of  a  Church  at 
Wappinge  where  by  his  Report  they  haue  giuen  about  400". 

It  beinge  therefore  nowe  taken  into  consideracon  whither  a  Church 
or  a  Schoole  was  most  necessarie  and  might  nearest  agree  to  the  inten- 
cons  of  the  Donors:  It  was  conceaued  that  for  somuch  as  each  pticu- 
ler  Plantacon  aswell  as  the  generall  either  had  or  ought  to  haue  a 
Church  appropriated  vnto  them,  there  was  therefore  a  greater  want 
of  a  Schoole  then  of  Churches: As  also  for  that  it  [276]  was  impos- 
sible with  so  smale  a  proporcon  to  compasse  so  great  a  charge  as  the 
buildinge  of  a  Church  would  require,  they  therefore  conceaued  it  most 
fitt  to  resolue  for  the  erectinge  of  a  publique  free  schoole  w"*'  beinge 
for  the  educacon  of  Children  and  groundinge  of  them  in  the  principles 
of  religion  Ciuility  of  life  and  humane  learninge  serued  to  carry  with 
it  the  greatest  waight  and  highest  consequence  vnto  the  Plantacons  as 
that  whereof  both  Church  and  comon wealth  take  their  originall  f  ouu  - 
dacon  and  happie  estate,  this  beinge  also  like  to  proue  a  worke  most 
acceptable  vnto  the  Planters,  through  want  whereof  they  haue  bin 
hitherto  constrained  to  their  great  costC  to  send  their  Children  from 
thence  hither  to  be  taught. 

Secondly  it  was  thought  fitt  that  this  schoole  should  be  placed  in  one 
of  the  fower  Citties  and  they  conceaued  that  Charles  Citty,  of  the 
fower  did  affoord  the  most  convenient  place  for  that  purpose  as  well 


540  RECORDS  OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

in  respect  it  mateheth  with  the  best  in  holesomnes  of  Aire,  as  also  for 
the  eomodious  seituacon  tliereof ,  beinge  not  farr  distant  from  Henrico 
and  other  pertieuler  Plantacons. 

It  was  also  thought  fitt  that  in  bono'  of  the  East  Indy  Benefactors, 
the  same  should  be  called  the  East  Indy  Schoole  who  shall  haue  pre- 
cedence before  any  other  to  preferr  their  Children  thither  to  be 
brought  vp  in  the  rudiments  of  learninge ;  It  was  also  thought  fitt  that 
this  as  a  Collegiate  or  free  schoole  should  haue  dependance  vpon  the 
Colledge  in  A^irginia  w''''  should  be  made  capable  to  receaue  Schollers 
from  the  Shoole  into  such  Scollershipps  and  f ellowshipps  as  the  said 
Colledge  shalbe  endowed  withall  for  the  aduancement  of  schollers  as 
they  arise  by  degres  and  deserts  in  learninge. 

That  for  the  better  mayntenance  of  the  Scholem'  and  Vsher  intended 
there  to  be  placed  it  was  thought  fitt  that  it  should  be  moued  at  the 
next  Quarter  Co"  that  1000  acres  of  land  should  be  allotted  vnto  the 
said  Scolle,  and  that  5  psons  besidC  an  ouerseer  of  them  should  be 
forthwith  ||sent||  vpon  this  charg  in  the  condicon  of  Apprentices  to 
manure  and  cultiviate  the  said  land,  and  that  ouer  and  aboue  this 
allowance  of  land  and  Tenants  vnto  the  Schoolem'',  such  as  sent  their 
Children  to  this  Schoole  should  giue  some  benevolence  vnto  the 
scoolem''  for  the  better  encrease  of  his  mayntenance 

That  it  should  be  speacially  recomended  to  the  Gouernor  to  take  care 
that  the  Planters  there  be  stirred  vp  to  put  their  helpinge  handC 
towards  the  speedy  buildinge  of  the  said  Schoole  in  respect  [277] 
their  Children  are  like  to  receaue  the  greatest  benifitt  thereby  in 
their  educacon :  And  to  let  them  knowe  that  those  that  exceed  others 
in  their  bounty  and  Assistance  herevnto  shalbe  priuiledged  with  the 
preferment  of  their  Children  to  the  said  Schoole  before  others  that 
shalbe  found  lesse  worthie. 

It  is  likewise  thought  fitt  that  a  good  Schoolem'  be  prouided  forthwith 
to  be  sent  vnto  this  Scoole. 

It  was  also  informed  by  a  gentleman  of  this  Coiuittee  that  he  knewe 
one  that  desu-ed  not  to  be  named  that  would  bestowe  30"  to  be  added 


OCTOBER  31,  1621  541 

to  the  former  Some  of  70"  to  make  it  vp  100"  towards  the  huildinge 
of  the  said  schooler  This  report  beinge  read  was  well  approued  of 
and  thought  fitt  to  be  referred  for  confirmacon  to  the  next  Quar" 
Court. 

M'  Copland  beinge  formerly  entreated  to  knowe  what  acquittance 
m'  Landman  did  desire  for  payment  of  the  said  70"  left  in  his  hands 
to  be  deliuered  to  this  Companie  did  nowe  report  that  m"^  Lanman 
said  he  would  take  his  direccon  herein  from  the  East  Indy  Comp*  at 
their  next  meetinge,  Notwithstandinge  it  was  thought  fitt,  that  offer 
should  be  made  to  m"'  Lanman  to  secure  them  §him§  vuder  the  Coun- 
sells  seale  for  payment  of  the  said  money  to  m'  Deputy. 

M'  Wrote  in  discharge  of  his  former  promise  did  nowe  give  an  Account 
vnto  the  Court  what  he  had  donn  for  findinge  out  to  whose  handC  the 
Colleccon  gathered  money  ||gathered||  in  Norff.  and  Suff.  was  paid 
whereof  he  said  he  was  promised  a  pticuler  so  as  he  shalbe  able  to  let 
them  knowe  verie  shortly  where  and  in  whose  handC  the  said  Money 
resteth  and  well  doe  his  best  endeauo''  to  solicite  that  it  may  be  paid  in : 
And  therefore  did  entreat  those  gentlemen  that  did  vndertake  for 
solicitinge  the  rest  of  the  Bishopps  for  moneyes  remayninge  in  theu* 
handC  vpon  colleccons  would  nowe  be  pleased  to  giue  an  Account 
vnto  the  Companie  of  what  they  had  donn  therein. 

Vpon  the  humble  peticon  of  m'  Anthony  Gosnold  gentleman  it  is 
agreed  and  ordered  first  that  he  shall  haue  two  shares  of  land  in 
Virginia,  due  vnto  him  for  the  aduenture  of  25"  in  money  paid  into 
the  Treasury  to  S'  Thomas  Smith  as  by  his  bill  nowe  shewed  by  him 
in  Court  Hvnder  the  Companies  Seale  ||  though  it  were  not  sett  downe 
in  the  printed  booke  vndcr  the  Companica  Scale  may  appeare  And 
secondly  that  he  shall  haue  one  share  of  land  more  w'"''  of  right  also 
belongeth  vnto  him  for  his  psonall  Aduenture  to  Virginia  some  16 
yeares  since  vpon  his  owne  charge.     [278] 

Thirdly  whereas  the  said  m'  Gosnold  alledgeth  he  had  two  kinsemen 
that  died  longe  since  seized  of  land  in  Virginia  who  by  their  last  will 
gaue  him  their  said  land :  It  is  likewise  ordered  that  it  shalbe  recoin- 


542  EECORDS  OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

ended  to  the  Gouernor  to  take  order  that  upon  due  proufe  made 
thereof,  he  do  him  iustice,  lastly  touchinge  the  merritt  of  his  pson  in 
regiiard  of  his  longe  and  hard  seruice  for  many  yeares  together  in  the 
condicon  of  a  Servant,  notwithstandinge  he  ought  to  haue  bin  free : 
The  Court  hath  referred  him  to  the  Comittee  appointed  for  reward - 
inge  men  vpon  their  good  deserving^. 

It  beinge  likewise  moued  that  for  somuch  as  diuers  worthie  gent  desired 
to  be  m''  Gosnold^  Associate  intendinge  at  their  owne  charge  to  trans  - 
port  100  psons  to  Virginia  there  to  plant  and  inhabite  that  therefore 
the  said  m'  Gosnold  might  haue  a  Patent  for  pticuler  Plantacon  w"** 
was  accordingly  graunted  and  ordered  to  be  drawne  vp  against  the 
next  Quarter  Court. 

Vpon  the  request  y*  the  said  m'  Gosnold  might  passe  ouer  two  of  his 
Shares  formerly  allowed  vpon  his  Bill  of  Aduenture  the  one  to  his 
Brother  Robert  Gosnold  esquire  the  other  to  m''  Roger  Castle  of 
Ramiugham  in  Norff  gent:  The  Court  did  well  approue  of  thereof 
and  confirmed  vnto  each  of  them  a  single  share  as  aforesaid. 

M'  Caswell  moued  that  forsomuch  as  himselfe  and  some  others  of  the 
Comittee  stood  bound  for  the  freight  of  the  Bona  Nona  that  the  Com- 
panie  would  please  by  order  of  this  Court  to  giue  warrant  to  m'  Bull 
for  payment  of  300"  in  discharge  of  the  said  Bond,  w"**  the  Court  did 
generally  agree  vnto  and  ordered  that  a  warrant  vnto  m''  Bull  should 
be  drawne  for  pajonent  thereof  accordingly  neuertheles  vpon  m''  BulK 
mocon  it  was  also  ordered  and  prouided  that  if  in  case  so  much  should 
not  be  found  due  vnto  the  Companie  vpon  the  pfectinge  of  the 
Accounts  that  then  the  Ouerplus  should  be  repaide  againe  vnto  m"' 
Bull. 

M'  Woodall  stood  suspended  by  order  of  a  Court  the  18 :  luly  1620 
from  cominge  to  Courts  till  the  Quarter  Court  followinge  to  w'^''  he 
was  referred  for  censure,  for  that  he  had  mistermed  the  printed 
Publication  and  rashly  spoken  against  S'  Edwin  Sandys  for  somuch 
as  he  did  nowe  humbly  acknowledge  his  said  fault  and  shewed  him- 


OCTOBER  31,  1G%1  543 

selfe  so  exceedinge  penitent  and  BeornfuU  ||soiTOwtull||  for  the  same 
and  w^'all  desired  pardon  of  this  Court  The  Comitanie  seemed  to 
like  well  of  this  his  acknowledgment  and  submission.     [279] 

M''  Deputy  informed  the  Companie  of  the  great  paines  that  m''  Bon  - 
nell  the  ffrenchman,  M'  of  the  KingC  Silkwormes  at  Oatland  had 
taken  in  peniuge  a  Treatise  in  ffrench  concerninge  the  orderinge 
of  Silkwormes  and  makinge  of  Silke,  w'^''  treatise  for  that  it  might  be 
of  speciall  vse  vnto  the  Planters  in  Virginia,  he  therefore  moued  this 
Court  would  please  to  recoiliend  it,  to  some  to  translate  it  into  Eng- 
lish and  afterward  that  it  might  be  pvsed  and  beinge  approued  it 
might  be  printed,  w'^''  the  Court  assented  vnto,  and  praid  m"'  Deputy 
to  see  it  donne,  and  that  a  good  niimber  of  the  said  BookC  might  be 
sent  vnto  the  Colony  in  Virginia  by  the  next  Shippe  that  goes. 

Capt'  Henry  ffortescue  Vnele  and  Administrato''  of  the  goodC  and 
Chattells  of  Symond  ffortescue  who  died  intestate  at  Sea  at  his  returue 
for  England  from  Virginia,  moued,  that  forsomueh  as  he  cannot  him- 
selfe  goe  to  Virginia  to  recouer  such  land^  good^  and  Debt^  as  are  due 
vnto  the  said  Symond  ffortescue  deceased  whereof  S"  George  Yeard- 
ley  stands  indebted  250"  that  it  would  therefore  please  this  Hono*''" 
Court  to  write  to  the  Gouernor  to  informe  himselfe  of  the  psonall 
estate  of  the  said  Symond  ffortescue  and  to  afford  his  Kindred  and 
frend<  all  lawfull  fauo""  and  Assistance  for  recouery  of  the  said  ffor- 
tescues  landC  goodC  and  Debt^ :  The  Court  conceaued  this  mocon  to 
be  verie  reasonable  and  therefore  ordered  that  direeeon  shalbe  giuen 
to  the  Gouernor  of  Virginia  to  take  such  order  in  the  premises  as 
may  be  most  agreeable  to  equity  and  good  conscience. 

Elizabeth  Smalley  Widdowe  hnuinge  peticoned  to  the  Kinge  against 
Captaine  Argall  pretendinge  that  he  deteyned  certaine  goodC  from 
her  to  the  value  of  500",  and  beinge  referred  by  his  Ma'*"  to  his  High- 
nes  Counsell  for  Virginia  did  nowe  peticon  to  the  Companie  to  take 
hearinge  of  the  said  cause  aecordinge  to  his  Ma'"  Referrence,  where - 
vpon  the  Counsell  agreed  to  meete  vpon  friday  followinge  in  the 

'  Written  over  m'. 
16455— VOL  1—06 35 


544  RECORDS  OF  TEE  YIRQINIA  COMPANY 

Afternoone  about  two  of  the  Clocke  at  m'  ffarrars  howse  against  w''" 
time  order  is  nowe  giuen  for  warninge  both  the  said  Widdowe  Smalley 
and  Capt :  Argall  to  make  theu'  appearance  as  also  all  such  Wittnesses 
as  could  be  pduced  on  the  behalfe  of  the  said  Complayuant.     [280] 

M"  Allice  Bohune  Widdowe  late  wife  of  Do'  Bohune  peticoned  vnto 
the  Companie  that  forsomuch  §as§  her  said  Husband  in  his  life  time 
was  at  great  charge  as  shee  supposeth  for  the  prouidinge  furnishinge 
and  transportinge  of  Servants  into  Vu-ginia  that  the  Companie  would 
please  to  allowe  her  some  Annuall  contribucon  as  also  to  release  and 
free  her  soune  Edwards  Barnes  from  his  seauen  yeares  seruice  where - 
vnto  he  is  tyed  contrary  to  his  meaninge  and  her  expeetacon :  But 
answeare  was  made  that  shee  was  misinformed  for  that  the  Companie 
and  not  Do'  Bohune  were  at  all  the  said  cost  and  charges  and  for  that 
her  sonn  was  the  Companies  Servaunt,  he  was  to  serue  out  his  yeares 
and  might  not  be  sett  at  liberty. 

Vpon  the  humble  request  of  m'  Rider  that  m'  Ro :  Taylor  whome  he 
reported  to  be  a  gentleman  of  good  quality  nowe  in  Virginia  might  be 
sett  at  liberty  and  made  free :  The  Court  is  pleased  to  grauut  him  his 
freedome,  vpon  condicon  he  paye  the  Companie  for  the  charge  of  his 
passage  and  whatsoeuer  other  charge  they  haue  bin  at  for  his  beinge 
there. 

M'  Robert  Staples  a  Minister  coinended  much  by  m'  Abraham  Cham- 
berlen  and  by  Certificate  from  many  Diuines  resident  in  this  Citty 
reportinge  him  to  be  of  honest  conversacon  and  a  good  Scholler: 
beinge  desirous  to  goe  to  Virginia  did  nowe  make  request,  that  the 
Companie  would  please  to  entertaine  him  for  their  Minister  there. 

But  the  Companie  wantinge  meanes  to  furnish  him  out  did  moue  that 
some  of  the  pticuler  Plantacons  would  imploy  him : 

Wherevpon  m'  Darnelly  signified  that  he  thought  that  they  of  Mar- 
tins Hundred  wanted  a  Minister  to  whome  he  was  recomended.    [281] 


NOVEMBER  U,  IGn  545 

At  a  Court  held  for  Virginia  the  14"^"  of  Nouember  1621 

Present 

Lo:  Cauendish. 
Lo:  Padgett. 
Lo:  Haughton. 

S'  Sam :  Sandys.  S'  Fran :  Egiocke. 

S^  lo :  Dauers.  S'  lo :  Bingly . 

S'  Phill:  Carey.  S'  Hen:  Mayuwaringe. 
S^  W":  Hericke. 

m'  Edw:  Spencer  m'  Deputy  m'  Gibbs,  m'  Wrote,  m'  Steward  m' 
Tomlins  m'  Binge  m'  Ro:  Smith,  m'  Kightley,  m'  Christofer  Earle 
m'  lohn  Smith,  Capt:  Bargraue  m'  Rogers,  m"'  Nieho:  ffarrar  Hm' 
Sheppard  ||  m'  Barbo'  m'  Ayres  m'  Bennett,  m'  Wiseman  m'  Couell 
m"' Leuer  m''  Berblocke  m'  Barnard  m''  Caswell  m'  D'  Lawne  m"'  Swinho 
m"'  Palmer  m'  Edwards,  m'  Widdowes  m'  Bayuham  m"  Mellinge  m' 
Roberta  m'  Elkin  m'  Bromefeild  m''  Risely  m'  Truloue  m"'  Waterhowse 
m'  Cocks,  m'  Birkett  with  diuers  others. 

M''  Deputy  acquainted  the  Companie  that  at  the  end  of  the  last  Suiuer 
Hands  Court  held  the  seauenth  of  this  present  Moneth  there  came  a 
letter  vnto  his  handC  from  an  vnknowne  person  directed  vnto  him  and 
the  rest  of  the  Counsell  and  Comp*^  for  Virginia,  w''"  letter,  for  that 
many  of  the  Virginia  Comp*  ||were  then  psent||  he  caused  to  be  opened 
and  read,  the  Contents  whereof  are  as  followeth. 

A  Letter  dated  the  7°  of  Nouember  i621  directed  to  m'  Deputy  flfarrar 
and  to  the  rest  of  the  Counsell  and  Companie  for  Virginia 

You  shall  receaue  here  enclosed  40"  for  a  sermon  to  be  preached  before  the  Vir- 
ginia Companie  this  Michalraas  Terme  and  before  the  Quarter  Court  day:  The 
place  I  leaue  to  y"  Companies  appointement.  Also  1  desire  that  m''  Daniport 
may  preach  the  first  sermon  if  the  Companie  approue  hereof:  I  will  if  God 
permit  make  a  perpetuity  in  this  kinde:  So  beseechinge  j-our  good  acceptance 
of  this  smale  mite,  as  also  that  you  m"  Deput_y  performe  yo"'  promise  iu  con- 
cealinge  my  name  1  take  my  leaue  and  rest  a  daylie  orator  for 

Virginia.     [282] 


546  RECORDS  OF  TEE  VIRGINIA    COMPANY 

This  letter  beinge  read  and  the  Companie  then  present  demaunded  on 
what  day  they  would  haue  this  Sermon  preached,  it  was  then  agreed 
to  haue  it  vpon  this  day  before  the  Virginia  Companie  and  after  ser- 
mon it  was  also  vpon  mocon  agreed  to  suppe  together,  m"'  Gibbs  beinge 
entreated  to  giue  notice  hereof  to  m'  Damport  accordingly.  Nowe 
forsomuch  as  it  further  appeareth  by  the  said  Letter  that  the  Author 
of  this  Guift  hath  i)romised  vpon  the  Companies  good  acceptance 
hereof  to  make  a  ppetuity  of  this  kinde,  m"'  Deputy  therefore  moued 
that  this  Court  would  please  to  recoiTiend  it  to  the  next  Quarter  Court 
to  appoint  on  what  daye  hereafter  this  yearely  exercise  shalbe  pf ormed 
w"*"  mocon  the  Court  did  well  approue  of  and  accordingly  referred  it 
to  the  iudgemeut  of  the  Quarter  Court  to  order  it,  and  in  the  mean 
time  entreated  m'  Deputy  whoe  knewe  the  gentleman  to  signifie  the 
Companies  espeaeiall  thankC  vnto  him. 

Whereas  in  reguard  of  the  gi-eat  seruice  w''''  m'  lo  Pountis  hath  per- 
formed in  Virginia  for  the  generall  good  of  the  Plantation  as  also 
in  respect  of  his  worth  and  sufficiency  otherwise  the  Court  was  pleased 
the  10""  of  luly  last  to  conferr  vpon  him  the  place  of  Vice  admirall 
prouisionally  for  one  yeare  as  by  his  Comission  bearinge  date  the  24 "" 
of  the  same  Moneth  may  appeare  and  that  with  a  further  promise  that 
his  Comission  should  be  recomended  to  the  next  Quarter  Court  to  be 
confirmed  it  was  therefore  nowe  moued  that  accordingly  his  Comis- 
sion might  be  then  ratified  and  that  in  the  meanetime  the  said  Office 
of  Vice  admirall  might  be  stated  with  a  competent  proporcon  of  land 
and  Tenants  w"*"  may  niainetaine  them  for  the  present  vntill  some 
other  Accrues  incident  to  that  office  shalbe  allotted  him.  The  Court 
did  verie  well  approue  of  this  mocon  and  praid  S'  lo  Dauers  S'  Phil- 
lep  Carey  m'  Gibbs,  m"^  Wrote  m'  lo  Smith  m"'  Nicho :  ffarrar  m'  Ber- 
blocke  to  meet  the  next  daye  at  two  of  the  Clocke  in  the  Afternoone 
to  state  the  said  place  with  such  allowances  as  they  shall  thinke  fi.tt. 

In  treatinge  of  these  buissinesses  m''  Hawes  takinge  notice  of  the  Com - 
]janies  purpose  to  entertaine  m''  lolin  Pountis  into  their  seruice  moued 
that  whereas  certaine  priuate  men  had  aduentured  the  Some  of  iO 


NOVEMBER  U,  1621  547 

1800"  in  a  ioynt  Stocke  for  transportinge  of  men  and  diuers  goods  for 
a  ffishinge  voyage  in  the  yeare  i618  ouer  w''''  the  said  m'  Pountis  had 
charge  &  gouerm''  moued  y*  forsomuch  as  it  seemed  the  Companie 
intended  to  imploye  the  said  m"^  Pountis  in  then-  seriiice  that  they 
would  please  in  consideracon  hereof  §to  giue§  the  said  priuate  Aduen- 
turers  send  greater  pporcon  of  land  for  the  25  men  formerly  sent 
ouer  [283]  As  also  some  consideracon  for  the  goodC  remayninge 
whereof  the  Companie  might  make  good  vse.  Touchinge  the  first 
aunsweare  was  made  that  the  Companie  did  not  conceaue  m''  Pountis 
to  be  any  way  engaged  vnto  them  but  rather  had  receaued  muchpreiv- 
dice  by  their  f  ailinge  him  of  their  promised  Supplies  whereby  he  could 
effect  nothinge  for  want  of  meanes,  where  it  did  appeare  he  was  so 
much  dishartned  as  it  made  him  put  on  a  resolucon  to  come  home  for 
England  had  not  the  Companie  given  him  some  encouragm'  to  stay  by 
conferringe  this  place  vpon  him  as  also  the  managinge  of  some  other 
buissines,  As  for  such  goods  of  thers  as  yet  remayned,  It  was  lawfull 
and  free  for  them  to  make  their  best  markettC  whereby  there  could 
be  no  great  losse. 

M'  Deputy  signified  that  he  was  to  moue  the  Court  for  graunt  of  three 
seuerall  Patents  for  perticuler  Plantacons  vnto  such  as  would  vnder- 
take  to  transport  at  their  owne  charge  one  hundred  psons  a  peece  to 
Virginia  the  first  for  S'  Charles  North,  the  second  for  m''  Crowe,  the 
Third  for  m'  Leninge,  w''"  seuerall  Patents  the  Co''  gaue  order  for 
drawinge  them  vp  in  that  vsuall  forme  against  the  Quarter  Court 

Whereas  in  drawinge  vp  the  Patents  for  S"'  Richard  Worsly  and  his 
Associate  there  was  a  mistake  in  settinge  downe  of  Anthony  lenings 
for  Abraham  it  was  moued  that  erro''  might  be  amended  at  the  next 
Court  w"*"  was  graunted. 

It  was  ordered  by  consent  of  the  Aduenturers  of  the  old  magazine 
that  m''  Abraham  Chamberlen  shall  take  vp  as  much  money  here  as 
appeareth  by  the  Account  of  lohu  De  Clarke  to  be  diie  to  the  old 
Magazine  and  remaine  in  his  hand^  and  paye  the  same  ouer  to  m' 
Richard  Bull  that  a  diuident  may  be  made  to  the  Aduenturers. 


548  RECORDS  OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

The  Auditovs  also  of  the  old  Magazine  were  earnestly  entreated  to 
audite  the  Accounts  in  m"'  Essingtons  handC  and  to  givie  warrant  to 
ni'  Richard  Bull  to  paye  what  shall  appeare  to  be  due  to  euery  man, 
the  Broke  for  non  payments  at  due  times  beinge  allowed  accordinge 
to  the  orders  of  the  Magazine  vnto  w*'*'  warranto  one  of  the  last  yeares 
auditors  at  least  is  appointed  to  sett  his  hand. 

M"'  Churchill  Moone  of  the  Middle  Temple  in  London  gentleman  hau- 
inge  eight  shares  of  land  in  Virginia  allowed  by  the  Auditors  did  vpon 
request  passe  them  ouer  w""  approbacon  of  this  Court  in  manner  fol- 
lowinge  vizt :  he  assigned  4  of  them  vnto  m"'  Charles  Cratford  of  the 
midle  Temple  in  London  esqr. 

Also  he  assigned  2  to  m'  Richard  Chettle. 

And  two  vnto  m'  W"  Wheat  of  the  Midle  Temple  esqr. 

ffrauncis  Carter  also  with  like  approbacon  of  this  Co''  passed  ouer  7 
shares  of  land  in  Virginia  pcell  of  40  shares  assigned  vnto  him  by  the 
right  Hono'''®  the  Lady  Lawarr  vnto  those  seauen  psons  f  ollowinge .  [  284] 

To  Robt  Chettenly  gentle 

To  lames  Woodcocke  Marriner  . . . 

To  m'  Geo :  Butler  Clarke 

To  Isaacke  Gold  Drap 

To  lo :  Kirby  Marchantaylo"^ 

To  m'  Tho:  Wilson  Clothworker. . 
To  m''  Geo :  Cornish  haberdasher . . 

Whereas  m'  Hawes  a  free  Brother  of  this  Companie  hath  vndertaken 
to  carry  to  Virginia  diuers  passengers  as  also  diuers  goodC  of  his  owne 
to  trade  and  barter  with  the  people  of  the  Colony  for  Comodities,  he 
therefore  moued  that  he  might  haue  some  license  vnder  the  Companies 
Seale  to  be  his  sufficient  warrant  for  his  so  doinge  w"*"  request  the 
Court  thought  verie  reasonable  and  ordered  that  he  should  haue  a 
Comission  to  enhable  him  there  vnto. 


7  shares. 


NOVEMBER  19,  1621 


549 


A   Pr^paratiue   Court   held    for  Virginia  the  Nineteenth   of 

NOUEMBER  1621. 


m"'  Deputy. 

m''  Gibbs. 

m'  Bromefeild. 

m""  Risely. 

m'  Smith. 

m"^  Steward. 

m"  Wrote. 

m"^  Nicho :  Farrar. 

m"'  Sheppard. 

m'  Challoner. 


1 1  Present  1 1 

m'  Barbo^ 
m'  Bland, 
m'  Darnelly. 
m'"  Clarke, 
m''  Ayres. 
Capt:  Martin, 
m'  Casewell. 
m"'  lad  win. 
m''  Shipton. 
m'  Mellinge. 


m'  Budge, 
m'^  Swinhow. 
m'  Wiseman. 
m'  Roberta, 
m'  Baynham. 
m'  Widdowes. 
m''  Barbo'. 
m''  Geo:  Smith, 
m"'  Meuerell. 
m'  Newport. 


Vpon  readinge  of  the  former  Courts  m''  Deputy  acquainted  the  Com- 
panie  with  what  the  Comittee  appointed  by  the  said  Court  had  donn 
concerniuge  the  Statinge  of  the  Vice  admiralls  place  in  Virginia,  who 
in  eonsideracon  of  the  quality  of  the  place  haue  thought  fitt  that  300 
acres  of  land  be  allotted  vnto  the  said  Office ;  and  that  the  number  of 
12  Tenants  be  placed  therevpon  for  the  cultiuatinge  thereof  and  did 
also  thinke  fitt  that  this  land  should  be  laid  out  neare  lames  Citty  as 
fittest  for  the  Vice  admiralK  residence  in  reguard  of  the  first  arriuall 
of  Shipps  there :  m''  Deputy  therefore  moued  to  knowe  the  Companies 
approbacon  hereof  and  beinge  desired  to  put  it  seuerally  to  the  ques- 
tion, the  Court  approued  of  the  matter  of  allowance  but  differed  in 
opinion  in  the  ehoise  of  the  place,  where  this  land  should  be  sett  out, 
and  that  they  rather  thought  fitt  it  should  be  coinended  to  the  care  of 
the  Gouernor  to  appoint  the  same.     [285] 

Forsomuch  as  m''  lo.  Pountis  was  elected  Viceadmirall  of  Virginia  by 
a  generall  Court  held  the  10""  of  luly  last,  and  was  also  authorised  by 


550  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA   COMPANY 

Comission  to  execute  the  said  Office  proviisionally  for  one  yeare  vntill 
the  said  Coinission  might  be  further  confirmed  vnto  him  by  the  next 
Quarter  Court ;  m''  Deputy  therefore  moued  to  knowe  the  Companies 
pleasure  herein  for  his  longer  continuance:  Whereupon  the  Court 
agreed  both  in  reguard  of  his  sufficiency  and  generall  good  report  and 
esteeme  amonge  the  Planters,  as  also  in  reward  of  his  seruice  and 
earefull  endeauo"  to  aduance  the  publique,  that  t'his  Coinission  should 
be  continued  for  three  yeares  and  therefore  referred  it  to  the  Quarter 
Court  for  confirmacon. 

Whereas  the  CoiTiittee  appointed  to  treat  with  m'  Copland  about  the 
buildinge  of  the  East  India  Church  or  Schoole,  in  Virginia  towards 
w"''  a  Contribucon  of  70"  was  freely  giuen  by  some  of  the  East  Indy 
Company  that  came  home  in  the  Royall  lames  did  nowe  make  report 
what  speciall  reasons  moued  them  to  resolue  for  the  bestowinge  that 
money  towards  the  erectinge  of  a  Schoole  rather  then  a  Church  w^*" 
report  is  at  large  sett  downe  at  a  Court  held  the  last  of  October :  And 
further  that  they  had  allotted  1000  acres  of  land  and  fiue  Apprentices 
beside  an  Ouerseer  to  manure  it,  beside  that  beneuolence  that  is  hoped 
wilbe  giuen  by  each  man  that  send?  his  Children  thither  to  be  taught 
fortheSchoolem''mayntenance  in  his  first  begiiiinge:  with  Hw"^!!  allow- 
ance of  land  and  Tenants  beinge  put  to  the  question  was  well  aproned 
of  and  referred  for  confirmacon  to  the  Qiiarter  Court  Prouided  that 
in  the  establishment  hereof  the  Companie  reserue  vnto  themselues 
power  to  make  lawes  and  orders  for  the  better  gouerment  of  the  said 
Schoole  and  the  Revenu.es  and  proffittC  that  shall  therevnto  belong. 

It  was  further  moued  that  in  respect  m'  Copland  Minister  hath  bin  a 
ehiefe  cause  of  procuringe  this  former  contribucon  to  be  giuen  by  the 
aforesaid  Companie  and  had  also  writt  diners  Letters  to  many  ffacto- 
ries  in  the  Eart  Indies  to  moue  them  to  follow  their  good  example  for 
the  better  aduancem*  of  this  pious  worke  that  therefore  the  Companie 
would  please  to  gratifie  him  with  some  proporcon  of  land:  Where - 
v])on  the  Court  takinge  it  into  consideracon  and  beinge  also  informed 
y'  m'  Copland  was  furnishing  out  certen  psons  to  be  transported  this 


NOVEMBER  19,  1621  551 

present  voyage  to  plant  and  inhabite  vpon  such  land  as  should  be 
granted  vnto  him  by  the  Companie  they  were  the  rather  induced  to 
bestowe  vpon  him  an  extraordinary  gratilicacon  of  three  Shares  of 
land  old  Aduenture  w"""  is  300  acres  vpon  a  first  diuision  w"'out  payinge 
rent  to  the  Companie  referringe  the  further  ratificacon  of  the  said 
guift  to  the  Quarter  Court  as  also  his  admittance  of  beinge  a  free 
Brother  of  this  Company. 

Whereas  diuers  Patents  formerly  appointed  to  be  engrossed  were 
nowe  presented  to  be  read:  It  was  thought  fitt  in  reguard  the  after- 
noone  was  farr  spent  to  reserue  the  readinge  of  them  till  the  next 
Wedensday  morninge  at  w""  time  it  is  agreed  the  Quarter  Court  shall 
beginn.     [286] 

M'  Deputy  moued  for  order  to  drawe  vp  certen  Comissions  for  diuers 
Shipps  that  intended  to  goe  for  ffish  and  trade  after  they  had  deliu- 
ered  their  Passengers  and  good^  in  Virginia :  Wherevpon  order  was 
giuen  to  prepare  the  said  Coinissions  ready  against  the  next  Quarter 
Court. 

M'  Waterhouse  presented  vnto  the  consideracon  of  this  Court  certen 
Propositions  for  the  better  pformance  of  the  seruice  he  was  to  vnder- 
take  for  collectinge  the  moneys  due  from  Noble  men  and  gentlemen 
vpon  subscription :  The  Court  conceaued  them  to  be  verie  reasonable 
saue  in  the  matter  of  allowance  for  his  paiues,  for  w"*"  they  rather 
desired  m"'  Waterhowse  would  stand  to  their  curteousie  w'**  w''"  he  was 
contented,  So  that  he  might  out  of  his  Receipts  from  time  to  time  be 
pmitted  to  take  allowance  for  defrayinge  of  necessary  charges  for 
himself e  his  man  and  two  horses,  w''"  the  Companie  assented  vnto  so 
that  his  said  Charge  exceeded  not  50'  a  weeke,  and  that  accordinge 
to  his  promise  he  doe  present  his  Account  a  weeke  before  euery 
Quarter  Court  and  giue  Security  of  500",  for  such  money  as  shall 
come  to  his  handC  in  the  interim.  And  also  that  he  take  his  direc- 
cons  for  the  better  managinge  of  the  buissines  from  the  Companie, 
and  acquainte  them  from  time  to  time  into  what  partC  he  will  bend 
his  course  to  solicite  in  this  buissines. 


552  RECORDS  OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

It  was  moued  that  whereas  many  billC  of  Aduenture  were  from  time 
to  time  presented  to  the  Court  w"*"  were  found  to  be  omitted  in  the 
printed  publicacon  that  here  after  a  booke  of  purpose  might  be  kept 
to  register  the  said  names  alphabettically  for  the  ready  findinge  of 
them  vpon  any  occasions  w"*"  mocon  was  well  approued  of  and  order 
giuen  to  the  Secretary  to  see  it  donne  vnto  whome  all  such  bilK  are 
to  be  presented  that  he  may  take  the  better  notice  of  them. 

It  was  also  moued  that  such  shares  as  were  passed  ouer  from  one 
from  another  might  be  registred  alphabettically  in  a  booke  w''''  was 
also  well  approued. 

It  was  further  moued  that  whereas  since  the  printed  publicacon  many 
orders  were  established  in  Quarter  CourtC  that  did  binde  the  Com- 
panie  no  lesse  then  the  standinge  lawes  themselues  that  therefore  the 
aforesaid  Co''"'  might  be  carefully  pvsed  and  CoUeccon  made  of  all 
such  bindinge  orders  w'^''  being  further  ratified  might  be  added  to  the 
rest  of  the  lawes  in  the  printed  booke.     [287] 

It  beinge  signified  that  m"'  Essington  beinge  made  acquainted  with 
the  order  of  the  last  Court  held  the  4**"  of  this  present  Moneth  touch - 
inge  the  auditinge  of  the  Accounts  remayninge  in  his  handC  and  the 
makinge  of  warranty  to  m''  Richard  Bull  to  paye  what  shall  appeare 
to  be  due  to  euery  man,  (the  brok^  for  non  payments  at  due  times 
beinge  allowed  accordinge  to  the  orders  of  the  Magazine)  w''''  order 
for  that  it  was  net  somewhat  doubtfull  and  not  clearely  expressed  in 
this  last  order  of  Court,  he  desired  the  same  might  be  so  farr  explained 
as  the  time  may  be  pemtorily  sett  downe  when  the  brok^  shall  begin : 
Wherefore  it  was  agreed  that  accordinge  to  the  said  former  order  the 
Broke  vpon  defalt  of  the  first  payment  shall  beginn  at  Bartholmewe 
tyde,  and  for  default  of  the  other  payments  appointed  to  be  made  in 
Easter  and  Michas  Termes  the  allowance  for  broke  shall  begin  at  the 
end  of  those  Termes  and  so  forward  till  this  present  daye  and  to  run 
at  20  p  Centum  whereof  the  Auditors  were  desired  to  take  notice  and 
to  proceed  accordingly. 


NOVEMBER  9A,  1621 


553 


Captaine  Martin  ||hauinge||  peticoned  to  the  Court  for  redresse  of 
certaine  greivances  whereof  he  complained  was  admonished  that  if 
he  would  willingly  surrender  his  Patent  w'*  had  so  often  been  ques- 
tioned and  complained  of  both  here  and  by  the  Counsell  in  Virginia 
in  reguard  of  the  vnlawfull  priuiledges  passed  therein  directly  repug- 
nant to  the  standinge  lawes  of  the  Companie  since  that  time  made 
(w"*"  requires  all  graunt  of  land^  to  be  made  with  equall  fauo'  except 
the  differency  of  rent)  that  then  he  should  not  only  haue  a  newe 
Patent  as  large  as  any  but  further  the  Companie  would  be  ready  to 
affoord  him,  all  the  fauo',  and  Assistance  that  in  reason  or  iustice  he 
could  expect,  notwithstandinge  this  admonicon  Capt  Martin  refused 
to  surrender  his  said  Patent,  and  said  he  would  exhibite  his  peticon 
vnto  the  next  Court  and  stand  to  the  iudgement  and  censure  of  that 
Hono"® :  Assembly  touchinge  the  priuiledges  of  his  said  Patent.   [288] 


At  a  obnerall  QuAitTEn  Court  ||held||  for 

Virginia  on  Wedensday  in  the 

forenoone  the  21  of  nouember  1621 


Present. 


m'  Deputy. 

m'  Challon'. 

m'  Mellinge. 

m'  Gibbs. 

m""  Barbo^ 

m'  Bennett. 

m'  Wrote. 

m'  Bland. 

m'  Wiseman. 

m'  Shippard. 

m''  Ay  res. 

m''  Baynham. 

m'  Nicho:  ffarrar. 

m'  Caswell. 

m'  Widdowes. 
With  diners  others 

It  beinge  formerly  ordered  by  the  preparatiue  Court  that  in  reguard 
of  many  buissinesses  that  were  to  be  dispatched  this  Daye  the  Court 
should  begin  in  the  forenoon  to  examine  such  Patents  as  were 
appointed  to  be  made  ready  against  this  Court  as  also  such  Comis- 
sions  as  were  to  be  grauuted  to  m"  of  Shipps  to  ffish  and  trade,  the 


554  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

said  PatenK  and  also  the  Drafts  of  the  Comissions  beinge  nowe  pre- 
sented to  this  Court  were  read  and  §after  examinacon  beinge  put  to 
y'  question  ■were§  well  approued  of. 

The  Patents  were  these  vizt. 
Patent  to 

Arthur  Swaiue  x"  for  plantinge  of 100  psons 

Rowland  Truloue  x"  for 100 

lohn  Crowe  x^^ 100 

m'  Edw:  Ryder 100 

m'  Symoud  Leeke 100 

Daniell  Gookin 300 

m^  Edw :  Bennett 100 

S^  Charles  North 100 

m'  Leninge 100 


Aduenturers 


Plantei's 


The  Comissions  granted  for  ffishing  C  trade  were  these  vizt' 

lo :  Huddleston  ni''  of  the  Bona  Nona of  200  tun 

Tho :  Smith  m'  of  the  Hopewell  of  of 60  tun 

Daniell  Gale  m''  of  the  Darlinge  of 40  tun 

Capt.  Tho :  lones  m"^  of  the  Discoueiy  of 60  tun 

Whereas  it  appeareth  by  the  printed  booke  of  names  of  the  Aduen- 
turo"  that  one  lo :  Clapham  paid  25"  into  the  Treasury  who  lately 
died  intestate.  It  was  therefore  moued  this  Court  would  please  to 
confirme  the  said  two  shares  of  §laud§  vnto  m'  ^  Clapham  being 

his  next  heire,  But  in  respect  no  BillC  of  Aduenture  could  be  showen 
to  proue  the  deceased  Clapham  to  be  that  lo  Clapham  menconed  in  this 
printed  booke  the  Court  remained  in  some  doubt  least  he  was  not  the 
same  man  and  therefore  haue  respited  the  graunt  of  the  said  Shares 
till  his  claime  appeare  to  be  iust  by  some  clearer  evidence.     [289] 

'Three  of  these  commissions,  bearing  this  date,  are  mentioned  in  List  of  Records,  Nos.  276-278, 
page  151,  ante. 

'A  blank  space  in  the  manuscript. 


NOVEMBER  21,  1G21  555 

At   a    OENEIIALL    QUARTER   HELD   ON 

Wedenhday  in  the  Afternoone  for 
Virginia  the  2i  of  Nouemb:  i621 

Present. 

S' lo :  Dauers.  Do' Anthony, 

m' Deputy.  m'' lo:  Smith, 

m'  GibbC.  m"^  Shippard. 

m' Wrote.  m' Nicho :  ffarrar. 

m'  Challoner. 

m''  Bromefeild  m''  Lent  ni''  Steward  m"'  Porter  ni''  Binge  Capt  Bar- 
graue  m'  Paulavicine  m'  Barbo'  Capt:  Martin,  ni'  Bull  nV  Couell  in' 
Leuer  m'  Rogers  m"'  Ayres  m'  Wiseman  m'  Copland  m'  Whitly  m' 
Caninge  m''  Swinhowe  m'  Baynham  m'  Baron  m'  Mellinge  m'  Haek- 
ett  m'  Roberta  m'  Meuerell  m'  Lawrence  m'  Morewood  m""  Sparrowe 
m'  Berblocke  m''  Hawes  in''  Trueloue  m'  Seaward,  m"'  Bolton  m'  Peake 
m'  Rider  m'  Phesie  m'  Viuer  m'  Widdowes  m'  Ditchfeild  m'  Heck- 
ford  m'  Ley  m'  Waterhowse  m'  Newport  with  diners  others 

Vpon  readinge  of  the  former  Quarter  Court  holden  for  Virginia  the 
13*"  of  lune  last,  some  thing?  beinge  obserued  to  haue  been  eomended 
to  the  care  of  seuerall  Comittees  who  could  not  well  meet  because  the 
buissinesses  were  appointed  in  the  longe  vacacon  when  most  gentle- 
men were  out  of  Towne  it  was  therefore  nowe  againe  propounded  and 
desired  that  the  same  Coihittee  would  please  to  take  those  matters 
againe  into  their  consideraeons  namely  the  Comittee  appointed  for 
drawinge  vp  the  Bill  to  be  preferred  to  this  present  Parliament  to 
moue  that  howse  that  the  poorer  sort  of  people  that  encrease  in  mul- 
titude and  swarme  in  all  places  of  the  Kingdome  might  be  sent  to 
Virginia  at  the  comon  charge  of  the  pishes  where  they  line  and  where 
they  are  exceedinge  burdensome  the  Comittee  nominated  were  these 
vizt 

S'  Dudly  Diggs. 

S'  Edwin  Sandys. 

S'  lohn  Dauers.  [290] 


556  RECORDS  OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

And  whereas  it  was  then  thought  fitt  and  desired  that  a  publicb  Decla- 
racon  might  be  made  as  well  to  the  Companie  of  Loudon  as  to  all  other 
Citties  and  Townes  of  this  Kingdome  that  haue  aduentured  any  Somes 
of  mony  towardC  the  Plantacou  in  Virginia  to  let  them  knowe  what 
proporcons  of  laud  belougC  vuto  them  in  respect  of  their  said  Aduen- 
tures  and  what  proffittC  they  may  make  thereof  by  plantinge  good  and 
staple  Comodities,  as  also  what  the  perticuler  charge  of  transportinge 
peoj:)le  and  prouisious  thither  wilbe  vnto  them  It  beinge  formerly 
referred  to  a  select  Coinittee  vizt. 

S''  Edwin  Sandys.  m'  Wrote. 

S""  lo :  Dauers.  m"^  Craumer. 

m'  Deputy  ffarrar.  m'  Berblocke. 

m''  lo:  Smith.  m'  Secre  Dauison. 
m''  Gibbs. 

They  are  nowe  againe  entreated  to  take  some  paines  in  drawinge  vp 
of  the  said  Publieacou  that  such  as  haue  bin  Aduenturers  may  be 
stirred  vpto  plant  their  land,  w"'' wilbe  to  the  great  aduancement  of  the 
generall  Plantacou  aswell  as  their  owne  priuate  benifitt. 

M'  Deputy  signified  that  the  Auditors  accordinge  to  the  order  of  the 
Quarter  Court  in  lune  last  had  made  a  true  and  perfect  Account  of 
all  such  somes  of  money  as  haue  bin  receaued  by  the  benifitt  of  the 
Runinge  Lotteries,  and  had  also  in  the  said  Accounts  declared  the 
vses  wherevpon  the  said  moneyes  haue  bin  expended  from  time  to 
time  for  the  aduancement  of  the  Plantacou,  w'^''  Accounts  they  had 
accordinge  to  the  direccon  of  the  said  Court  presented  in  all  humble 
Duetie  and  thankefullnes  vnto  his  Ma"^  The  whole  Court  SoiTie 
of  w''*'  Account  amounted  to  about  29000"  as  may  appeare,  though  it 
was  by  diuers  reported  to  haue  bin  a  farr  greater  SoiTie. 

Hee  further  signified  that  m"'  Barbo'  hauinge  had  his  Accounts  pticu- 
lerly  examined  by  the  Auditors  touchinge  his  receipts  by  the  said  Lot- 
teries who  aiidited  the  same  the  last  Terme  and  allowed  thereof  for 
w*"''  he  was  then  to  haue  had  his  Quietus  est,  m'  Deputy  therefore 
moued  that  he  might  nowe  haue  it  at  this  Quarter  Court,  but  m'^Barbo'' 
rather  desired  that  his  Quietus  est  might  be  respited  till  the  next 


NOVEMBER  9A,  IGM  hhl 

Quarter  Court  and  that  in  the  meane  while  his  hook^  of  Account? 
might  euery  Co''  day  be  brought  in  and  laid  vpon  the  Table  to  be 
veiwed  and  pvsed  and  excepted  against  if  any  erro"'  could  be  found, 
but  if  no  exception  in  the  meane  while  could  be  taken  thereat  he  praid 
he  might  then  haue  his  Quietus  est. 

Whereas  the  Companie  had  formerly  contracted  with  Captaine  Norton 
for  settinge  vp  of  a  glasse  furnace  in  Virginia  to  make  glasse  and 
beadC  (as  by  the  pticulers  of  the  said  Contract  more  at  large  may 
appeare)  It  was  nowe  declared  that  for  somuch  as  the  Charge  of  fur- 
nishinge  out  the  said  Capt  Norton  (when  it  came  to  be  pticulerly 
examined)  did  farr  exceed  that  pro])orr*on  w"''  he  had  before  proposed 
to  the  Companie  insomuch  as  the  Comon  Stocke  beinge  altogether 
exhausted  was  no  way  able  to  pforme  the  same,  So  that  this  great 
worke  whereof  the  Companie  had  conceaued  so  good  a  hope  was  like 
to  haue  fallen  to  nothinge  for  want  of  sufficient  meanes  [291]  to  goe 
forward  with  it,  for  w''*'  cause  the  Company  hauinge  giuen  it  ouer  it 
pleased  certen  priuate  Aduenturers  to  vphold  the  same  and  therevpou 
entertayned  the  bargaine  made  with  Capt:  Norton  and  the  Italians 
vpon  like  condicons  as  the  Companie  had  Donn,  and  yet  beinge  unwil- 
linge  to  exclude  y"  Companie  from  a  buissines  so  much  eoncerninge 
them  they  did  agree  they  should  ioyne  w""  them  in  a  fourth  pt  of  y* 
Charge  and  so  ptake  a  4""  of  y"  benefitt  that  should  any  waies  accrue 
thereby  In  consideracon  whereof  as  also  for  their  better  encouragem' 
the  said  Aduenturers  nioued  that  the  Companie  would  please  to 
bestowe  amongst  them  all  the  landC  that  should  be  due  for  transpor- 
tacon  of  people  sent  thither  to  be  imployed  vpon  the  said  worke,  w*^** 
moeon  the  Court  conceaued  to  be  verie  reasonable  and  fitt  to  be 
graunted  in  respect  of  the  great  charge  they  haue  and  must  still  be  at 
in  prosecucon  thereof,  beinge  therefore  put  to  the  question  the  Court 
confirmed  the  same  vnto  them. 

M"^  Deputy  signified  that  whereas  it  pleased  the  Companie  to  rest  the 
exhibiting  of  his  Accounts  till  this  Quarter  Court  in  respect  that 
moneyes  were  not  then  ready  to  discharge  those  debtC  w''*'  he  and 
some  others  stood  engaged  for  for  many  kindC  of  prouisions  taken  vp 
for  the  vse  and  seruice  of  the  Company  yet  hauinge  nowe  satisfied  a 


558  RECORDS    OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

good  pt  of  the  said  DebtC  (so  as  there  remayned  onely  but  100"  for  the 
Companie  to  paye)  he  thought  good  to  present  his  Account  as  it  was 
though  not  full)'  perfited  that  they  might  be  acquainted  with  the  State 
thereof  and  so  leaue  it  to  theu*  pleasure  for  the  auditinge  of  it,  but  the 
Court  eonceaued  it  more  convenient  to  respit  the  same  till  the  next 
Quai'"  Court,  hopinge  by  that  time  sufficient  meanes  wovild  come  in 
to  the  full  finishing  of  his  Account. 

Concerninge  S"'  Edwin  Sandj^s  Account  m''  Deputy  signified  that  he 
would  err  longe  be  here  himself e  to  present  the  same  vnto  them,  when 
he  doubted  §not§  but  he  would  giue  the  Companie  good  satisfaccon. 

The  Coiiiittee  appointed  by  the  former  Court  hauinge  taken  into  con- 
sideracon  what  proporcou  of  allowance  they  eonceaued  to  be  neces- 
sarie  for  the  present  support  and  mayntenance  of  a  Vice  admirall  in 
Virginia  whereof  they  conceaiied  there  was  a  verie  great  necessity 
and  that  the  want  of  si;ch  an  Officer  haue  bin  no  smale  losse  and 
preiudice  vnto  the  Companies  Shipps  and  prouisions  and  other  pub- 
lique  seruice  haue  thought  fitt  in  respect  of  the  quality  of  the  place  to 
state  the  same  w""  300  acres  of  land  and  the  niimber  of  12  TenantC  to 
be  placed  therevpon  for  the  plantinge  and  cultiuatinge  thereof  w"*" 
allowances  were  thought  verie  reasonable  and  therevpon  beinge  put 
to  the  question  were  ratified  and  confirmed. 

And  for  somuch  as  m'  lo :  Pountis  was  espeacially  recomended  for  the 
said  place  of  Vice  admirall  in  respect  of  his  sufficiency  and  continuall 
reguard  of  the  publique  good  §&§  of  the  Comi)anies  du'eccons  (in 
consideracon  whereof  he  was  by  a  former  Court  chosen  to  execute  the 
said  place  by  Comission  prouisioually  for  one  yeare  vntill  it  might  be 
further  confirmed  vnto  him  bj^  order  of  a  Quarf  Court)  It  is  therefore 
nowe  agreed  and  ordered  that  the  said  lo :  Pountis  shall  continue  in 
the  place  of  Viceadmirall  for  three  yeares  begihing  from  the  date  of 
these  presents     [292] 

Whereas  there  was  a  contribucon  of  70"  freely  giuen  by  certaine  gen  - 
tlemen  and  Marriners  of  the  East  India  Companie  y'  came  home  in 
the  Royall  lames  w''*'  they  desired  might  be  imployed  towards  the 


NOVEMBER  21,  1621  559 

buildinge  either  of  an  East  ludy  Church  or  Schoole  in  Virjs^nia  at  the 
Choise  of  the  Virginia  Companie :  Wherevpon  it  beinge  referred  to  a 
Cofnittee  and  by  them  taken  into  consideracon  they  did  nowe  certifie 
that  many  important  reasons  had  moued  them  to  agi-ee  in  opinion  y' 
the  said  moneyes  were  fitt  to  be  imployed  for  the  liuildinge  of  a  free 
Schoole  in  Virginia  w^"  they  likewise  thought  fitt  should  be  called  the 
East  Indy  Schoole  in  bono''  of  the  said  Benefactors  they  also  signified 
further  that  an  vnknowne  person  out  of  a  zealous  affeccon  to  aduance 
so  pious  a  worke  had  giuen  30"  more,  both  w''"'  Somes  were  nowe 
brought  into  the  Court  and  laid  vpon  the  Table  It  was  also  further 
declared  in  the  report  of  the  said  Coiuittee  beinge  entred  at  large  in 
the  Court  held  the  last  of  October  that  they  thought  fitt  for  the  mayn- 
tenanee  of  the  said  Schoolem"'  and  his  Vsher  to  be  placed  in  the  said 
Schoole  to  allowe  no  lesse  then  1000  acres  of  land  and  fine  psons 
beside  and  Ouerseer  of  them  w"^  they  thought  fitt  should  be  forthwith 
sent  vpon  this  former  charge  (in  condicon  of  Apprentices)  to  manure 
and  cultiuate  the  said  lands,  w''"  allowance  of  land  and  Servants  beinge 
intended  for  this  as  a  Collegiate  Schoole,  the  Court  conceaued  to  be 
verie  reasonable  and  therevpon  beinge  put  to  the  question  were 
accordingly  confirmed. 

fforsomuch  as  it  was  also  informed  that  m'  Copland  was  a  good  meanes 
by  his  owne  example  to  moue  the  aforesaid  Companie  to  giue  that 
contribucon  of  70"  beinge  Preacher  in  the  said  Shippe  and  had  further 
allso  writt  to  diuers  ffactories  in  the  East  Indies  to  stuT  them  vp  to 
the  like  charitable  contribucon  towards  this  pious  worke :  It  was  there  - 
fore  thought  fitt  and  ordered  that  the  said  m'  Copland  by  waye  of 
gratificacon  should  haue  3  shares  old  Aduenture  bestowed  vpon  him 
as  a  free  guifte  and  should  also  be  admitted  a  free  Brother  of  the 
Company. 

It  was  likewise  moued  that  the  Companie  would  please  to  adinitt  m' 
Balmeford  into  their  Society  in  respect  he  had  deserued  so  well  by  his 
often  attendance  at  Courts  and  readynes  to  doe  the  Comjianie  seruice, 
ffor  w"''  cause  the  Court  hath  made  him  free  and  do  intreat  his  accus- 
tomed paines  and  attendance  in  the  seruice  of  the  Companie. 

16455— VOL  1—06 36 


560  RECORDS  OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

M'  Waterhowse  beinge  formerly  choseu  and  appointed  to  collect  the 
moneyes  from  such  as  are  indebted  to  the  Company  vpon  subscriptions, 
hauinge  nowe  presented  his  Propositions  and  agreem*'  made  with  the 
appointed  Comittee  who  thought  fitt  to  allowe  him  50'  a  weeke  for  his 
rydinge  charges  duringe  his  imployment  to  be  taken  out  of  his  receipts 
from  time  to  time  and  that  a  further  eonsideracon  should  be  had  of  his 
paines  and  trauell  herein,  w'*'  w"**  m'  Waterhowse  was  contented  and 
promised  to  solicite  the  Bis^'  that  were  behinde  gratis :  The  Court  there  - 
fore  takinge  the  said  allowances  into  their  eonsideracon  did  well  aproue 
thereof  and  beinge  put  to  the  question  confirmed  the  same  vnto  him 
promisinge  to  deale  liberally  with  him  vpon  discharge  of  that  [293] 
buissines,  and  further  also  for  his  better  encouragement  in  so  good  a 
worke  as  he  hath  vndertaken  they  haue  admitted  him  to  be  a  free 
Brother  of  the  Companie :  And  touchinge  his  Comission  w"""  he  is  to 
haue  under  the  Companies  Seale  whereby  to  authorise  him  to  collect 
the  said  moneyes  the  Court  hath  referred  it  to  S''  lohn  Dauers  assisted 
with  any  fower  other  of  the  Counsell  to  drawe  the  same  vp  and  beinge 
accordingly  engrossed  they  haue  authorized  m''  Deputy  to  seale  it  with 
the  legall  Seale. 

Intelligence  was  giuen  that  my  Lord  Bp :  of  Rochester  beinge  solicited 
for  the  moneys  remayninge  in  his  hand^  vnto  the  Companie  vpon 
Colleccon  made  in  his  P^  Diocesse  hath  paid  in  the  Some  of  20^^  to 
be  imployed  towards  the  buildinge  of  the  Colledge  in  Virginia. 

Whereas  Captaine  Martin  preferred  a  peticon  to  the  Preparatiue 
Court  complayninge  of  diners  greivances  w"''  he  desired  the  Companie 
to  take  into  their  consideracons,  an  offer  was  made  vnto  him  that  if  he 
would  surrender  his  old  Patent  w''*'  had  bin  so  often  questioned  and 
complained  of  both  by  the  Companie  here  and  by  the  Gouernor  and 
Counsell  of  State  in  Virginia  in  respect  of  the  vnlawfull  priuiledges 
therein ;  directly  contradictinge  the  standing  orders  of  the  Companie 
w''"  required  all  Patents  to  be  made  alike  w*"  equall  fauo''  (exceptinge 
the  difference  of  Rent)  vnto  all,  he  should  then  not  only  haue  a  newe 
Patent  in  as  large  and  ample  manner  as  any  other  whatsoeuer  but 
should  also  haue  what  further  fauo"'  and  assistance  for  redresse  of  his 
said  greiuances,  as  the  Companie  in  equity  could  afford  him,  notwith- 


NOVEMBER  21,  1621  561 

standings  this  admonicon  and  faire  offer  Capt:  Martin  refused  to 
drawc  deliuer  vp  his  said  Patent  sayinge  that  he  would  peticon  to 
the  Quarter  Court  touchinge  the  i)remisses,  and  stand  to  the  censure 
and  iudgement  thereof  Wherevpon  the  matter  beinge  nowe  againe 
propounded  and  a  Coppie  of  his  Patent  openly  read  many  iust  excep- 
tions were  taken  thereat  in  respect  it  contayned  greater  imunities 
then  the  Companie  may  or  can  graunt  by  the  King^  Letters  Patents, 
in  somuch  as  the  Court  thought  fitt  for  their  better  informacon  to 
referr  it  to  a  select  Cofnittee  to  be  reveiwed  and  therevpon  did 
nominate 

m''  Herbert.  m"'  lermyn. 

m'  Brooks.  m'  Wrote. 

m"^  Earle.  m'  Nicho:  ffarrar. 

m'  Gibbs. 

authorisinge  them  or  any  fower  of  them  to  meet  about  the  same  at 
m""  ffarrars  bowse  when  m"^  Deputy  shall  appoint  and  to  call  Capt: 
Martin  before  them  and  to  require  a  sight  of  the  said  Patent  and 
whatsoeuer  other  writinge  that  may  concerne  the  same  w''''  they  are 
entreated  diligently  to  pvse  and  examine  and  to  make  report  of  their 
proceeding^  together  wth  their  opinions  touching  the  validity  thereof 
at  the  next  Quarter  Court.     [294] 

M'  Deputy  gaue  notice  of  nine  PatentC  nowe  presented  in  Court  to 
passe  the  seale  of  the  Companie  hauinge  been  perticulerly  examined 
by  the  morningC  Court  w"*"  did  approue  of  them  w*^*"  Patents  were  of 
Two  sortC  the  one  of  such  as  were  Aduenturers  by  moneys  paid  into 
the  Treasury  for  w"""  they  had  allowed  100  acres  of  land  for  euery  sin  - 
gle  share  of  Twelue  pounds  Ten  shillings  the  other  beinge  for  Plan- 
ters only  who  had  allowed  fifty  acres  for  euery  person  transported  to 
Virginia :  Accordinge  to  w"*"  two  formes  the  said  Patents  were  drawne 
and  accordingly  engrossed  ready  for  the  Seale  being  these  that  followe. 

To  Arthur  Swayne  Nathaniell  Basse  Aduenturers  and  to  their  Asso- 
ciate who  vndertake  to  transj^ort  100  psons  to  Virginia. 
To  Rowland  Truloue  and  diuers  other  Patentees  Aduenturers  &  to 
their  Associate  who  vndertake  to  transport  100  psons. 


562  RECORDS  OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

To  lohn  Crowe  of  Newton  in  the  County  of  Washford  in  Ireland 

esquii-e  an  Aduenturer  who  vndertak^  to  transport  100  psons. 

To  Edw:  Rider  and  his  Associate  an  Aduenturer  vndertakinge  to 

transport  100  psons. 

To  Capt  Symon  Leeke  Planter  vndertakC  x''  100  psons. 

To  Daniell  Gookin  of  Corke  in  Ireland  Planter  x"  300  psons. 

To  Edw:  Bennett  Robert  Bennet  Richard  Bennett.  Thomas  Ayres 

Thomas  Wiseman  and  Richard  Wiseman  Planters  who  vndertaketh 

for  200  psons. 

To  S''  Charles  North  of  Wakringham  in  the  County  of  Nottingham 

for  100: 

To  m'  Leninge— 100 

So  that  the  whole  nixmber  vndertaken  by  the  Aduenturers  &  Planters 

to  be  transported  to  Virginia  comes  in  all  to  1200  psons. 

All  w"*"  PatentC  beinge  put  to  the  question  were  confirmed  and  ordered 

to  be  sealed. 

M''  Deputy  likewise  moucd  signified  of  4  Coinissious  appointed  for 
fower  m"  of  Shipps  nowe  bound  for  Virginia  for  transportacon  of  peo- 
ple and  goodC  and  after  for  a  ffishinge  voyage  ^"^  Coiuissions  were 
nowe  engrossinge  for  the  scale  the  drafts  hauinge  been  examined  and 
approued  of  by  the  morning^  Court  vizt 

The  first  Comission  was  to  lohn  Huddlestone  m'  of  the  Bona  Noua  of 

about  200  Tun. 

To  Tho :  Smith  m^  of  the  Hopewell  of  60  tun 

To  Dan :  GatC  m^  of  the  Darlinge  of  40  tun 

To  Capt :  Thorn  lones  m'  of  the  Discouery  of  60  tun. 

All  w*  Comissions  the  Court  authorised  m'  Deputy  to  seale.     [295] 

M'  Hawes  moued  that  whereas  the  Companie  had  graunted  a  Patent 
for  a  pticuler  Plantacon  to  S''  Robert  Heath  then  Recorder  of  London 
and  to  his  Associate  who  were  not  expresselj^  named  that  therefore 
the  said  Patent  might  be  renued  and  haue  their  names  inserted  therein 
^ych  i-gq^gsi;  -^as  thought  verie  reasonable  and  well  assented  vnto. 

It  was  also  moued  and  thought  fitt  that  all  such  as  had  any  shares 
passed  ouer  vnto  them  by  order  of  Court  or  were  otherwise  Planters  or 


NOVEMBER  M,  1621  563 

Associate  vnto  any  such  as  were  Planters  or  had  vpon  their  priuate 
charge  sent  any  persons  to  Virginia,  would  please  within  some  rea- 
sonable time  to  declai-e  themselues  vnto  the  Court  that  notice  might 
be  taken  of  their  names  to  be  registred  in  a  booke  for  that  purpose 
to  be  kept  whereby  they  might  be  admitted  to  come  vnto  CouitC :  It 
beinge  otherwise  against  the  order  of  the  Companie  for  any  to  present 
himself e  in  Court  before  he  be  admitted. 

Whereas  the  Auditors  of  the  old  Magazine  were  earnestly  entreated 
to  audite  the  Accounts  in  m"'  Essingtons  HandC  and  to  giue  warrant 
to  m"'  Richard  Bull  to  pay  what  shall  appeare  to  be  due  to  euery  man 
the  Broke  for  non  payments  at  due  times  beinge  allowed  accordinge 
to  the  orders  of  the  Magazine  ffor  somueh  as  it  was  informed  that  m' 
Essington  desired  some  better  explanacon  of  the  said  order  touch- 
ing the  times  when  the  said  Broke  are  to  take  their  begihinge  It  is 
found  by  pervsall  of  the  bookC,  that  it  was  ordered  that  the  Broke 
vpon  default  of  the  first  jjayment  should  begin  at  Bartholmewe 
tyde,  and  for  default  of  the  other  payment  appointed  to  be  made  in 
Easter  and  Michas  Termes,  the  allowance  for  broke  should  begin 
at  the  end  of  those  Termes,  and  so  forward  till  this  present  daye 
and  to  run  at  20  p  Centu  and  that  the  Auditors  should  be  certified  of 
this  and  desired  to  proceed  accordingly. 

Whereas  a  mocon  was  made  in  the  former  Court  that  for  somueh  as 
many  Bills  of  Aduenture  were  passed  presented  to  the  Court  from 
time  to  time  w''''  were  found  to  be  omitted  in  the  Printed  Publicacon 
that  therefore  the  booke  might  be  hereafter  kept  alphabettieallwise 
conteyninge  the  names  of  all  such  Aduentur"  w''*'  mocon  was  well 
approued  of  and  order  giuen  to  the  Secretary  to  see  it  donn  vnto 
whome  all  such  bills  are  to  be  deliuered  that  he  may  register  theu- 
names  whome  it  doth  concerne. 

It  beinge  further  moued  in  the  former  Court  and  referred  to  the  cou- 
sideracon  of  this  great  Court,  that  whereas  since  the  printed  Publica- 
con many  orders  were  established  in  Quarter  Courte  that  did  binde 
the  Companie  no  lesse  then  the  standiuge  lawes  themselues  that 
therefore  the  aforesaid  Courte  might  be  pvsed  and  [290]  Colleccon 


564  RECORDS   OF  TEE  VIROINIA  COMPANY 

made  into  what  part  of  all  such  §bindinge§  orders  w''"  beinge  further 
ratified  might  be  added  to  the  rest  of  the  Lawes  in  the  Printed  bookes 
The  Court  approued  well  of  this  Proposition  and  haue  therefore 
recomended  it  to  the  care  of  a  select  Coinittee  to  see  it  donn  vizt. 

S'  Edwin  Sandys.  m""  Wrote. 

S'  lohn  Dauers.  m"'  Ro:  Smith, 

m"^  Deputy.  m"^  Nicho :  ffarrar. 

m'  Gibbs.  m'  Caswell. 

After  these  thingC  were  thus  ordered  m'  Deputy  aduertized  the  Com- 
panie  that  he  was  to  acquaint  them  with  a  waightie  buissines  namely 
the  pi'oceedinge  of  some  former  CourtC  touchinge  the  LordC  of  the 
Priuy  Counsell  their  late  proposieon  and  coinaund  for  bringinge  in 
all  their  Tobacco  into  England  to  paye  the  custome  here  due  for  that 
his  Ma"  revenues  (as  it  was  alledged  by  y®  tts)  could  not  other  wise 
be  vpheld  concerninge  w''*'  that  this  Court  might  the  better  vnder- 
stand  the  whole  proceed  of  this  buissines  from  the  verie  begininge 
thereof  to  that  pointe  and  period  it  was  brought  vnto,  and  wherevpon 
it  nowe  resteth  he  desu*ed  they  would  please  to  heare  the  same  read  in 
order  as  it  was  pseeuted  w'^''  buissines  began  the  15*  of  October  last 
and  so  forward  as  may  appeare  by  the  seuerall  Courts. 

W"''  beinge  read  m'  Deputy  made  two  requests  vnto  y*  Company,  the 
first  was  to  knowe  whither  they  did  approue  of  that  he  had  donne  by 
the  aduise  and  direccon  of  the  lisaidH  Courts  touchinge  the  former 
Propositions,  the  second  was  that  they  would  nowe  please  to  deliuer 
their  opinions  freely  what  course  they  conceaued  best  to  take  to 
release  the  Companie  of  this  strict  coinaund  and  to  restore  them- 
selues  to  their  former  liberty,  and  the  I'ather  for  that  it  was  expected 
that  this  ||Court||  especially  (wherevnto  it  was  referred)  should  do 
somethinge  herein  and  not  omitt  to  declare  their  resolucon  touchinge 
this  present  buissines  concerninge  the  first  the  Court  did  generally 
assent  therevnto  testifyinge  their  good  approbaeon  of  their  pceedingC 
and  of  their  aunsweares  made  vnto  the  lordC  of  the  Counsell  fi*eely 
acknowledginge,  that  as  the  Cash  stood  more  could  not  haue  bin 
pformed,  but  for  the  other  request  concerninge  the  Companies  expresse 


NOVEMBER  21,  1621  565 

resolucons  touchinge  the  pointe  in  question,  it  was  thought  fitt  to 
respite  the  same  vntill  some  longer  time,  forsomueh  as  the  Parliam' 
might  happily  effect  somethinge  that  might  ease  the  Companie  of 
that  care  &  labo"'  yet  was  it  also  held  fitt  that  a  choise  and  large 
Coinittee  should  nowe  be  appointed  to  consult  about  this  buissines 
and  prepare  the  same  against  there  should  be  further  cause  giuen  to 
moue  them  to  take  some  course  for  remedy  hereof  wherevyjon  these 
herevnder  named  were  nominated  and  desired  to  meet  vpon  the  next 
Satturday  followinge  at  two  of  the  Clocke  in  the  afternoone  at  m' 
ffarrars  howse  vizt 


Lo:  Cauendish. 

Lo:  Padgett. 

S^Edw:  Sackuill. 

S'ffran:  Egiocke. 

S'  Dudly  DiggC. 

S'  lo:  Dauers. 

S'  Walter  Earle. 

S'  Sam:  Sandys. 

S'  Phil :  Carey. 

S'LawrHyde.     [297] 

S'Eo:  Phillip. 

m"  Deputy,  m'  Gibbs,  m"'  Wrote,  m'  Nicho:  Hide  m'  Brooke  m'  ler- 
myn  m'  Challon'',  m''  Kightly  m'  Roberte  m'  Bateman  m'  Ro :  Smith 
m''  Ditchfeild  m''  Caswell  m''  Ayers  m'  Abraham  Chamberlen  m''  Bland 
m"'  Bull  m''  Barbo""  m"'  Nicho:  ffarrar  m"'  Smith  m'  Cauinge. 

After  this  a  mocon  was  made  that  for  somuch  as  many  Excellent 
Proiects  had  bin  propounded  at  diuers  CourtC  in  this  last  vacacon 
when  many  gentlemen  were  out  of  Towne,  whereby  they  could  not 
take  that  notice  of  them  that  was  fitt  that  therefore  they  might  nowe 
againe  be  read  and  published  in  open  Court,  seinge  they  did  not  onely 
tend  to  the  great  benifitt  of  the  Aduentui*ers  that  were  interessed 
therein  but  also  to  the  great  hono"^  and  aduancem'  of  the  geuerall 
Plantaeon  as  would  more  plainely  appeare  by  the  RollC  themselues 
beinge  read  vnto  them  wherevpon  order  was  giuen  for  readinge  of 
them  seuerally. 

The  first  beinge  for  settinge  vp  of  a  glasse  furnace  in  Vu'ginia  for 
makinge  of  glasse  and  beads  for  the  vse  and  benifitt  of  the  Colony  to 


566  RECORDS  OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

trade  w^^all,  to  w"''  end  certeu  Italians  and  others  to  the  number  of 
16  psons  were  ah-eady  sent  w"*"  worke  is  hofjed  by  this  to  be  in  a  good 
forwardnes  sett  vp  in  aduancement  whereof  diners  Adu^enturers  had 
vnderwi'itten  x"  a  peece  beinge  the  Some  proposed  to  be  paid  by  each 
Aduenturo'^w"''  is  to  be  imployed  in  a  lointe  Stocke:  So  that  that  per- 
ticuler  Roll  was  already  come  to  the  Some  of  500". 

A  second  Roll  was  a  Magazine  for  prouisions  of  Apparrell  and  other 
necessaries  whereof  the  Colony  stood  in  great  need  and  did  earnestly 
desire  to  be  supplied  w''''  was  nowe  prouided  and  the  Shippe  Departed 
w"^*"  was  like  to  returne  good  jjroffitt  vuto  the  seuerall  Aduenturers 
vnto  w""*"  Roll  there  was  already  vnderwritt  for  a  lointe  Stocke  1800''. 

The  Third  Roll  was  for  sendinge  of  MaydC  to  Virginia  to  be  made 
Wyues,  w'^''  the  Planters  there  did  verie  much  desii'e  by  the  want  of 
whome  haue  sprange  the  greatest  hinderances  of  the  encrease  of  the 
Plantacon,  in  that  most  of  them  esteeminge  Virginia  not  as  a  place  of 
Habitacon  but  onely  of  a  short  soiourninge  haue  applyed  themselues 
and  then-  labo"  wholly  to  the  raisinge  of  present  proffitt  and  vtterly 
neglected  not  only  staple  Coinodities  but  euen  the  verie  necessities  of 
mans  life,  in  reguard  whereof  and  to  preuent  so  great  an  inconven- 
ience hereafter  whereby  the  Planters  mind^  may  be  the  faster  tyed  to 
Virginia  by  the  bondC  of  Wj'ues  and  Children,  care  hath  bin  taken  to 
prouide  them  younge  handsome  and  honestly  educated  maydC  whereof 
60  are  already  sent  to  Virginia  being  such  as  were  specially  recomended 
vnto  the  Companie  for  their  good  bringinge  vp  by  their  parents  or 
fi-iendC  [298]  of  good  worth:  W''  maydC  are  to  be  disposed  in  mar- 
riage to  the  most  honest  and  industrious  Planters  who  are  to  defraye 
and  satisfie  to  the  Aduenturors  the  charges  of  their  passages  and  pro- 
uisions at  such  rat<  as  they  and  the  Aduenturors  Agents  there  shall 
agree  and  in  case  any  of  them  faile  through  mortality  it  is  ordered 
that  a  proporconable  addicou  shalbe  made  vpon  the  rest,  In  the  fur- 
therance of  w''*'  Christian  Accon  diners  of  the  said  Aduenturors  had 
vnderwritt  diuers  good  soines  of  money  none  vnder  8"  whereby  the 
whole  Some  of  that  Roll  did  already  amount  to  800"  as  may  appeare 
by  the  subscriptions. 


NOVEMBER  21,  1621  567 

The  ffourtli  Roll  was  intended  for  a  most  certaine  and  benificiall  trade 
of  ffurrs  to  be  had  w""  the  Indians  in  Virginia  in  the  lymittC  of  the 
Southerne  Colony,  it  beinge  credibly  informed  both  by  letters  from 
the  Gouei-nor  and  Counsell  of  State  in  Virginia  as  also  by  relacon  of 
others  of  the  great  Trade  of  ffurrs  w'^''  is  yearely  made  by  the  ffrench 
and  Duch  Shipps  in  a  verie  great  pi'oporeon  in  D'  Lawarr  and  Hud- 
sons  Riuer  beinge  not  aboue  30  or  50  leagues  distant  from  the  Plan  - 
tation  and  for  that  there  is  at  this  present  so  good  an  opertunity 
offered  for  the  cheape  and  safe  managing  of  the  said  Trade  it  hath 
moued  many  of  the  former  Aduenturo'"  to  subscribe  vnto  this  Roll, 
Also  wherein  it  is  so  ordered  that  none  shall  subscribe  aboue  100"  nor 
any  man  for  lesse  then  20''.  Whereof  onely  a  Third  part  for  the 
present  voyadge  is  to  be  imployed  in  w''*'  Roll  there  is  already  vnder- 
written  the  Some  of  900"  w''"  Shippe  is  also  departed.' 

The  fift  Roll  w"*"  is  the  last  though  not  the  least  in  estimacon  is  for 
the  sendinge  of  Shipi')wrightC  and  howse  Carpenters  to  Virginia  where 
plenty  of  niaterialls  is  to  be  had,  So  that  the  onely  want  was  of  Skill- 
full and  sufficient  workemen  in  those  kinde  of  professions  whereof 
Diuers  did  nowe  offer  themselues  to  goe,  w'"  whome  the  Colony  beinge 
once  furnished  they  will  in  short  time  be  enhabled  with  Pynnaces 
and  BoatC  to  make  further  discoueries  vp  into  the  Countrie  and  by 
meanes  of  bowses  ready  framed  to  their  handC  and  afforded  at  reason  - 
able  rat^  the  Planters  there  and  such  as  come  newe  ouer  wilbe  able  to 
furnish  themselues  from  time  to  time  with  substantiall  howses  well 
built  and  in  a  good  manner  to  the  comfort  of  the  Inhabitants  and 
future  strength  of  the  Plantacon. 

Herevpon  it  was  signified  that  it  was  not  the  intent  and  meaninge  of 
the  former  priuate  Aduenturers  to  exclude  any  or  to  appropriate  the 
same  the  same  only  to  such  as  had  already  vnderwritten  but  that  it 
was  free  for  any  member  of  the  Companie  to  ioyne  w'"  them  and  ptake 
of  the  bono'  and  [399]  and  proffitt  that  would  arise  vnto  them 
thereby  wherevpon  many  gentlemen  then  present  did  offer  themselues 

'  A  letter  to  the  Colony  by  the  Couipany,  concerning  the  third  and  fourth  Rolla,  is  mentioned  in 
List  of  Records,  No.  279,  p.  151,  ante. 


568 


RECORDS  OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 


to  become  Aduenturers  and  subscribed  vnto  some  of  the  said  Rolls 
But  f 01'  somuch  as  it  was  nowe  growue  late :  It  was  moued  that  the 
Rolls  might  be  presented  at  euery  Court  between  this  and  the  next 
Quarter  Court,  to  the  end  that  such  as  were  disposed  might  subscribe 
vnto  them. 

Notice  was  giuen  of  a  certaine  gentleman  lately  come  out  of  Ireland 
that  offered  to  transport  Cattle  to  Virginia  at  easie  ratC :  It  was  there- 
fore moued  that  such  as  were  desirous  to  send  any  Cattle  thither 
would  please  to  acquaint  m'  Deputy  therewith  that  they  might  proceed 
to  a  further  treaty  with  the  said  Gentlemen. 

M'  Deputy  also  signified  that  there  were  diuers  verie  good  Shipps 
offred  to  goe  to  Virginia  and  therefore  moued  that  such  as  had  either 
good<  or  Passengers  would  giue  notice  of  their  names  that  preparacou 
might  be  made  accordingly. 


At  a  Court  held  for  Virginia  on  Wedensday 
THE  4™  December  1621 


m'  Deputy. 

m'  Gibbs. 

m"^  Wrote. 

m''  Shippard. 

m'  Nicho :  ffarrar. 

m'  Edwards. 

m'  Ay  res. 

m'  Rogers. 

m"^  Abraham  Chamblen. 


m'  Wiseman, 
m'  Bland, 
m"'  Mellinge. 
m'  Meuerell. 
m'  lad  win. 
m'  More  wood, 
m'  Widdowes. 
m'  Baynham. 
m""  Viner. 
m'  Woodall. 


m'  Cuffe. 
m'  Geo:  Smith, 
m''  Webbe. 
m"^  Sparrowe. 
m"^  Newport, 
m"^  Whitely. 
m'  Barbo^ 
m''  Swinhowe. 
Capt:  Bargraue. 


Whereas  fey  the  last  Quarter  Court  appointed  a  great  Comittee  to  take 
into  consideraeon  the  Propositions  of  the  Lords  of  the  Counsell  for 
bringing  in  all  their  Tobacco  into  England  coneerninge  w""  the  said 
Comittee  were  entreated  to  giue  their  best  aduise  and  to  prepare  some 


DECEMBER  4,  1621  569 

reasons  touching  the  same  (against  occasion  should  be  offered)  m' 
Deputy  did  nowe  signifie  vnto  the  Court  that  some  of  the  said  Com- 
ittee  did  meete  accordinge  to  the  appointement  but  in  reguard  there 
were  but  fewe  then  present  they  thought  fitt  to  adiourne  their  proceed - 
ingC  vntill  some  other  time. 

Captaine  Leeke  presentinge  a  Letter  to  this  Court  from  the  right 
Hono'''"  the  Lord  Chamberlen  directed  vnto  the  Counsell  and  Com  - 
panic  of  Virginia  w"''  beinge  opened  and  read,  it  appeared  that  his  Ip 
moued  for  twoe  things  in  the  behalfe  of  Capt :  Leeke  the  one  was  that 
he  might  be  made  one  of  the  Counsell  of  State  in  Virginia  (where  he 
intends  to  plant  himselfe)  the  other  that  he  might  haue  the  place  of 
Collonellpp®:  conferred  vpon  him  in  respect  of  his  sufficiency  and 
experience  to  pforme  that  office  w""  place  Capt :  Leeke  himselfe  also 
said  [300]  that  he  affected  onely  for  the  honors  sake  w'^out  desir- 
inge  to  put  the  Companie  to  any  Penny  charge  for  the  same  where - 
vpon  the  Court  beinge  willinge  to  satisfie  his  lp°  so  farr  as  conveniently 
they  might  in  respect  of  his  Ip'  good  affection  vnto  the  Plantacon  and 
hono*"''  endeauo"  to  aduance  the  same  hath  therefore  made  choise  of  a 
select  Coinittee  to  take  it  into  their  consideracon  vizt 

S"^  lohn  Dauers.  m"'  Wheatly. 

m''  Gibbs.  m'  Ayres. 

m"^  Wrote.  m"^  Rogers, 

m' Nicho :  ffarrar.  m'' Roger  Smith, 

m'  Abraham  Chamblen.  m'  Baynham. 
m'  Mellinge. 


^to'- 


or  any  5  of  them  who  for  the  better  expidicon  of  the  buissines  in 
reguard  of  m^  Leeks  sodaine  goeinge  into  the  Country  are  desired  to 
meete  this  next  ffriday  beinge  the  6°  of  this  present  Moneth  about 
two  in  the  Afternoone  at  m"^  ffarrars  and  are  entreated  to  make  report 
of  their  opinions  touchinge  the  premisses. 

ffor  somuch  as  it  was  formerly  ordered  at  a  Court  held  the  14"'  of 
Nouember  last  by  the  consent  of  the  Aduenturers  of  the  old  Magazine 
that  m'  Abraham  Chamberlen  should  take  vp  as  much  money  «s  here 


570  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

as  appeared  by  the  Account  of  lohu  D'  Clarke  to  be  due  to  the  old 
Magazine  and  remayninge  in  his  hand^  and  paye  the  same  ouer  to 
m'  Rich :  Bull  that  a  Diuident  might  be  made  to  the  Aduenturers 
before  Christmas;  It  was  nowe  complaned  that  the  said  order  was 
not  pformed  But  m''  Abrah :  Chamblen  said  that  he  had  not  as  yet 
lohn  D'  Clarkes  Account  whereby  he  might  knowe  what  was  due 
vpon  the  foote  thereof  but  beinge  brought  vnto  him  he  hath  promised 
that  vpon  the  cominge  of  the  Post  from  Midleburrough  who  was  nowe 
expected  w^'in  two  dayes  if  it  shall  appeare  by  lohn  D'  ClarkC  letter 
he  hath  not  already  transmitted  the  money  to  be  paid  here,  it  shall 
then  remaine  still  in  lohn  D'  Clarks  handC  and  he  will  forthwith  take 
vp  somuch  here  and  paye  the  same  ouer  vnto  m"'  Bull  aecordinge  to 
the  former  order. 

A  mocon  was  made  that  f  orsomuch  as  certen  errors  were  supposed  to 
be  ptly  in  the  Virginia  Companies  Receipts  and  ptly  in  the  paym*° 
whereof  a  Colleecon  had  bin  made  of  some  pticulers  amountinge  to  a 
good  Some  nowe  presented  in  Court  and  read  that  therefore  the  same 
might  be  referred  vnto  the  Auditors  to  be  further  examined  whereby 
the  said  Accounts  might  be  righted  w"*"  mocon  the  Court  assented  vnto 
and  ordered  the  same  to  be  donn  by  the  Auditors  who  are  afterward 
to  giue  Account  of  their  proceeding^  touchinge  the  same. 

Vpon  intelligence  giuen  of  one  Thomas  Butler  sett  short  one  share  in 
the  printed  booke  and  of  m'  Wheatly  sett  short  two  shares  the  Sec- 
retary was  willed  to  take  notice  thereof  and  to  enter  them  into  the 
Booke  for  that  purpose  ordered  to  be  kept.     [301] 

Captaine  Bargraue  moued  that  for  somuch  as  Captain  Martin  intends 
to  sett  forward  for  Virginia  nowe  about  Christmas  that  some  present 
course  might  be  taken  for  endinge  the  differences  between  them  the 
former  Comittees  hauinge  as  yet  made  no  end  thereof. 


DECEMBER  19,  1621  571 

At  a  Court  held  for  Virginia  the  19"^"  of  December  1621 

Present 

S"'  lo  Dauers.  Capt:  Bargraue. 

S'  Walter  Earle.  m^  Barbo^ 

8'  Edw :  Lawly.  m"'  Ayres. 

m''  Deputy.  m''  Leuer. 

m'  Gibbs.  m''  Paula vicine. 

m'  Wrote.  m"'  Copland, 

m'' lo:  Smith.  m"' Baynham. 

m""  Ro:  Smith.  m""  ffelgate. 

m"'  Wroth.  m''  Mellinge. 

m'  Nich :  ffarrar.  m''  Woodall. 

m''  Balmford.  m''  Newport. 

m"  Shippard.  m''  Roberta. 

Capt:  Leeke.  m' Cuffe. 

with  many  others. 

The  Committee  appointed  by  the  former  Court  to  treat  with  Capt : 
Leeke  hauing  some  of  them  mett  and  taken  into  consideraeon  his 
two  request?  namely  to  be  one  of  the  Counsell  in  Virginia  and  to  haue 
a  Collonellp :  there  for  w"''  it  had  pleased  my  Lo :  Chamblen  by  his 
Hono""'"  Letter  to  recomend  him  vnto  this  Companie  did  nowe  make 
report  that  they  had  agreeed  accordinge  to  his  Lp"  Desh-e  to  recomend 
Capt  Leeke  to  the  next  Quarter  Court  to  admitt  him  one  of  the  Coun  - 
sell,  but  for  his  other  request  namely  to  be  Collonell  gen^all  ouer 
the  whole  body  of  the  Plantacon,  they  conceaued  it  a  ]daee  of  that 
eminent  Comaund  as  it  was  not  iu  their  power  especially  boiuge  so 
fewe  to  creat  or  constitute  so  great  an  officer,  and  therefore  thought 
fitt  to  leaue  to  the  further  consideraeon  of  this  Court :  Her^vpon  the 
Court  agreed  to  respite  the  same  till  further  aduise  were  taken 
therein :  In  the  meane  time  S'  lo :  Dauers  is  desired  to  acquaint  my 


572  RECORDS  OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

Lo:  Chamberlen  w'"  those  important  reasons  that  moued  them  here- 
vnto  whereby  they  trust  his  Ip:  will  remaine  satisfied. 

Whereas  Hm"^!]  Abraham  Chamblen  had  formerly  promised  to  take  vp 
so  much  money  here  as  appeared  by  the  Account  of  lo:  D'  Clarke  to 
remaine  in  his  handC  for  tbe  Tobacco  sold  by  him  at  Midleburrough, 
fforsomuch  as  lohn  D'  Clarke  had  aduertized  by  letter  that  he  had 
trusted  out  some  pt  of  the  Tobacco  to  be  paid  at  certaine  dayes  w"*" 
were  not  yet  due,  m'  Chamblen  therefore  moued  that  the  money 
might  be  forborne  till  lohn  De  Clarke  had  receaued  it,  beinge  pswaded 
%b«it  §it§  was  sure  enough,  but  in  the  meane  time  he  desired  he  might 
not  be  tied  to  his  former  pmise  least  for  his  good  will  and  paines 
freely  bestowed  for  the  Companie  he  should  run  into  an  inconven- 
ience.    [302] 

The  Auditors  appointed  for  the  old  Magazine. 

m'  Kightly.  m'  Clethero. 

m'  Cranmer.  m'  Bland, 

m'  Bull.  m''  Caswell, 

m'  Ayres.  m'  Mellinge. 

m'  Abdy.  m''  Cuffe. 

are  entreated  to  pfect  those  Accounts  and  it  is  required  that  m'' 
Essington  make  no  more  warranto  for  paym'  of  moneys  but  that  the 
Auditors  pforme  the  same  after  they  haue  sett  those  Accounts  right 
who  are  likewise  to  take  notice  that  it  is  nowe  agreed  and  ordered 
that  those  that  haue  already  taken  out  their  CapitalK  of  Tobacco 
shall  haue  no  part  of  the  Diuident  in  money,  but  such  as  haue  taken 
out  but  part  shall  haue  so  much  allowed  in  money  as  may  make  them 
equall  with  the  rest  that  are  to  receaue  vpon  the  Diuident  of  mony. 

M'  Edwards  and  m'  Ditchfeild  beinge  at  a  Sumer  IlandC  Court 
appointed  to  repaire  to  S'  Tho :  Smith  for  such  writing^  and  bookC  as 
concerned  the  Sumer  IlandC  are  desired  likewise  to  §en§treat  of  him 
the  Lottery  bookC  to  the  end  they  may  be  examined  by  the  Auditors. 


DECEMBER  19,  1621  573 

The  Auditors  for  the  generall  Collcdgc  §  Accounts  §  for  the  Companie 

S'  Edwin  Sandys.  m'  Gibbs. 

S'' lo:  Daiiers.  m"^  Kightly. 

m''  lo :  ffarrar  Dept.  m"^  Cranmer. 
m'  lo  Wroth. 

are  desired  by  order  of  this  Court  to  meete  euery  ffriday  in  the  after - 
noone,  at  S''  Edwin  Sandys  howse  and  to  beginn  vpon  ffriday  next  to 
examine  such  supposed  erro"  as  haue  bin  obserued  ptly  in  the  Com  - 
panies  receipts  and  ptly  in  the  payments  whereof  a  Colleccon  hath 
bin  made  of  some  pticulers  and  if  the  errors  be  so  found  by  the  Audi- 
tors then  the  Casheires  to  be  required  to  make  good  the  defects  and 
proue  the  rest  of  the  payment?  by  the  seuerall  Receipt?  remayninge 
in  their  hand?  or  el?  not  to  be  allowed  of  by  the  Auditors. 

M"^  Edward?  mouinge  for  payment  of  some  money  due  vnto  him  many 
yeares  agoe  for  Comodities  sold  the  Compa :  for  w'^''  he  was  neuer  yet 
paid  it  was  referred  to  the  Auditors  to  be  further  enquired  of. 

Capt :  Bargraue  being  required  by  the  Companie  to  giue  his  aunsweare 
nowe  in  Co'*  for  the  500''  he  stood  indebted  to  the  Magazine  Companie 
llfor  w*|i  there  was  a  sute  between  hime  and  Alderm:  lohnson  and 
others  nowe  dependinge  in  ^be  Chauncery  said  that  as  soone  as  the 
said  cause  were  heard  w""  he  hoped  would  be  w'"  the  first  the  next 
Terme  hauinge  procured  my  Lo :  Keeps  pemptorie  order  for  it  that 
then  he  would  discharge  the  said  Debt  if  it  were  due  vnto  the  Com- 
panie.    [303] 

ffrauncis  Carter  w'*"  the  approbacon  of  this  Court  passed  ouer  two 
shares  of  land  in  Virginia  beinge  pcell  of  the  40  Shares  assigned  vnto 
him  by  the  right  Hono'''"  the  Lady  Lawarr  vnto  m'  Ro :  Hall  of  Grais 
Inn. 

Also  one  Share  of  land  more  vnto  m'  Rich :  Delbridge  of  Barnstable 
in  the  County  of  Devon  marchant. 


574 


RECORDS  OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 


M'  Bamfeild  signified  vnto  the  Court  of  a  booke  compiled  by  a  paine- 
full  Schoolm'  one  m'  lohn  Brinsly :  Wherevpon  the  Court  gaue  order 
that  the  Companies  thankC  should  be  giuen  vnto  him,  &  appointed 
a  select  Comittee  to  pvse  the  said  Booke  vizt 


S'  lohn  Dauers. 
m"'  Deputy, 
m'  Gibbs. 
m''  Wrote. 
m'  Binge. 


m"^  Bamfeild. 
m'  Copland, 
m'  Ayres. 
m'  Nicho :  ffarrar. 


who  are  entreated  to  meete  when  m'  Deputy  shall  appoint  and  after 
to  make  report  of  their  opinions  touchinge  the  same  at  the  next  Com-t. 


AT  A  Court  held  for  Virginia 
ON  Wedensday  the  16  OF  Iaotja:  i621 


m''  Deputy, 
m"'  Gibbs. 
m'  Wroth, 
m'  Wrote, 
m'^  Kightly. 
m"^  Shippard. 
m'  Nicho :  ffarrar. 
m'  Barbo'. 


1 1  Present  1 1 

m"'  Caswell, 
m"'  Rogers, 
m"'  Roberta, 
m'  Rich:  Smith, 
m' lad  win. 
m''  Waterhowse. 
m"'  Mellinge. 
m'  Cuffe. 


m'  Copland, 
m'  Caswell, 
m""  Caps, 
m"^  Darnelly. 
m"'  Swinhowe. 
with  diuers. 


The  Comittee  appointed  to  pvse  the  bookC  w"*"  m'  lo:  Brinsly 
Schoolm'  presented  at  the  last  Court  touchinge  the  educacon  of  the 
younger  sort  of  Schollers,  for  somuch  as  they  had  yet  no  time  to  pvse 
the  same  by  reason  of  many  buissinesses  that  did  occurr  they  desired 
of  the  Court  some  longer  respite  w''"  was  graunted  vnto  them  m'  Cop  - 
land  beinge  present  was  entreated  to  pvse  it  in  the  meane  time  and 
deliuer  his  opinion  thereof  vnto  the  said  Comittees  at  their  meetinge 
about  it. 


JANUARY  16,  1622  bib 

W  Deputy  signified  that  one  Theodore  Wadsworth  m'  of  the  Geo :  of 
London  of  about  100  Tun  (beinge  bound  for  Virginia)  did  desire  a 
Comission  for  transportinge  of  60  Passengers  w""  their  Prouisions  w*"" 
was  graunted  and  order  giuen  to  m"'  Deputy  to  seale  it.     [304] 

He  further  also  signified  that  one  m'  Henry  Southey  a  Somersett- 
sheire  gentleman  did  desire  a  Patent  for  a  pticuler  Plantaeon  in  Vir- 
ginia to  him  and  his  Associate  vndertaking  to  transport  one  hundred 
psons  thither  (hauinge  sent  some  already)  Wherevpon  the  Court  gaue 
order  for  the  drawinge  up  of  a  Patent  for  him  in  the  vsuall  forme 
against  the  next  Quarter  Court. 

Hee  further  signified  that  whereas  a  Patent  was  graunted  to  Capt : 
Nath:  Bassey  and  ||other||  his  Associate  for  a  pticuler  Plantaeon  it 
was  desired  that  the  Patent  might  be  renued  onely  for  inserting  the 
names  of  such  as  were  to  be  his  Associats  w^""  the  Court  assented  vnto. 

M'  Deputy  acquainted  the  Court  that  one  m'  Leat  a  Minister  beinge 
heretofore  in  Newfoundland  and  preacher  there  whome  m'  Slany  the 
marchant  coiliended  for  his  ciuill  and  good  carriage  the  said  m"^  Leat 
hauinge  upon  conference  wth  some  of  Virginia  heard  a  good  report  of 
that  Comittcc  ||Countrey||  was  nowe  desirous  to  goe  oner  not  mean- 
inge  to  put  the  Companie  to  any  further  charge  then  onely  to  furnish 
him  with  necessaries  and  such  bookC  as  shall  be  vsefull  vnto  him 
llhopingll  they  would  please  to  recomend  him  to  the  Gouernor  (w"' 
whome  he  desires  to  remaine  till  a  place  in  that  Countrie  become 
voide)  that  he  may  be  then  preferred  w"''  request  the  Court  thought 
verie  reasonable  and  referred  him  to  the  generall  Coinittee  to  be 
treated  and  concluded  w""  touchinge  some  moderate  allowance  to  be 
bestowed  vpon  him  and  haue  appointed  him  to  preach  vpou  sonday 
come  sennight  in  S'  Scyths  Church  in  the  afternoone  proposinge  seu- 
erall  Text^  vnto  him  to  take  his  choise,  but  beinge  more  willing  to 
take  what  text  the  Companie  would  giue  him  they  haue  appointed 
him  the  9*''  of  Isay  2°  verse. 

M'  Nicholas  ffarrar  beinge  formerly  chosen  Treasuror  by  the  Aduen- 
turors  of  the  glassework^  moued  that  for  somuch  as  he  had  issued  out 

16455— VOL  1—06 37 


576  RECORDS  OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

their  names  accordinge  to  their  direccons  and  therevpon  made  vp  his 
Accounts  that  therefore  some  might  be  appointed  to  audite  his  said 
Accounts :  Wherevpon  the  Court  entreated  m''  Kightly  on  the  behalf e 
of  the  Companie  and  these  other  hereafter  named  on  the  behalfe  of 
the  said  Aduenturers  to  examine  and  audite  the  said  Account  vizts. 

m''  Gibbs.  m''  Melhnge. 

m"'  Wrote.  m'  Swinhowe 

m'  Barbo'.  m'  Wroth, 

m'  Darnelly.  m'  Roberta. 

who  are  entreated  to  meet  at  m'  ffarrars  vpon  Satturday  about  9  in 
the  morninge  to  this  purpose.     [3()5] 

Herevpon  m'  Deputy  moued  that  not  onely  a  Coppie  of  this  perticuler 
Account  after  the  same  be  once  audited  but  also  the  Coppies  of  all 
other  Account?  in  like  manner  beinge  audited  and  allowed  might 
remayne  in  the  Counsel!?  Chest  to  be  forth  cominge  when  soeuer  they 
shalbe  required  w"""  mocon  was  well  approved  and  ordered  accordingly 
to  be  obserued  &  kept. 

Informacon  was  giuen  that  an  vnknowne  person  had  made  offer  to 
vndertake  the  prosecutinge  of  a  Proiect  in  Virginia  for  w"""  he  would 
paye  a  good  rent  vnto  the  Companie  and  after  seauen  yeares  it  should 
be  free  for  any  to  vse  the  same:  But  the  Companie  beinge  much  dis- 
couraged w'**  Do'  Bohuns  proiect  w''"'  promised  much  benifitt  but  in 
the  end  came  to  nothinge  were  vnwillinge  to  giue  waye  to  any  such 
newe  proiect?  but  rather  wished  the  Proiector  to  explaine  himselfe 
freely  to  some  of  the  Companie  what  it  was  he  aymed  at  and  they 
would  be  ready  to  afford  him  all  lawefull  fauo'  and  assistance  in  so 
worthie  an  enterprize. 

M'  Deputy  acquainted  the  Companie  that  whereas  m''  Ban-et  a  very 
sufficient  Shippwright  ||was||  entertained  to  goe  to  Virginia  about  a 
Moneth  hence  for  settinge  out  of  whome  and  his  Comp*  diners  had 
vnderwritten  good  Somes  of  money  as  appeared  by  the  Roll  of  Boate- 
wright?  and  howse  Carpenters  nowe  presented  in  Court  w"""  Roll  for 


JANUARY  ^1,  len 


mi 


somuch  as  it  was  not  yet  fully  made  vp  to  that  Soine  w**"  so  great  a 
worke  did  require  it  was  therefore  moued  that  such  as  were  desirous 
of  the  hono''  and  proffitt  that  would  hereby  aerue  would  please  to 
vnderwrite  vuto  the  said  Roll. 


At  a  Court  holden  for  Virginia 
THE  21  OF  January  1621 


m"'  Deputy, 
m''  Gibbes. 
m"'  Wroth, 
m"'  Wrote. 
m"^  Kightly. 
m^  Nich :  ffarrar. 
m'  Couell. 
m"  Woodall. 


m"'  Wheatly  m^ 
m''  Bland, 
m''  Bromefeild. 
m'  Roberta, 
m"'  Caswell. 
m'  EdwardC. 
Capt:  Tucker. 


m'  Rogers, 
m'  Meuerell. 
m'  Cuffe. 
m''  Swinhowe. 
m''  Palmer, 
m''  Barbo^ 
m'  Mellinge. 


This  Court  beinge  called  to  heare  the  Propositions  of  Martins  Hun- 
dred Society  beinge  to  receaue  their  Patent  the  said  Aduenturo"  made 
a  request  in  the  name  of  S'  lohn  Wolstenholme  Knight  and  diuers 
other  of  the  Companie  that  they  might  seuer  themselues  from  such 
as  refused  to  proceed  in  that  Plantacon  and  the  next  Quarter  Court 
being  the  30""  of  this  present  Moneth  haue  a  new  Patent  graunted 
vnto  them  and  some  others  who  with  them  hath  of  late  sent  a  large 
Supply  of  people  to  Virginia  w"''  requ[est]  [306]  although  the  Court 
after  much  debate  conceaued  is  not  onely  fitt  and  convenient  but  also 
iust  and  necessarie  as  could  not  be  Denied  yet  to  the  intent  that  no 
mans  right  might  be  preiudiced  vpon  the  mocon  of  §some  of  §  the  first 
Aduenturers  that  refused  now  to  proceed  there  was  a  select  Coiiiittee 
chosen  to  heare  and  receaue  any  obieccons  that  could  be  made  vnto 
the  conti'ary  and  it  was  ftft4  ||ordered||  that  pticuler  notice  of  this 


578  RECORDS  OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

biiissines  be  giiien  vnto  euery  man  by  leaving  this  order  at  his  howse 
on  Thursday  next  beinge  the  24""  of  this  present  the  said  Comittee 

Hare  these ||  vizt 

S'lorDauers.  m'' Wrote, 

m'  Gibbs.  m'  EdwardC. 

m^  Wroth.  Capt  Tucker, 
m''  Kightly. 

are  appointed  to  meete  about  2  in  the  afternoons  at  m'  ffarrars  howse 
in  S*  Scyths  Lane. 

M'  Woodall  hauinge  heard  in  what  good  and  orderly  sort  the  said 
Aduenturers  did  intend  to  proceed  to  aduance  that  Plantation  and 
beinge  fully  satisfied  in  those  obieccons  w''*'  moued  him  to  refuse  to 
come  in  at  the  first  did  nowe  make  a  proffer  that  if  the  Companie 
would  be  pleased:  to  accept  of  his  paym'  in  Cattle  w'^"  should  be  deliu- 
ered  vnto  them  in  Virginia  he  would  then  willingly  make  vp  his 
former  Supplies  to  the  proporcon  of  10''  the  share  for  so  many  as  he 
Vnderwritt  for  w"*"  offer  the  Court  accepted  of  prouided  he  giue  his 
Bond  for  the  pformance  of  his  promise  either  in  Cattle  §at  such  rates  § 
as  they  are  sold  in  Virginia  or  to  pay  so  much  in  money  here,  w"""  he 
promised  to  doe. 

M'  Wrote  signified  that  he  was  to  make  a  request  vnto  the  said  Aduen- 
turers of  Martins  Hundred  in  the  behalf e  of  a  frend  of  his  a  gentle- 
man of  good  worth  and  Sufficiency  namely  m"'  George  Mordan  of 
North  walsam  in  the  County  of  Norff  esqr  who  was  desirous  wfee  after 
they  had  settled  and  compossed  this  buissines  to  come  in  amongst 
them  for  three  shares,  if  he  might  be  admitted  a  free  brother  of  the 
Companie,  and  because  the  said  gentleman  should  seldome  be  here 
himself e  by  reason  of  his  remote  dwelling  he  did  also  desire  that  him- 
selfe  might  in  his  absence  supply  his  person  and  giue  his  voice  as 
freely  as  if  he  were  here  himselfe  present  both  w''''  requests  beinge 
taken  into  cousideracon  the  said  Companie  were  pleased  to  assent 
vnto  as  well  for  makinge  the  said  gentleman  free  as  for  admittinge 
m'  Wrote  to  haue  free  voice  amongst  them  in  the  said  gentlemans 
absence     [307] 


JANUARY  38,  1622 


579 


A  Prjeparatiue  Court  held  for  Virginia  in  the  Afternoone 
ON  Wedensday  the  28^^  Ianua:  1621 


S'  lo  Dauers. 

S''  lo:  Wolstenholme. 

m'  Deputy. 

m"'  Wrote. 

m'  Wheatly. 

m''  Caswell. 

m''  Kightley. 

m'  Viuer. 


m''  Copland, 
m"^  Balmford. 
m''  Eweus. 
m"'  Widdowes. 
m'  Mellinge. 
m''  Cuffie. 
m'  Bull, 
m'^  Hackett. 
m^  Roberts. 


m'^  Barbo'. 
m'  Waterhowse. 
m'  Nicbolls. 
m''  Essiiigton. 
m'  Meuerell. 
m'  Swinhowe. 
m'^  Leat. 
m'  Shiptou  llw''' 

diuers  otbersi 


The  Patents  formerly  ordered  to  be  drawne  vp  were  uowe  presented 
to  the  Court  to  be  read  vizt. 

A  Patent  to  S"'  Geo:  Yeardley  and  his  Associate  whol 

being  an  Aduenturer  vndertake  to  transport )  psous 

The   second  to  m"'  Leueson   Aduent  vudertakinge   to  1 
transport | 

A  third  to  Capt:  Nath:  Basse  and  his  Associate 100 

A  fourth  to  Capt :  W™  Welden  a  Plant  vudertakinge  to  [ 
transport ) 

A  fift  to  m"^  Caps  a  Planter  vndertaking  to  transport . . .        100 

A  sixt  to  Henry  Southey  of  Rimptou  in  Soniersett  sheire  I 
a  Planter  vudertakinge  to  transpoi-t I 

ill  all  800  psous 

W"''  Patents  beiuge  examined  and  read  were  put  to  the  question  and 
by  ereccon  of  hand?  approued  of  and  reeoiuended  to  this  next  Quart "■ 
Court  to  passe  the  Scale  of  the  Compauie. 


580  RECORDS  OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

The  Patent  likewise  for  Martius  Hundred  was  also  appointed  to  be 
drawne  vp  against  the  next  Quarter  Coui-t  and  the  Companie  entreated 
to  meet  in  the  forenoone  to  examine  the  same  that  it  might  be  ready 
to  pass  the  Seale  with  the  other  Patents.     [308] 

A  letter  was  brought  to  the  Court  by  an  vnknowne  pson  directed  to 
the  Hono*"'*  Companie  of  Virginia,  contents  whereof  are  sett  downe 
verbatim  in  the  Quarter  Com't  followinge  this. 

W''  Letter  beinge  read  the  Companie  did  much  reioyce  to  heare  that 
it  had  pleased  God  still  to  stirr  vp  so  worthie  a  benifacto''  vnto  the 
Plantation :  And  because  the  said  Letter  contayned  some  matter  of 
waight  in  it,  This  Court  thought  fitt  to  referr  it  to  the  consideracou 
of  the  Quarter  Coui't  when  the  Companie  were  desu-ed  (accordinge  to 
the  request  of  the  said  Letter)  to  giue  some  Account  howe  the  said 
first  money  was  imployed  for  the  better  satisfaecon  of  the  Donor. 

M'  Waterhowse  presented  in  writinge  the  Aunsweares  of  such  as  he 
had  solicited  for  moneys  due  vpon  their  subscripcon  vnto  the  Com- 
panie, by  w''"  it  appeared  that  diuers  had  Acquittances  to  showe  for 
payment  of  those  moneys  they  are  charged  with,  and  some  others 
desired  time  to  consider  thereof  The  Court  thought  fitt  to  recomend 
it  to  the  Auditors  to  take  such  course  therein  as  they  should  see  cause : 
Where\T3on  S''  lo:  Dauers  signified  that  he  had  moued  my  Lord 
Keeper  for  the  Assistance  of  his  Lps  Letter  vnto  such  as  should 
refuse  to  paye  in  their  moneys  due  vpon  subscripcon  to  the  Companie 
And  that  it  pleased  his  Ip:  to  promise  §his  lfes§  should  be  ready  if 
occasion  were  offered. 

And  in  reguard  m'  Waterhowse  had  taken  great  paines  about  solicit - 
inge  for  moneys  and  had  giuen  so  good  an  Account  of  what  he  had 
already  donn  It  was  vpon  mocon  thought  fitt  to  bestowe  \q)on  him 
two  shares  of  land  old  Aduenture  w"*"  beinge  put  to  the  question  was 
well  approued  of. 

The  like  reward  of  two  Shares  of  land  was  thought  fitt  to  be  bestowed 
on  m'  Balmeford   in  respect  of  his  often  attendance  at  CourtC  and 


JANUARY  S8,  16W  581 

Desire  to  doe  the  Companie  sei-uice  w""  was  also  approued  and  there - 
Arpon  as  the  other  referred  to  the  Quarter  Court  for  confirmacon. 

Notice  was  giuen  that  m"'  Euans  produced  BillC  of  Aduenture  for  fiue 
shares  of  land  whereas  in  the  printed  booke  he  was  sett  downe  but 
fower  to  rectifie  w""  the  Court  gaue  order  to  the  Secretary  to  note  this 
Defect  in  his  Alphabetticall  booke:  And  for  somuch  as  m'  Euans 
desired  to  passe  two  of  his  said  Shares  vnto  ni'  Tho:  Newton,  the 
Aditors  hauing  allowed  thereof  the  Court  was  pleased  likewise  to  giue 
their  approbaeon.     [309] 

Intelligence  was  also  giuen  that  one  m"'  Tho:  Leuison  (beinge  the 
gentleman  that  thath  nowo  taken  a  Patent  for  a  pticuler  Plantacon) 
did  make  it  appeare  by  his  seuerall  BilK  of  Aduenture  vnder  the 
Companies  Scale  that  there  was  Due  vnto  «*'  ltW"||  Leuison  his 
ffather  deceased  seauen  Shares  of  laud  for  moneys  paid  into  the  Treas- 
ury whereas  in  the  printed  booke  he  had  but  three  sett  downe  so  that 
fower  of  his  Shares  were  cleane  left  out  whereof  the  Secre  was  willed 
to  take  notice. 

M'  Deputy  signified  that  m''  Copland  hauing  had  some  shares  of  land 
bestowed  vpon  him  by  the  last  Quarter  Court  in  reward  of  his  good 
desertC,  did  nowe  moue  that  he  might  haue  his  said  Shares  confirmed 
vnto  him  vnder  the  Companies  Scale  with  allowance  of  fiftie  acres 
for  euery  person  that  he  and  his  Associate  shall  transport  with  such 
other  priuiledges  and  yifiunities  as  shalbe  thought  fitt  and  necessarie 
w''''  mocon  was  well  approued  of  and  order  giuen  to  the  Secre  to  drawe 
an  Instrument  against  the  Quarter  Court  to  that  purpose:  Where - 
vpon  it  was  also  moued  and  thought  fitt  that  this  fauo'  should  be 
extended  generally  to  all  that  should  desu-e  the  same  that  theu"  landC 
might  be  confirmed  vnto  them  vnder  the  Companies  Scale. 

M'  Deputy  signified  that  m'  Leat  Minister  beinge  formerly  appointed 
to  preach  this  last  Sumer  in  S'  Scyths  Church  vpon  a  Text  that  was 
giuen  him  §  had  nowe  pf  ormed  the  same  §  with  good  approbaeon  and 
beinge  still  desirous  to  goe  to  Vu-ginia  and  to  be  recomended  to  the 


582  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

Goueruor  for  the  next  place  that  shall  become  voide ;  he  praid  they 
would  please  to  take  his  request  into  their  consideraeon  and  that  he 
might  haue  some  gi-atuity  bestowed  vpon  him  to  furnish  him  w**"  nec- 
essaries W''"  request  the  Court  conceaued  to  be  verie  reasonable  and 
therevpou  agreed  to  giue  him  20"  to  furnish  him  with  bookC  and 
Apparrell  and  to  paye  for  his  transportacon. 

M'  Deputy  signified  that  whereas  order  was  giuen  for  drawing  vp  a 
Patent  for  the  SuiTier  Iland^  Companie  for  confirminge  the  landC 
graunted  vnto  them  in  Virginia  touchinge  w''''  m''  Robert  Smith  had 
taken  some  paines  to  make  a  Draft  who  desired  S'  Edwin  Sandys  to 
pvse  the  same:  But  S'  Edwin  hauinge  much  buissines  of  the  Com- 
panies had  no  spare  time  as  yet  to  examine  the  same  So  as  they  must 
nowe  respite  it  till  the  next  till  the  next  Q^  Court  when  it  shalbe  made 
ready  for  the  seale. 

Henry  Mansell  hauinge  pretended  in  his  peticon  to  my  Lo  Keeper 
that  the  Virginia  Companie  stood  indebted  vnto  him  aboue  60"  due 
about  six  or  seauen  yeares  since  was  willed  to  be  present  at  this  Court 
But  for  somuch  as  he  came  §  not  §  it  was  thought  fitt  he  should  ref err 
him  selfe  to  the  Quarter  Court  to  make  it  appeare  howe  the  said  Debt 
came  due  vnto  him.     [310] 

And  for  somiich  as  m'  Caninge  at  the  last  Suiher  IlandC  Court  pre- 
tended the  Virginia  Companie  to  be  much  indebted  vnto  him,  was 
entreated  to  be  here  at  this  Court  to  make  the  said  Debt  appeare,  but 
seinge  he  is  not  come,  this  Court  thought  fitt  to  recoihed  it  to  the 
Quarter  Court  to  appoint  some  Comittee  to  examine  his  Accounts  that 
what  shall  appeai'e  to  be  due  may  be  Discharged. 

M'  Kightley  beinge  one  of  the  Aducnturci's  §  Auditors  for  the  old 
Magazine  §  moued  that  for  somuch  as  in  the  Auditinge  of  the  Maga- 
zine §AccountC§  he  had  taken  notice^  of  some  thingC  of  moment  fitt  to 
be  made  knowne  in  reguard  he  found  many  good  Debt^  due  vnto  the 
Companie  that  therefore  there  might  be  a  meetinge  of  the  Magazine 

'Originally  written  "taking  notice." 


JANUARY  38,  1632  583 

Aduenturers  to  take  Account  what  had  bin  donn  by  the  afoi'c  said 
Auditors  w"''  mocon  was  well  approued  of  aud  agreed  to  meet  vpon 
Friday  in  the  After noone  at  m''  Deputy  ffarrars. 

A  mocon  was  made  that  a  speciall  Coinittee  might  be  appointed  by 
order  of  the  next  Quarter  Court  that  might  haue  power  to  treat  and 
contract  w""  such  as  should  offer  to  send  young  youthes  and  to  be  at 
part  of  the  charge  to  Virginia,  w''''  mocon  was  well  approued  of  and 
therevpon  these  followinge  were  named  vizt 

S'  Edwin  Sandys. 
S""  lo :  Dauers. 
m"^  Deputy. 
m'  Wrote, 
m"^  Gibbs. 

And  for  somuch  as  it  was  signified  by  m''  Deputy  that  m""  Recorder  of 
this  Citty  was  ready  to  doe  good  Offices  for  the  Companie  in  this  kinde 
by  procuringe  Children  to  be  sent  out  of  this  Citty  to  Vii'ginia  ^1^on 
reasonable  Termes,  it  was  desired  that  S"'  Edwin  Sandys  would  please 
to  giue  him  thanks  in  the  name  of  the  Company  for  his  forwardnes 
herein. 

Vpon  the  presentinge  of  m''  ffarrars  Accounts  touchinge  the  glasse 
buissines  w''''  beinge  audited  were  much  comended  for  the  exact  forme 
thereof,  a  mocon  was  made  that  both  a  Coppie  of  this  and  all  other 
Accounts  of  priuate  Aduenturers  and  Vndertakers  for  the  aduanee- 
ment  of  publique  workC  for  the  Colony  might  be  kept  in  y*  Companies 
Chest  to  the  end  y*  memory  of  those  that  were  the  first  Aduenturers 
and  founders  of  so  worthie  designes  might  be  preserued  vnto  their 
prosperity. 

The  Rolls  for  sendinge  of  MaydC  and  for  the  trad  of  ffurrs  &  for  the 
BoatwrightC  &  howse  Carpenters  did  nowe  lye  open  in  Court  for 
Aduenturers  that  pleased  to  vuderwrite.     [311] 


584 


RECORDS  OF  TEE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 


At  a  Quarter  Court  held  for 
Virginia  the  30^"  of  Ianuar  1621 


m'  Deputy, 
m'  Gibbs. 
m'  Wrote. 
m'  lo:  Smith, 
m'  Ro:  Smith, 
m'  Keightley. 
m'  Nich :  iiarrar. 
m'  Tomlins. 
m'  Rogers, 
m'  Barbo^ 
m"  Ay  res. 
m'  Caswell, 
m'  Wisemau. 
m'  Swinhow. 
m'  ffaucet. 
in'  lad  win. 
m"'  Waterhowse. 
ni'  Elkiugtou. 
m'  Meuerell. 
m'  Bromfeild. 
m'  Berblocke. 
m'  Binge, 
m'  Grey, 
m'  Gardiner, 
m'  Widdowes. 
m''  Viner. 
m'  Shijjton. 
m'  Weston, 
m'  Mellinge. 
m'  Hart. 


1 1  PRESENT  1 1 

Ea:  of  Warwicke. 
Lo:  Padgett. 
Loi  Warwicke. 
Lo:  Cauendish. 
S'  ffranc  Leigh. 
S'  Edwin  Sandys. 
S'Phil:  Carey. 

After  the  readinge  of  the  former  Quarter  Court 
m''  Deputy  signified  of  diuers  Patents  w*""  beinge 
read  in  the  Praeparatiue  Court  were  well  ap- 
proued  of  and  recoinended  to  this  generall  Court 
for  confirmacon  namely 


A  Patent  graunted  to  S''  Geo 
Yeardley  an  Aduenturer  who  vn  - 
dertakC  to  transport  &  plant 


300  Persons 


A  Patent  to  Tho :  Leueson  an  Ad  - 

uenturer  for 100 

To  Capt:  Nath:  Basse  and  his  As- 
sociate     100 


Patent  to  Capt:  W"  Welden  a 
Planter  vndertakinge  for 

A  Patent  to  Henry  Southey  of 
Rimpton  m. — the — County — ef  in 
Soinersett  sheu-e  a  Planter  for. . . 


100 


100 


m'  Taylo^ 
m'  Newport. 
m'  Man. 
m"^  Martin, 
m'  StubbC. 
m'  Brewer, 
m''  Wheatley. 
m"'  Edw:  Rogers, 
m'  fflaxton. 
ni''  Geo:  Smith, 
m"'  Boothby. 
m'  Harrison, 
m"'  Hacket. 
m''  ffelgate. 
m"^  Copland, 
m'  Balmford. 
m'  Woodall. 
m'  Barker, 
m'  Moor^ 
m'  Matson. 
m"'  Lilly, 
m^  Bull, 
m'  Couell. 
m'  Bagwell. 
w*"  diuers  others. 


JANUARY  30,  1622  585 

Patent  to  William  Caps  for 100 

In  all  800  psons 

W''  Patents  were  all  j>ut  to  the  question  and 
ordered  to  be  sealed. 

A  Patent  likewise  for  Martins  Hundred  hauing 
bin  examined  by  this  morniugC  Court  called  on 
purpose  for  it  aceordinge  to  the  former  Co"' 
appointement  and  by  it  approued  as  beinge 
drawne  aceordinge  to  Southampton  Patent,  It 
was  nowe  put  to  the  question  and  ordered  to  be 
sealed. 


[312] 


The  Letter  subscribed  D  and  A  was  brought  to  the  former  Court  by 

an  vnknowne  Messenger  was  nowe  againe  ||  presented ||  to  be  read  the 

Contents  whereof  are  as  followeth.' 

January  28'"  1021 
Most  worthie  Conipanie 

Whereas  I  sent  tlie  Treasurer  and  yo'  seines  a  letter  subscribed  Dust  and  Ashes 
w""  promised  550"  to  such  vses  therein  expressed,  and  did  soone  afterward, 
aceordinge  to  my  promise  send  the  said  money  to  S"'  Edwin  Sandys  to  be 
deliuered  to  the  Companie,  In  w''''  letter  I  did  not  strictly  order  the  bestow- 
inge  of  the  said  money  but  shewed  my  intent  for  the  conversion  of  lulidel)^ 

'This  document  was  copied  into  the  majiuseript  at  a  later  date. 


586  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

Children,  a.s  it  will  appeare  by  that  letter  w""*"  I  desire  Diay  be  read  in  open 
Court  wherein  I  chiefely  eoSiended  the  orderinge  thereof  to  the  wisedome  of 
you  the  Noble  §Hono'''''§  Couipanie,  And  whereas  the  gentlement  of  South- 
ampton Hundred  haue  vndertakeii  the  di.sposinge  of  the  said  550"  I  haue  longe 
attended  to  see  the  erectinge  of  some  Schoole  or  other  waye  whereby  some  of 
the  Children  of  the  Virginians  might  haue  bin  taught  and  brought  vp  in 
Christian  religion  and  good  manners  w''''  not  beinge  donne  aecoi'dinge  to  my 
intent  but  the  monej'  detej'ned  by  a  priuate  hundred  all  this  while  contrary  to 
my  minde,  though  I  iudge  verie  charitably  of  that  bono'''"  Society,  And  as 
alreadj'  j-ou  haue  receaued  a  great  and  the  most  painefully  gained  part  of  my 
estate  towards  the  laj'inge  of  the  f oundacon  of  Christian  religion  and  helpinge 
forward  of  this  pious  worke  in  that  Heathen  nowe  Christian  land.  So  nowe  1 
recjuire  of  the  whole  Bodj-  of  yo"'  Hono'''°  and  worthie  Companie  (whome  I 
entrusted  with  the  dispose  of  the  said  moneyes,)  to  see  the  same  speedily  and 
faithfully  converted  to  the  worke  intended:  And  I  do  further  propound  to  you 
the  bono"'"  Companie  that  if  you  will  procure  that  some  of  the  male  Children 
of  y°  Virginians  (though  but  a  fewe)  be  brought  ouer  into  England  here  to 
be  educated  and  taught,  and  to  weare  a  babbit  as  the  Children  of  Christy 
Hospitall  do,  and  that  _vou  wilbe  pleased  to  see  the  said  650"  converted  to  this 
vse  then  I  Sdo§  faithf uUv  promise  that  when  eight  or  ten  of  the  Virginians 
Children  are  brought  ouer,  and  placed  in  London  either  in  Christy  Hospitall 
or  elC  in  the  Virginian  Schoole  or  Hospitall  (as  it  may  be  called  and  by  the 
wilK  and  guiftC  of  good  men  may  be  yearelj'  augmented)  where  the  Companie 
may  haue  an  ey  ouer  them  and  be  (as  it  were)  nursinge  tfathers  vnto  them 
then  I  say  I  faithfully  promise  to  add  450"  more  to  make  the  Suffle  1000" 
w'"  if  God  permitt  I  will  cheerfully  send  you  only  I  desire  to  nominate  the 
first  Tuto""  or  Gouernor  who  shall  take  charge  to  nurse  and  instruct  them: 
But  If  you  in  yo'  Wisedomes  like  not  of  this  mocon  then  my  humble  Suite 
vnto  y"  whole  liody  of  yo''  Hono'''"  Companie  is  that  my  former  guift  of  550"  be 
wholly  imployed  &  bestowed  vpon  a  free  Schoole  to  be  erected  in  Southampton 
Hundred  (so  it  be  presently'  imployed)  or  such  other  place  as  I  or  my  f  reindC 
shall  well  [313]  like  of  wherein  both  Engli'^h  and  Virginians  may  be  taught 
together  aud  that  the  said  Schoole  be  endowed  with  such  priuiledges  as  you  in 
yo""  wisdomes  shall  thinks  fitt:  The  M"'  of  w"""  Schoole  I  humbly  craue  may 
not  be  allowed  to  goo  ouer  except  he  first  bringe  in  to  the  Companie  sound 
testimony  of  his  sufficiency  in  learninge  and  sincerity  of  life  The  Loi'd  giue 
you  wise  and  vnderstandinge  hart?  that  his  worke  herein  be  not  negligently 
perfonned. 

D  and  A 
Directed 

To  the  right  Hono''"'  and  wor"  the  Treasurer  Counsell  and  Company  let"  of 
Virginia. 


JANUARY  30,  1622  587 

This  letter  beinge  referred  to  the  consideracon  of  this  Court  for 
somuch  as  it  did  require  an  Account  of  the  Companie  howe  they  haue 
expended  the  saide  money  vizt  the  550"  in  gold  for  the  bringinge  vp 
of  the  InfidellC  Children  in  true  religion  and  Christianity,  S''  Edwin 
Sandys  declared  that  the  said  money  cominge  vnto  him  enclosed  in  a 
box  in  the  time  of  his  beinge  Treasuror,  not  louge  after  a  letter  sub- 
scribed Dust  and  Ashes  had  bin  directed  vnto  him  in  §the§  quality  of 
Treasuror,  and  Deliuered  in  the  Court  and  there  openly  read  he 
brought  the  money  also  vnto  the  next  Court  and  there  openly  road  in 
the  Box  vnopened:  Wherevpon  the  Court  after  a  large  and  serious 
deliberacon  howe  the  said  money  might  be  best  imployed  to  the  vse 
intended,  at  length  resolued  that  it  was  fittest  to  be  entertayned  by 
the  Societies  of  Southampton  Hundred  and  Martins  Hundred  and 
each  to  vudertake  for  a  certaine  number  of  ti*e  InfidellC  Children  to 
be  brought  vp  by  them,  and  amonngst  them  in  Christian  Religion  and 
some  good  Trade  to  lyue  by  accordinge  to  the  Donors  religious  desire ; 
But  Martins  Hundred  desired  to  be  excused  by  reason  their  Plantacon 
was  sorely  weakened  and  as  then  in  much  confusion :  Wherevpon  it 
being  pressed  that  Southampton  Hundred  should  vndertake  the  whole 
they  also  consideringe  together  with  the  waight  the  difficulty  also  and 
hazard  of  the  buissines  were  likewise  verie  vnwillinge  to  vndertake 
the  managinge  thereof  and  offered  an  addicon  of  100"  more  vnto  the 
former  some  of  550"  that  it  might  not  be  put  vpon  them.  But  beinge 
earnestly  pressed  therevnto  by  the  Court  and  findinge  no  other  meanes 
howe  to  sett  forward  that  great  worke  yealded  in  fine  to  accept 
thereof :  Wherevpon  soone  after  at  an  Assembly  of  that  Society  the 
Aduenturers  entred  into  §carefull§  a  consideracon  howe  this  great 
and  [314]  and  waightie  buissines  might  with  most  speed  and  great 
aduantag  be  effected :  Wherevpon  it  was  agreed  and  resolued  by  them 
to  imploy  the  said  money  together  with  an  Addicon  (out  of  the  sttid- 
Societies  purse)  of  a  farr  greater  Sofiie  toward  the  furnishinge  out  of 
Captaine  Bluett  and  his  Companie  beinge  80  verie  able  and  sufficient 
workmen  w'"  all  manner  of  prouisions  for  the  settinge  vp  of  an  Iron 
worke  in  Virginia,  whereof  the  profifittC  accruinge  were  intended  and 
ordered  in  a  ratable  proporcon  to  be  faithfully  imployed  for  the 
educatinge  of  30  of  the  InfidellC  Children  in  Christian  Religion  and 


588  RECORDS  OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

otherwise  as  the  Donor  had  required:  To  w*""  end  they  writt  verie 
effeetuall  letters  vnto  S'  Geo:  Yeardley  then  Gouernor  of  Virginia 
and  Capt :  also  of  Southampton  Plantation :  not  onely  reeoinendinge 
the  excellencie  of  that  worke,  but  also  furnishinge  him  at  large  with 
aduise  &  dh-eecon  howe  to  proceed  therein  with  a  most  earnest  adiura- 
eon  (and  that  often  itterated  in  all  their  succeedinge  Letters)  so  to 
imploy  his  best  care  and  Industrie  therein,  as  a  worke  whereon  the 
eyes  of  God,  AngellC,  and  men  were  fixed:  The  Coppie  of  w"''  letter 
and  Du'eccon  through  some  omission  of  their  Officer  was  not  entred 
in  their  booke,  but  a  course  should  be  taken  to  haue  it  recouered. 

In  aunsweare  of  this  letter  they  receaued  a  letter  from  S"^  George 
Yeardley;  shewinge  howe  difficult  a  thinge  it  was  at  that  time  to 
obtaine  any  of  their  Children  w""  the  consent  and  good  likinge  of 
their  Parents  by  reason  of  their  tendernes  of  them  &  feare  of  hard 
vsage  by  the  English  vnlesse  it  might  be  by  a  Treaty  with  Opachan- 
kano  the  Kinge  w"*"  Treaty  was  appointed  to  be  that  Sumer  wherein 
he  would  not  faile  to  do  his  vttermost  endeauo". 

But  Capt:  Bluett  dyinge  shortly  after  his  arriuall,  it  was  a  great  set- 
tinge  backe  of  the  Iron  worke  intended ;  yet  since  that  time,  care  had 
bin  taken  to  restore  that  buissines  with  a  fresh  Supplie :  So  as  he 
hoped  well,  the  gentleman  that  gaue  this  guift  should  receaue  good 
satisfaccon  by  y"'  faithfull  Account  w'^''  they  should  be  able  and  at  all 
times  should  be  ready  to  giue  touchinge  the  imployment  of  the  said 
money. 

Concerninge  w'^",  S'  Edwin  Sandys  farther  said  that  as  he  could  not 
but  highly  coiSend  the  gentleman  for  this  his  worthie  &  most  Chris- 
tian Act,  So  he  had  obserued  so  great  inconvenience  by  his  modestie 
and  eschewinge  of  shewe  of  vaine  glorie  by  concealinge  his  name, 
whereby  they  were  depriued  of  the  mutuall  helpe  and  aduise  w''" 
they  might  haue  had  by  conference  w""  him  and  whereby  also  he 
might  haue  receaued  more  cleare  satisfaccon  w'*"  what  integrity  care 
&  Industrie  they  had  managed  that  buissines  the  successe  whereof 
must  be  submitted  to  the  pleasure  of  God  as  it  had  bin  comended  to 
his  blessinge.     [315] 


JANUARY  so,  1622  589 

Hee  concluded  that  if  the  gentleman  would  either  vouchsafe  himselfe 
te  §or§  send  any  of  his  frendC  to  conferr  with  the  said  Society  they 
would  be  glad  to  apply  themselues  to  glue  him  all  good  satisfaccon 
But  for  his  owne  ptieuler  iudgement,  he  doubted  that  neither  of  the 
two  courses  pticularised  in  this  last  letter,  nowe  read  in  Court  would 
attaine  the  effect  so  much  desired:  ffor  to  send  for  them  into  Eng- 
land and  to  haue  them  educated  here,  he  feared  (vpon  experience  of 
those  brought  by  S'  Tho:  Dale)  might  be  farr  from  the  Christian 
worke  intended,  Againe  to  begin  w'"  buildinge  of  a  ffreeschoole  for 
them  in  Virginia  he  doubted  (consideringe  that  none  of  the  buildinges 
there  there  intended  had  as  yet  prospered,)  by  reason  that  as  yet 
through  their  dotinge  so  much  vpon  Tobacco  no  such  workmen  could 
be  had  but  at  intollerable  ratC,  it  might  rather  tend  to  the  exhausting 
of  this  sacred  Treasure  in  some  smale  fabricke  then  to  accomplish 
such  a  foundacon,  as  might  satisfie  mens  expectacons  where  vpon  he 
wished  againe  some  meetinge  between  the  Gentlemen  or  his  frendC 
and  Southampton  Society  that  all  thingC  beinge  debated  at  full  and 
iudiciously  se  wayed  some  constant  cours  might  be  resolued  on  and 
pursued  for  the  pceeding  in  and  pfectinge  of  this  most  pious  worke 
for  w*'*'  he  praid  the  blessinge  of  God  to  be  vpon  the  Author  thereof ; 
And  all  the  Companie  said  Amen. 

In  the  middest  of  this  narracon  a  stranger  stept  in  presentinge  4 
books  fairely  bound  sent  from  a  pson  refusinge  to  be  named  who  had 
bestowed  them  vpon  the  Colledge  in  Virginia  being  from  the  same 
man  that  gaue  heretofore  fower  other  gi-eat  bookC  the  names  of  these 
he  nowe  sent  were  these  vizt  a  large  Church  Bible,  the  Coilion  prayer 
booke,  Vrsinus '  Catichisme  and  a  smale  Bible  richly  imbroydered : 
The  Court  desired  the  Messeng''  to  returne  the  gent,  that  gaue  them 
their  generall  acknowledgm'  of  much  respect  and  thankC  due  vnto 
him. 

A  Ire  also  was  presented  from  one  that  desired  not  as  yet  to  be 
named  w*''  25"  in  gold  to  be  imployed  by  waye  of  Addicon  vnto  the 
former  contribucon  towards  the  buildinge  of  a  ffree  schoole  in  Vir- 

'  Zacharias  Frsinus. 


590  RECORDS  OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

ginia  to  make  vp  the  other  some  125"  for  w''''  the  Companie  desired 
the  messenger  to  returne  him  their  hearty  thanks. 

M'  Watcrhowse  hai;iuge  two  shares  of  land  bestowed  vpon  him  for 
the  great  paines  he  had  taken  in  solicitinge  such  as  stand  indebted 
nnto  the  Companie  vpon  their  subscription  whereof  he  had  giuen  a 
verie  good  Account,  the  said  shares  beinge  put  to  the  question  were 
ratified  &  confirmed  aed  vnto  them  him. 

M'  Balmeford  hauinge  also  two  shares  of  land  giuen  him  in  considera- 
con  of  his  often  attendance  at  CourtC  and  readines  to  doe  the  Com- 
panie seruice,  being  nowe  put  to  the  question  were  confirmed. 

And  whereas  m'  Hugh  Euans  made  request  y*  he  might  passe  2  of  his 
shares  to  m''  Tho:  Newton  beinge  allowed  of  by  the  Auditors  & 
approued  of  by  y"  former  Court  they  were  put  to  the  question  &  con  - 
firmed  vnto  him,  w''*'  Shares  were  due  vnto  him  vpon  paym'  of  his  4"' 
and  fifth  Supply  as  by  Acquittances  may  appeare.'     [31()] 

Intelligence  beinge  giuen  of  diuers  that  complained  they  were  sett 
downe  lesse  in  the  printed  §booke§  then  they  had  bills  of  Aduenture 
to  shewe :  The  Court  herevpon  hath  ordered  that  such  BillC  should 
be  deliuered  to  the  Secretary  (takinge  a  note  of  receipt  vnder  his 
hand)  whereby  the  said  BillC  might  be  in  a  readines  to  be  exaiiiined 
l)y  the  Auditors  who  are  to  amend  those  defects  and  erro"  and  thereby 
rectifie  the  booke  against  the  next  Publicacon  and  to  this  end  m'' 
Waterhowse  is  desired  to  giue  knowledge  of  this  order  to  such  as  ||he|| 
shall  solicite  and  finde  to  be  wronged  in  that  kinde. 

Herevpon  S'  Edwin  Sandys  tooke  occasion  to  report  what  paines  he 
had  taken  in  reveiwing  the  seuerall  Somes  sett  downe  in  the  printed 
booke  by  comparinge  S'  Thomas  Smiths  Leger  and  Cash  booke 
together,  w""  beinge  carelesly  kept  by  his  Officers  who  had  sett  downe 
diuers  Soines  of  money  vnder  mistaken  names,  he  found  thereby  such 
variance  and  disagreement  between  the  saide  BookC  as  he  had  much 
adoe  to  reconcile  them,  yet  he  said  he  had  nowe  found  out  a  meanes 

'  This  paragrapli  was  inserted  by  the  copyist  in  finer  writing  at  the  bottom  of  the  page. 


JANUARY  30,  16^2  591 

to  excuse  some  exceptions  that  wei-e  formerly  taken  thereat,  but 
Some  others,  the  Auditors  for  S'  Tho:  Smith  desired  some  time  to 
consider  of. 

M'  Copland  the  preacher  hauinge  three  shares  of  land  old  Aauen- 
ture  bestowed  vpon  him  by  the  last  Quarter  Court  in  reward  and 
gratificacon  of  his  good  DesertC  did  nowe  humbly  desire  the  same 
might  be  confirmed  vnder  the  Companies  Scale  w"'  allowance  of  fiftie 
acres  the  pson  more  for  so  many  as  he  and  his  Associate  should 
Vndertake  to  transport  at  their  owne  propper  costC  and  charges  W^" 
request  was  thought  verie  reasonable,  and  hauinge  a  Deed  to  this 
purpose  ready  drawne  (accordinge  to  the  order  of  the  former  Court) 
w*"*  was  nowe  presented  and  read  the  Court  approued  thereof  and 
ordered  it  to  be  sealed.     [317] 

M''  Deputy  signified  that  m'  Leat  the  Minister  beinge  appointed  to 
preach  this  last  Sundy  in  S*  Scyths  Church  vpon  a  Text  the  Comp* 
gaue  him  had  pformed  the  same  with  good  ai)probacou  and  beinge 
still  Desirous  to  goe  to  Virginia  recomended  to  the  Gouernor  and 
Counsell  there  to  remayne  in  expectance  till  some  place  in  the  inistery 
become  voide,  did  therefore  praye  the  Companie  would  please  to  fur- 
nish them  §him§  with  some  smale  allowance  for  bookC  and  other 
necessaries :  w"''  request  hauinge  bin  formerly  taken  into  consideraeon 
it  was  thought  fitt  to  allowe  him  20"  to  furnish  §him§  with  bookC  and 
apparrell,  and  to  paye  for  his  transportacon :  W"  allowance  the  Court 
did  well  approue  of. 

M'  Deputy  signified  that  one  Henry  mansell  in  his  peticon  to  my  Lo : 
Keeper,  amongst  other  his  grevances  he  complained  that  the  Virginia 
Companie  stood  indebted  vnto  him  in  60"  aboue  these  six  or  seauen 
yeares  for  w''"  cause  beinge  present  at  the  Sumer  IlandC  Court  held 
on  Monday  last  in  the  morninge  he  was  willed  by  the  whole  Court  to 
attend  the  Prasparatiue  Court  held  for  Virginia  in  the  afternoone, 
where  if  he  could  make  the  said  Debt  appeare  to  be  due  vnto  him 
they  doubted  not  but  order  would  be  taken  to  giue  him  satisfaecon 
but  he  neither  appeared  then  nor  nowe : 

16455— VOL  1—06 38 


592  RECORDS  OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

Wherevpon  the  Court  thought  fitt  the  Comittee  appointed  to  certifie 
my  Lo :  Keeper  touchiuge  this  and  some  other  his  complaints  should 
let  his  Ip:  knowe  that  Mausell  neuer  acquainted  the  Auditors  w"" 
this  his  pretended  Debt  as  he  ought  to  haue  donne,  nor  did  he  euer 
Deuiaud  it  before  of  the  Companie  and  yet  he  alledgeth  in  his  peticon 
the  said  Debt  to  be  due  to  him  aboue  six  yeares  since  in  the  time  of 
S'  Tho :  Smithes  beinge  Tf er  And  further  that  beinge  lately  warned 
to  two  seuerall  Virginia  Courts  to  make  his  said  Debt  appeare  to  be 
due  vnto  him,  he  had  notwithstandinge  contemptuously  as  it  seemeth 
refused  to  come. 

And  for  somuch  as  it  was  nowe  §likewise§  reported  vnto  the  Court 
that  he  hath  giuen  out,  he  was  a  free  Brother  of  this  Company  (w'^'' 
must  either  be  by  purchase  of  some  shares  of  land  or  by  fauo'  of  the 
Court  vpon  his  DesertC:)  It  was  thought  fitt  he  should  be  required  to 
make  it  appeare  howe  he  came  by  his  pretended  freedome:  And  for 
this  cause  the  Court  gaue  order  that  he  should  bee  pemptorily  warned 
to  be  present  at  the  next  Court.     [318] 

And  forsomuch  as  m""  Caninge  challenged  also  much  money  to  be  due 
to  him  vpon  seuerall  Accounts  he  was  likewise  entreated  by  the  said 
Suiner  IlandC  Court  to  make  his  Debt  appeare  at  the  Praeparatiue 
Court  held  for  Virginia  or  at  the  Quarter  Court  held  this  present 
morninge  but  he  came  not  at  all  The  Auditors  did  also  report  that 
m''  Caninge  had  bin  often  called  vpon  to  bringe  in  his  Account?  vnto 
them  to  be  audited  but  he  neuer  came,  the  Court  hath  therefore 
ordered  that  he  shalbe  perremptorily  warned  to  be  present  at  the  next 
Court  for  Virginia  to  exhibite  his  Accounts. 

The  Aduenturers  of  the  glasseworke  desired  that  they  might  haue  a 
Patent  prepared  against  the  next  Quarter  Court  conteyuinge  a  graunt 
of  such  lands  as  shall  become  due  vnto  them  aswell  for  transport  of 
psons  as  for  the  aduenture  of  their  ioynt  Stocke  in  that  buissines  w*^ 
request  the  Court  assented  vnto. 

M'  Barbo'  hauinge  had  his  Accounts  touchinge  the  runinge  Lotteries 
examined  and  ap]iroued  by  the  Auditors  and  lying  here  at  sundrie 
times  in  open  Court  to  be  seen  whereat  forsomiich  as  noe  exception 


JANUARY  so,  1622  593 

was  taken  he  therefore  praid  he  might  aceordinge  to  iustiee  and  equity 
haue  his  Quietus  est  vnder  the  Legall  Seale  of  the  Compaiiie  w'^'' 
request  in  respect  m"'  Barbo'  had  Deliuered  vpon  his  corporal!  oath  so 
iust  and  faithf ull  Account :  and  had  an  authenticall  Certifecates  to 
shewe  from  the  Magistrate  and  other  of  principal!  qualety  of  the  places 
where  he  had  bin  imployed  of  the  true  and  honest  carriage  of  that 
buissines  whereby  he  had  honoured  both  the  Companie  and  Accon 
it  selfe  The  Court  did  willingly  assent  therevnto  and  caused  his 
quietus  est  nowe  presented  in  Court  to  be  read  and  hauing  approued 
thereof  ordered  the  Seale  to  be  affixed  therevnto. 

S'  Edwin  Sandys  beinge  respited  till  this  Quarter  Court  to  exhibite 
the  remayne  of  his  Accounts  did  nowe  declare  that  at  his  last  beinge 
in  the  Country  he  was  not  able  to  finde  out  such  writing^  as  did  eon- 
cerne  his  said  Accounts  by  reason  all  his  papers  had  bin  confusedly 
cast  together  and  quite  out  of  order,  he  therefore  moued  for  some 
longer  time  for  the  pfectinge  of  them,  and  in  the  meane  while  he 
desired  no  quietus  est  neither  for  this  last  nor  his  former  Accounts 
w"*"  had  bin  audited  and  allowed  of  wherevpon  the  Court  graunted  him 
his  owne  time  to  exhibite  the  same. 

M''  Deputy  likewise  presented  his  Account  to  be  audited  whensoeuer 
the  Auditors  would  please  to  appointe.     [319] 

Whereas  the  Companie  for  Virginia  by  a  former  order  of  Court  made 
staye  of  44"  vpon  Capt:  Weldens  Tobacco  out  of  1200  waight  he 
brought  home  this  last  Soiner  vpon  his  owne  Account  in  respect  he 
stood  charged  for  so  much  due  vnto  the  Companie  for  his  first  set- 
tinge  out  whome  he  was  to  haue  serued  seauen  yeares  according  to 
his  couenantC,  contrary  to  w*^"  he  was  nowe  come  home  w^'out  any 
direccon  at  all  from  the  Companie  and  besidC  had  as  j'et  yealded  no 
Account  of  one  penny  proffittC  of  Their  Tenants  labo"  for  these  two 
last  yeares  for  w''"  respect  he  had  also  sealed  a  bond  to  the  Gouernor 
to  answeare  whatsoeuer  the  Companie  could  charge  him  withall,  as 
also  to  make  his  returne  or  send  a  sufficient  man  in  his  place :  W^"* 
Obieccons  the  said  Captaine  Welden  seemed  to  excuse  with  this  aun- 
sweare:  That  touchinge  the  first  he  conceaued  himself e  to  be  dis- 


594  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

charged  by  the  Companies  appointing  of  m'  Thorp  Deputy  oner  the 
Colledge  land^ :  And  for  the  second  he  saith  the  Tenants  made  him 
beleiue  they  were  not  to  paye  any  thinge  for  the  first  yeare,  but  if  the 
Companie  did  require  it  of  them  they  would  be  accountable  for  it: 
And  as  for  the  Tobacco  he  nowe  brought  home  he  saith,  he  partly 
bought  it  with  prouision  of  Apparrell  and  other  Comodities  he  car- 
ried thither  with  him  and  partly  gott  it  by  his  labo""  and  good  Hus- 
bandrie,  and  therefore  praied  the  Companie  would  please  to  remitt 
vnto  him  the  said  44"  staid  vpon  his  Tobacco  as  afore  said :  But  the 
Court  conceauing  this  toUeracon  might  proue  an  ill  President  vnto 
other  their  Officers  sett  out  at  their  charge,  and  this  money  beinge 
also  the  Colledge  Stocke  that  sett  him  out  w''''  they  haue  noe  power  to 
gi\;e  awaye,  but  are  to  make  good  and  to  be  aecoutable  they  therefore 
thought  fitt  to  recoihend  the  further  consideracon  hereof  to  the  Com- 
ittee  appointed  for  the  Colledge  who  are  entreated  to  examine  the 
equity  of  Capt:  Weldens  case,  and  takinge  into  consideracon  his 
Demaund  and  to  certifie  their  opinions  what  they  thinke  fitt  to  be 
donne  therein. 

The  Comittee  for  the  Colledge  appointed  i4  lunij  34  1619  are  these 

S^  Edwin  Sandys.  S^  lo:  Worstham.^ 

S'lo:  Dauers.  m'^Dept:  ffarrar. 

S'  Dudley  DiggC.  Do'  Anthony. 

S'  Nat:  Rich.^  Do'  Gulstone. 

One  Captaine  Hazell  came  and  presented  in  open  Court  a  Certificate 
in  the  name  of  Captaine  lohn  Martin  w"**  he  desired  might  be  read 
the  Coppie  whereof  is  here  inserted  vizt.     [320] 

The  Certificate  of  Diners  of  the  Right  Honor™':  of  his  Ma"":  most  Hono'^: 
priuy  Counsell  and  others  the  Right  Hono'^  and  Right  Wor":  his  Ma":  Coun- 
sell  mid  Clouipiiny  for  Virginia." 

Whcras  Cup':  slo^  Martin  Esq'':  (havinge  been  a  longe  and  faithfull  servnt  in 
the  Southerne  Colony  for  Virginia  from  the  first  begininge  of  y'  Christiann 

'  Wolstenlioline.     For  the  list  of  those  appomted  on  this  committee,  see  above,  p.  231. 
'  This  entire  certificate  ia  in  the  handwriting  of  Thomaa  Collett(?). 


JANUARY  30,  1622  595 

Plantacon  vntill  thin  daj-)  hath  requested  a  Certificate  and  testimony  of  his 
demcano"'  and  Carridge  in  all  thing's  according  to  our  linowledge  or  otherwise, 
w""  honest  &  reasonable  requeste  wee  are  willinge  to  sattisfie  and  Certifie 
accordinge  to  truth. 

Wee  doe  hereby  know  and  certifie  y'  by  the  general!  Consent  of  his  Ma":  first 
Counsell  of  Virginia  here  settled  in  England  by  his  Ma"  ro^-all  order  and  Com- 
ission  in  the  fface  of  the  publique  and  open  Court  assembled  and  mett  together 
that  the  said  Cap'  In"  Martin  was  elected  chosen  and  sworne  one  of  his  Ma*": 
first  Counccll  of  Virginia. 

Wee  know  allso  y'  §in§  the  saide  Hono" :  and  open  Courte  w'"  y"  ffree  and 
full  consent  therof  hee  was  thought  fitt,  chosen  and  sworne  to  be  M'  of  the 
Ordnance  in  Virginia. 

Wee  doe  further  Certifie  and  approue  y'  notwi'Ntandinge  his  first  Adventure 
(w""  was  verie  laudable  and  good)  hee  hath  ever  since  to  his  great  charge  con- 
tinued all  manner  of  supplem"  and  necessaries  of  his  vttraost  power  and  habil- 
itie  whatsoeuer  And  y'  allso  hee  hath  constantlie  and  ver}'  worthyly  endured 
all  the  misery  and  great  calamytieof  fore  passed  times  w""  the  losseof  hisowne 
blood  aiftd  the  death  of  his  onely  sonne  the  hope  and  Comforte  of  his  age. 
Sicknes  Famyne  &  many  other  vnexpressed  hard  and  miserable  endurances. 

And  hath  allso  pvidently  and  very  Carefully  endeavored  all  the  benifitts  and 
good  vnto  the  Plantacon  even  to  y"  vttmost  of  his  habillitie  and  power  aft4  in 
all  things  vpholdiuge  and  lauboringe  to  maiuteyne  w'"  equall  lustice  &  clem- 
encie  all  his  Ma"  Lawes  ^rogatives  and  rights  what  soeuer  tfor  w'"  respects 
and  for  his  honest  and  worthy  services  allredy  done  and  hereafter  to  be  done 
for  the  encourragment  of  himselfe  and  others  y'  ma}'  succeed:  Wee  y"  Com- 
pany and  Counsell  for  his  Ma''':  here  resydent  have  heretofore  graunted  him 
sundry  pryvelcdges,  by  Charter  vnder  our  great  .Scale  for  the  setlingo  of  a 
pryvate  Plantation  vppon  his  owne  allottment  of  Land  in  Mrginia  wheriu 
hee  hath  pceeded  w'"  a  great  deale  of  charg  and  expence  for  w'"  wee  see  and 
know  no  reason  to  the  Contrary  butt  v'  hee  should  and  may  enioy  y*  same 
accordinge  to  the  true  entcnt  and  meaningc  of  this  graunt:  In  wittness  wherof 
wee  have  here  vnto  subscribed  our  hands.  || names  || 

Pembroak.  Tho:  Smith. 

Ro:  Warwick.  Fra:  West. 

Leicester.  W"  S"  lohn. 

Mountgomery.  Ro:  lohnson. 

Sheiti^eilde.  Samuell  Argoll. 

Ro:  Mansell.  W™  Caninge.  [331] 


596  RECORDS  OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

This  Certificate  beinge  read  the  Court  thought  fitt  to  referr  it  to  the 
former  Coiiiittee  and  some  others  nowe  added  vnto  them  vizt 

The  former  Comittees  were  these 

m'  Herbert.  m'  Brooks, 

m'  Earle.  m'  Gibbs. 

m"^  lermyn.  m'  Wrote. 

Wherevnto  were  nowe  added 

S'  Edwin  Sandys.  m'  Copland. 

S' lo:  Dauers.  m' Rogers, 

m"'  Wroth.  m""  Baynham. 

m"^  Balmeford.  m'  Barbo'. 

who  are  to  examine  the  seuerall  points  of  his  said  Certificate  and  for 
the  better  satisfaccon  of  the  LordC  whome  Caj^t  Martin  had  misin- 
formed that  they  would  please  to  take  some  paines  to  make  a  Declara- 
con  of  the  Defects  of  his  Patent  and  pticulerly  sett  downe  the  iusl 
exceptions  that  are  taken  thereat  and  thereof  to  make  report. 

M'  Deputy  signified  that  the  Rolls  of  Subscription  for  the  maydC 
ffvuTS  and  ShippwrightC  were  yet  §open  &§  left  free  for  any  man  to 
vnderwrite  &  that  the  later  were  nowe  goinge  to  performe  that  worke 
w""  carried  with  it  both  bono'  and  proffitt :  the  Du-ector  of  that  buissi- 
nes  being  a  verie  expert  Artist  and  able  to  giue  good  Direccons  for 
fortificacons. 


FEBRUARY  13,  1622 


597 


At  a  Court  held  for  Virginia  on 

WeDENSDAY   the    13''"   of   ffEBKUA:    1621 


S"'  Edwin  Sandys, 
m'  Bulkly. 
m'  Deputy, 
m''  Wroth, 
m"'  Gibbs. 
m"'  Sliippard. 
m"'  Nicho :  ffarrar 
m'  Seward. 
§ni''  Copland. § 


1 1  Present  1 1 

m^  Bull, 
m'  Barbo'. 
m"^  Rogers, 
m''  Widdowes. 
m"^  Baynham. 
m'  lad  win. 
m"'  Weldeu. 
m^  Cuffe. 
m'^  Copeland. 


m'  Mellinge. 
m"^  Edwards, 
m''  Darnelly. 
m''  Barker, 
m''  Caswell. 
m"^  Webbs, 
m'  Woodhowse. 
m^  Willis, 
m''  Balmeford. 


The  preceedent  Quarter  Court  beinge  read  a  request  was  made  in  the 
behalf e  of  ffranc  Harwell  that  for  somuch  as  his  Elder  Brother  §S''§ 
Edmund  Harwell  K*  of  y"  Bath  had  assigned  vnto  him  vnder  his  hand 
&  Seale  all  the  interest  he  had  to  three  Shares  of  land  in  Virginia 
descended  to  the  said  S'  Edmund  by  the  decease  of  S""  Tho :  Hai-well 
their  younger  brother  who  aduentured  37"  10'  towards  the  aduaneem'  of 
the  Plantacon  as  doth  [322]  appeare :  the  Court  would  therefore  please 
to  confirme  the  said  shares  vnto  the  ||sd||  ffrauncis  Harwell  1 1  where - 
vpon  the  booke  being  searched  and  S''  Tho:  Harwell  the  Aduenturer|| 
beinge  found  indebted  25"  vnto  the  Company  vpon  S'  Edward  Con- 
ways  vnderwritinge  for  him  to  the  fourth  Roll,  some  Doubt  was  made 
whither  those  shares  might  be  permitted  to  passe  before  the  said  Debt 
was  cleared  after  some  dispute  therevpon,  it  was  resolued  that  S' 
Thomas  Harwell  could  not  in  equity  be  charged  with  that  w'^''  another 
man  for  him  had  vnderwritten,  and  an  instance  was  giuen  of  the 
verie  like  ease  allowed  of  by  the  Auditors  and  the  Debt  remitted  w"" 
w'^''  reason  and  president  the  Court  beinge  well  satisfied  and  the  said 


598  RECORDS  OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

three  Shares  therevpon  put  to  the  question  were  by  a  general  ereccon 
of  hancK  confirmed  vnto  the  said  ffrauucis  Harwell :  In  w''*'  shares 
one  m'  Kellham  hauinge  an  interest  likewise  from  the  said  S'  Thomas 
Harwell  did  nowe  acknowledg  in  open  Court  his  fiiU  assent  vnto  the 
passinge  of  them  vnto  the  said  ffrauncis  Harwell  w*'*'  acknowledge- 
ment he  did  likewise  testifie  vnder  his  hand  and  Seale  Y^on  the  foote 
of  the  said  Assignement. 

A  request  was  also  made  that  whereas  S'  Richard  Bulkly  late  of 
Bewmarris  in  the  County  of  Anglice  deceased  paid  to  the  right 
Houo^'"  Ea :  of  Southampton  in  lanuary  last  1620,  the  Smne  of  25"  for 
his  Aduenture  towardC  the  Plantacon  in  Virginia,  that  forsomuch  as 
the  said  S"  Richard  Bulkly  did  alwayes  intend  the  said  Aduenture  to 
and  for  the  behoufe  of  m'  Thomas  Bulkly  his  second  Sonne  (as  was 
testified  by  good  Wittnesses)  that  therefore  the  Court  would  please 
A^on  surrender  of  the  former  Graunt  (w'^''  was  nowe  exhibited)  to 
confirme  the  like  vnto  the  said  Thomas  Bulkly  in  his  owne  name,  who 
is  resolued  to  proceed  in  that  Plantacon  w''''  the  said  S''  Richard  his 
ifather  had  vndertaken  as  might  appeare  by  the  Patent  graunted  vnto 
him  heretofore  by  the  Comp*  who  by  a  former  order  of  Court  had 
appointed  him  Elizabeth  Hand  to  plant  vpon. 

The  Coiu't  conceaued  the  request  to  be  verie  reasonable  and  beinge 
put  to  the  question  assented  therevnto  and  ordered  the  said  gi'aunt 
||to  be  sealedll  w""  the  Counsells  Seale. 

Whereas  at  a  great  and  generall  Quarter  Court  held  for  Virginia  the 
IB""  of  Nouember  1620  it  was  ordered  that  an  addicon  of  68"  T  S"*  should 
be  allowed  in  shares  of  land  vnto  Elizabeth  Berkley  widdowe  w''''  came 
to  fiue  shares  and  a  halfe  after  12"  10'  p  share  w""  w'"  the  [323] 
Remaine  of  331"  12'  9''  then  ordered  to  be  paid  her  in  money  was  to 
make  vp  the  iust  Some  of  400"  beinge  a  Debt  longe  before  due  vnto 
George  Berkley  her  Husband  deceased  for  the  freight  of  Shipps  and 
transports  of  men  prouisions  and  Cattle  to  Virginia  as  by  the  leger 
and  iournall  BookC  of  Accounts  examined  by  the  Auditors  and  by  an 
Account  vnder  diners  Comittees  handC  doth  api)eare  w"""  shares  of  land 
beinge   nowe  put   to    the   question   were   confirmed   vnto    the   said 


tEBRUARY  13,  m2  599 

Elizabeth  Berkly  and  the  Graunt  thereof  beinge  likewise  presented 
and  read  was  well  approued  of  and  ordered  to  be  sealed  withe  the 
Counsells  Seale  accordinge  to  the  order  of  the  former  Quarter  Court. 

Whereas  S'  ffrancis  lones  k'  assigned  vnder  his  hand  and  Seale  all 
his  interest  vnto  three  shares  of  land  in  Virginia  vnto  S'  lohn  Wol- 
stenholme  as  by  his  said  Assignement  Dated  primo  October  1621 
allowed  by  the  Auditors  may  appeare,  Nowe  the  said  S'  lohn  Wolsten- 
holme  hauinge  in  like  sort  by  his  ||sd||  Assignem'  ginen  and  graunted 
the  said  shares  vnto  lohn  Harrison  his  Servant,  did  nowe  nioue  they 
might  accordingly  passe  the  approbacon  of  this  Court  Wherevpon  the 
said  3  Shares  beinge  put  to  the  question  were  confirmed  vnto  the  said 
lohn  Harrison. 

Touchinge  the  Complaint  of  m'  Anthony  Ireby  against  one  that  had 
vnderhand  (as  he  saith)  sought  to  depriue  him  of  his  interest  in  two 
shares  of  land  in  Virginia,  it  was  informed  by  m''  Carter  the  Officer 
that  the  said  Anthony  Ireby  had  two  yeares  since  in  open  Court 
passed  away  his  said  shares  vnto  one  Martin  Earle  who  had  likewise 
sold  the  same  vnto  others  w'"  the  approbacon  of  the  Com-t  Where- 
vpon m'  Carter  was  appointed  to  signifie  so  much  vnto  the  said  Irebj' 
that  he  might  be  satisfied  without  farther  Complaint.     [324] 

M'  Deputy  acquainted  the  Court  that  one  m'  lo :  Clarke  beinge  taken 
from  Virginia  longe  since  by  a  Spanish  Shippe  that  come  to  discouer 
that  Plantacon  by  whome  he  was  carried  to  Spayne  and  there  deteyned 
fower  yeares  thinkinge  to  haue  made  him  an  instrument  to  betray  that 
Plantacon,  That  for  somuch  as  he  hath  since  that  time  doun  the 
Conipanie  good  seruice  in  nianj'  voyages  to  Virginia  and  of  late  went 
into  Ireland  for  transportacon  of  Cattle  to  Virginia  he  was  an  himible 
Suito'  to  this  Court  that  he  might  be  admitted  a  free  Brother  of  the 
Companie  and  haue  some  shares  of  land  bestowed  vpon  him,  w"'' 
request  the  Court  taking  into  consideracon  haue  been  pleased  first  to 
graunt  him  his  freedome  and  haue  also  thought  fitt  that  two  shares 
of  land  old  Aduenture  be  giuen  him  as  a  free  guift  of  the  Company 
w'^''  they  haue  recomended  to  the  next  Quarter  Court  for  confirmacon. 


600  RECORDS  OF  TEE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

William  Willis  peticoninge  for  some  consideracon  to  be  giuen  him  in 
respect  that  part  of  the  charge  of  transportinge  men  for  the  Com- 
panies vse  by  Capt  Lawne  deceased  remayneth  yet  vnsatisfied  (as  he 
pretendeth)  the  Companie  not  knowing  of  any  such  arrearage  to  be 
behinde  vnpaide  thought  fitt  to  referr  the  examinacon  hereof  to  the 
Aiiditors  before  whome  he  is  to  make  the  said  Debt  appeare  and  to 
produce  his  proufes  who  therevpon  are  to  certifie  the  Court  the  equity 
of  his  peticon. 

Anthonj^  Bullocke  and  W°  Browne  in  their  peticon  complained  that 
one  m''  Robert  Barker  a  member  of  this  Companie  hauinge  bought  of 
S'  Amias  Preston  deceased  the  one  halfe  of  his  Aduenture  beinge  50" 
doth  doth  nowe  suppresse  and  deteyne  these  writings  that  should 
manifest  their  right  to  the  other  halfe  of  the  said  Aduenture  beinge 
50"  more  w''''  they  purchased  of  the  widdowe  of  the  said  S'  Amias 
Preston,  clayminge  thereby  the  whole  Aduenture  to  himself  e  Where - 
vnto  m'  Barker  beinge  present  made  aunsweare  that  [325]  he  had 
lawfully  ptxrchased  the  said  Aduenture  w"**  he  would  proue  by  those 
writing^  he  had  to  shewe,  Wherevpon  the  Court  willed  him  to  pro- 
duce his  euidence  against  the  next  Court  to  cleare  the  question  that 
the  Peticoners  might  haue  no  farther  cause  to  complaine. 

M*"  Copland  moued  that  whereas  it  was  ordered  by  the  last  Quarter 
Court  that  an  Vsher  should  be  sent  to  Virginia  with  the  first  con- 
veniency  to  instruct  the  Children  in  the  free  schoole  there  intended 
to  be  erected,  that  for  somuch  as  there  was  nowe  a  verie  good  Scholler 
whome  he  well  knewe  and  had  good  testimony  for  his  sufficiency  aed: 
||in||  learninge  and  good  carriage  who  offered  himselfe  to  goe  for  the 
pformance  of  this  seruice  he  therefore  thought  good  to  acquaint  the 
Court  therewith  and  so  leaue  it  to  their  better  iudgement  &  consid- 
eracon wherevpon  the  Court  appointed  a  Comittee  to  treat  with  the 
said  Party,  vizt 

m'  Gibbs.  m'  Copland, 

m'  Wroth.  m'  Balmford. 

m'  Wrote.  m'  Roberta. 


FEBRUARY  13,  1622  601 

who  are  to  ioyne  herein  with  the  rest  of  the  Comittee  and  to  meet 
about  it  vpon  Monday  next  in  the  morninge  about  eight  at  m'  Dep- 
uties and  thereof  to  make  report  vpon . 

Vpon  readinge  the  order  of  the  former  Court  touchinge  Captaine 
WilHam  Weldens  vndue  pformance  of  the  trust  reposed  in  him  by  the 
Company  in  breach  of  the  Contract  made  w"'  them,  he  beinge  nowe 
present,  moued,  that  forsomueh  as  he  could  not  get  the  Comittee 
(vnto  whome  this  buissines  was  formerly  referred)  to  meetenor  could 
staye  any  longer  in  Towue  beinge  to  proceed  vpon  other  voyadges 
that  this  Court  would  therefore  please  to  take  this  buissines  into  their 
consideracon  and  finally  order  it,  &  therevpon  presented  a  writinge 
vnto  the  Court  w''*'  seemed  to  be  framed  in  iustificacon  of  himselfe 
and  of  what  he  had  Donne  offeringe  to  proue  whatsoeuer  he  had  therein 
sett  downe.  [326]  Wherevpon  it  beinge  read  and  his  reasons  per- 
ticulerly  examined,  it  was  found  and  so  adiudged  by  the  Court  to  be 
verie  false  and  scandalous  in  many  things  as  may  appeare  by  the 
Aunsweares  made  vnto  each  seuerall  obiection  w"*"  were  these  that 
followe.' 

To  his  first  obieccon  touchinge  a  promise  of  a  supplie  of  50  men  more 
(the  Springe  ymeadiatly  after  his  first  settiuge  out)  and  that  vpon  the 
same  termes  as  those  formerly  sent  w"*  him,  w''''  though  it  was  not 
expressed  in  his  Contract  yet  he  said  it  was  promised  by  S'  Edwin 
Sandys  then  Treasuror  in  his  conference  w"*  him.  It  was  Denied  and 
signified  by  S'  Edwin  Sandys  that  he  neuer  made  any  such  promise, 
and  that  what  he  spake  was  but  onely  a  Declaration  of  a  purpose  and 
intent  of  fauo'  towards  him  for  his  better  encouragement  in  that 
Accon  in  case  sufficient  meanes  came  in  and  that  he  carried  himselfe 
well  whereby  to  deserue  it  of  the  Companie. 

To  his  second  Obieccon  that  he  was  promised  3  Shares  of  land  to  be 
sett  out  for  him,  w""  the  Gouernor  denyed  to  do  in  respect  he  had  no 
such  order  from  the  Companie,  for  somuch  as  they  remembred  no  such 
promise  they  referred  him  for  this  to  his  Contract  w''"  he  beinge  willed 
to  she  we  said  he  had  lost  it. 

'A  letter  of  complaint  from  Weldon  to  Sir  Edwin  Sandys  is  referred  to  in  List  of  Records,  Xo.  166, 
page  139,  antt. 


602  RECORDS  OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

To  the  Third  obiectiou  that  he  was  to  serue  the  Companie  but  for  3 
yeares  it  was  euidently  proued  by  his  Contract  vnder  his  hand  and 
Scale  that  he  was  to  serue  them  for  seauen  yeares. 

To  the  fourth  obieccon  that  the  Companie  proporcon  of  victual! 
allowed  for  his  men  for  12  moneths  was  not  sufficient  to  mayntaine 
them  for  4  moneths  and  therevpon  was  forced  to  depart  w'"  30  of  them 
to  sei'ue  other  Maisters,  It  was  proued  by  the  Invoices  of  that  voyage 
nowe  produced  and  read  that  they  had  allowed  for  each  man  a  pound 
of  meate  a  daye  w'^''  was  as  much  as  vsually  they  graunt  to  any  other : 
And  to  part  w""  his  men  was  imputed  to  his  weakenes  and  much 
offended  the  Company  when  they  first  heard  of  it  and  caused  them  to 
[32?]  giue  present  order  that  they  might  forthwith  be  restored:  And 
it  was  further  signified  that  if  there  had  bin  any  iiist  cause  of  want  of 
prouision  the  Companie  the  Companie  vpon  the  first  notice  could 
easily  haue  furnished  them. 

To  the  fift  that  in  stead  of  faire  and  fertill  grounds  ||w''''||  he  was 
promised,  he  was  seated  in  the  most  barren  places  of  the  Country: 
It  was  signified  that  the  place  appointed  him  was  f  arr  otherwise  beinge 
chosen  out  by  S'  Thomas  Dale  himselfe  and  affirmed  vnto  them  to  be 
the  best  and  fruitfullest  Soyle,  and  if  he  were  elswhere  seated  then 
he  was  appointed  or  had  betaken  himselfe  to  a  worse  place  and  after- 
wards againe  remoued  by  Captaine  Mathcwa  || Mathews ||  as  he  pre- 
tended the  fault  was  his  owne  and  not  the  Companies  nor  had  they 
euer  notice  of  it  till  nowe. 

To  the  6°  Obieccon  that  two  gentlemen  (whose  passage  he  was  to  haue 
free  with  liberty  to  goe  and  returne  at  their  pleasure)  were  deteyned 
in  Virginia  by  the  Gouernor  3  Monethes  against  their  wills,  &  could 
not  be  released  but  vpon  vnreasonable  condicons  It  was  denied  that 
euer  such  liberty  to  goe  and  come  at  pleasure  was  granted  either  to 
him,  or  those  other  two  transported  at  the  Companies  charge  who 
therevpon  went  as  Servants  there  to  remayne :  And  further  that  it 
was  giuen  out  he  had  taken  money  of  one  of  those  men  for  their 
passage  thither,  notwithstaudinge  the  Companie  had  freely  giuen  it 
him. 


tEBROARY  IS,  1622  603 

To  the  7°  that  in  stead  of  Gouernor  and  Comaunder  he  was  made  a 
Baylie  and  put  to  so  meane  and  poore  allowance  as  it  would  in  short 
time  haue  starued  him :  It  was  aunsweared  that  m'  Thorpe  was  ouely 
appointed  Deputy  of  the  Colledge  landC,  and  that  it  could  not  but 
appeare  vnto  him  by  their  Direccons  that  the  Deputies  place  and  ofl&ce 
was  no  Diminur-on  either  to  his  title  or  allowance  no  more  then  the 
Deputy  of  the  Companies  land  was  vnto  the  Captaiues  there,  w'^''  was 
nothinge  at  all. 

To  the  8" :  that  whereas  he  said  that  diners  of  this  Companie  protested 
that  m'  Deputy  ffarrar  did  promise  them  they  should  enioye  the  prof - 
fitt  of  their  first  yeares  labo'  w'Wt  paying  any  thinge  to  the  Colledge : 
It  was  Denied  by  m'  Deputy  that  euer  he  made  any  such  promise  it 
beinge  contrary  to  the  Contract  made  with  him  vnder  their  handC,  as 
also  contrary  to  the  report  [328]  of  S'Geo:  Yeardley  the  Gouernor 
and  m'  Thorpes  Letters  (w''"  were  nowe  produced  and  openly  read  in 
Court)  who  affirmed  that  Capt :  Welden  did  testifie  it  vnto  them ;  But 
to  salue  this  Capt :  Welden  saith  that  the  Gouernor  hath  taken  order 
that  the  Tenants  should  haue  the  fruity  of  their  labo'  for  that  first 
yeare,  but  vntill  the  Companies  pleasure  were  kuowne,  and  in  case 
the  Companie  should  Demaund  it  they  should  make  it  good  out  of 
their  next  Croppe. 

Lastly  he  said  that  forsomuch  as  all  that  900  waight  of  Tobacco  he 
brought  home  vpon  his  owne  Account  (except  C  waight  of  m'  Bucks 
for  w"''  he  is  to  send  him  returnes)  he  bought  with  that  a]iparrell 
lynnen  beddinge  brasse  and  houshold  stuffe  of  good  value  he  carried 
with  him  &  sold  there  at  reasonable  ratC  as  also  in  eomisseracon  & 
recompense  of  his  paines  and  trouble  in  their  seruice  that  therefore 
the  Companie  would  please  to  remitt  him  the  44"  staid  vpon  his 
Tobacco  by  a  former  order  of  Court  (whereof  40  mark^  was  giuen  him 
to  furnish  him  out  and  the  rest  allowed  him  for  the  passage  of  him- 
selfe  and  two  men)  Wherevpon  Captaine  Welden  beinge  willed  to 
withdrawe  himselfe  the  Court  tooke  the  premisses  into  their  consid- 
eracon  and  obsoruinge  duely  what  the  Goxierno''  had  writt  concern - 
inge  him,  signifyinge  he  had  giuen  no  |lgood||  Account  of  his  place 


604  RECORDS  OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

and  that  some  suspicon  there  was  that  the  Companies  goodC  in  his 
charge  were  not  well  accounted,  for  w'^*'  cause  before  his  cominge 
awaye  he  had  giuen  bond  of  1000"  to  satisfie  the  Companie  here,  And 
further  it  beinge  considered  also  that  they  must  be  at  great  charge  to 
send  another  in  his  place  and  that  this  money  was  the  sacred  Treas- 
ure of  the  Colledge  for  w*""  the  Companie  are  to  be  accountable,  his 
Demaund  herevpon  beinge  put  to  the  question  was  by  ereccon  of 
haudC  denied.  Then  Captaine  Welden  beinge  called  in  again e  and 
the  sentence  of  the  Court  deliuered  vnto  him  after  some  pause  he  did 
earnestly  entreat  the  Court  to  doe  him  the  fauo""  to  deliuer  him  his 
bond  of  1000"  and  to  bestowe  vpon  him  xj'"  for  w'^''  he  stood  endebted 
to  m'  Swaiue  the  Companies  ffacto''  at  Middleburrough,  acknowledg- 
inge  further  that  he  did  submitt  himselfe  vnto  the  Companies  censure 
And  for  that  most  of  the  Court  were  nowe  risen  he  besought  m' 
Deputy  to  moue  his  request  to  the  Companie  at  the  next  Court  and 
he  should  acknowledge  himselfe  much  bound  vnto  him  for  it,  he  beinge 
resolued  to  go  againe  to  Virginia  w""  a  Plantation  of  his  owne  &  some 
freindC  of  his.     [329] 

ffrauncis  Carter  passed  ouer  two  shares  of  land  in  Virginia  vnto  S' 
ffrauncis  Goodwin  of  Oburne  in  the  County  of  Bucke  knight  pcell  of 
the  40  shares  assigned  vnto  him  by  the  right  Hono'''"  the  Lady  Lawarr. 

Also  one  share  of  land  in  Virginia  vnto  m''  Oliuer  Morden  of  '  in 

the  County  of  Suff  gent. 

'  A  blank  space  in  the  manuscript. 


FEBRUARY  27,  1622 


605 


A  Virginia  Court  held  on 

WeDENSDAY    27"^"    OF    ffEBRUARY    1621 


S'  Edwin  Sandys. 
S'  lo :  Dauers. 
m"^  lo :  ffarrar. 
m''  Gibbs. 
m"'  Wrote. 
m"'  Tomlins. 
m''  Kightley. 
m"'  Wheatley. 
m"^  Caswell, 
m"^  Barbo'. 
m"  Roberts, 
m"'  Newport. 


Present 

m'  Shippard. 
m'  Ro:  Smith. 
Capt:  Tucker. 
m'  Mellinge. 
m"'  Meuerell. 
m'  Hart, 
m"'  Balmeford. 
m'  Sparrowe. 
m'^  Widdowes. 
m'  ffelgate. 
m'  Binge, 
m''  Budge, 
m"^  Harris, 
m'  Webbe. 


m'  Copeland. 
m"'  Nicho :  ffarrar. 
m"'  Paulavicine. 
m^  Bull, 
m"'  lermynn. 
m""  Scott, 
m''  ffaucett. 
m"^  Baynham. 
m'  StockC. 
m''  Kelly, 
m'  Lawr  Ley. 
Capt:  Bargi-aue. 
m''  Kenaston. 
m' lad  win. 


M'  Deputy  acquainted  the  Companie  that  worde  was  bi-ought  him  ^be 
that  the  Marmaduke  was  returned  from  Virginia  and  was  nowe  in 
Ireland,  and  that  although  the  Letters  shee  brought  were  not  as  yet 
come  to  his  handC,  yet  he  had  receaued  good  newes  by  Captaine  Ray- 
den '  owner  of  the  said  Shippe  beinge  aduertized  by  his  mans  letter  of 
the  safe  arriuall  in  Virginia  of  eight  of  their  Shipps  that  sett  out  this 
last  Sumer  w''*'  brought  all  their  Passengers  thither  in  good  health  not 
one  dyinge  either  by  Sea  or  land,  and  that  whereas  the  Tiger  in  her 
passage  beinge  driuen  by  ill  weather  to  farr  the  north  Cape  fell  into 
the  handC  of  TurkC  in  her  waye  but  it  pleased  God  to  deliuer  her  out 

'  Written  over  the  word  "Rayner"  by  the  copyist 


606  RECORDS  OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

of  their  handC  by  a  straunge  accident,  So  as  shoe  escaped  that  danger 
and  came  safely  with  her  people  to  Virginia  and  that  they  wanted 
only  the  Sea  fflower  wherein  Capt :  Hamer  went  w''"'  they  expected 
would  be  there  w^'in  a  fewe  Dayes  after  the  cominge  awaye  of  this 
Shippe. 

And  further  it  was  certified  that  they  had:  found  the  people  in  Vu'- 
giuia  all  in  good  health  and  that  m''  Delbridges  Shippe  was  there  also 
well  arriued  with  many  good  Comodities  from  the  Suilier  IlaudC  for 
w'^''  extraordinary  blessing  the  whole  Coui't  gaue  all  possible  praise  & 
thankC  vnto  God  and  were  much  comforted  at  so  ioyfuU  &  welcome 
newes.     [330] 

The  order  of  the  former  Court  touchinge  Captaine  Welden  beinge  read 
m'  Deputy  signified  that  fe  at  the  risinge  of  the  said  Co'*  Capt:  Wel- 
den entreated  him  to  moue  the  Companie  at  their  next  meetinge  that 
they  would  be  pleased  to  deliuer  vp  his  Bond  of  1000"  and  to  remitt 
him  the  11"  he  stood  indebted  to  m'  Swayne  the  Companies  ffactor  w"" 
he  lent  him  at  Midleburrough  w""  request  he  praid  the  Court  to  take 
into  theh'  consideracon  and  to  giue  him  aunsweare :  Wherevpon  the 
matter  being  a  longe  time  debated,  it  was  at  length  put  to  the  ques- 
tion, first  for  givinge  vp  of  his  Bond  w'^"  was  by  ereccon  of  handC 
agreed  vnto  in  respect  he  was  nowe  come  home  and  out  of  the  Com- 
panies seruice :  And  further  it  beinge  also  put  to  the  question  whither 
the  11"  Debt  should  be  remitted  vnto  him  in  mercie  and  fauor  towardC 
him,  it  was  by  a  generall  ereccon  of  haud<  denied,  in  respect  the  said 
money  was  part  of  the  CoUedge  Stocke,  and  that  the  Companie  was  to 
be  at  a  further  charge  to  furnish  out  another  in  his  roome. 

The  Coinittees  report  touchinge  the  allowance  graunted  vnto  the 
Vssher  of  the  ffree  Schoole  intended  in  Virginia  beinge  read  m'  Cop- 
land signified  that  the  said  Vsher  havinge  lately  imparted  his  minde 
vnto  him  seemed  vnwillinge  to  goe  as  Vsher  or  with  any  lesse  title 
then  m'  of  the  said  Schoole  and  to  be  also  assured  of  that  allowance 
that  is  intended  to  be  appropriated  to  the  m''  for  his  propper  mayn- 
tenance,  l)ut  it  was  aunsweared  they  might  ||not||  swarue  from  the 
order  of  the  Quarter  Court  w''"  did  appoint  the  Vsher  to  be  first  estab- 


FEBRUARY  27,  1622  607 

lished  for  the  better  aduancem'  of  w'^"  Accon  diuers  had  vnderwritten 
to  a  Roll  for  that  purpose  Drawne  w"''  did  already  arise  to  a  good  Some 
of  money,  and  was  like  Daylie  to  encrease  by  reason  of  mens  affeccons 
to  forward  so  good  a  worke :  In  w""^  respect  many  sufficient  Schollers 
did  now  offer  themselues  to  goe  vpon  the  same  condicons  as  had  bin 
proposed  to  this  Party,  yet  in  fauo'of  him  for  somuch  as  he  was  spea- 
cially  recomended  by  m"'  Copland  whome  the  Companie  do  much 
respect  the  Court  is  pleased  to  giue  him  some  time  to  consider  of  it 
between  this  and  the  next  Court  desiriuge  then  to  know  his  direct 
aunsweare  whither  he  will  accept  of  the  place  of  Vsher  as  had  bin 
offered  vnto  him  And  if  he  shall  [331]  accept  thereof  then  the  Court 
haue  entreated 

m''  Balmeford. 

m''  Copeland. 

m'  Caswell. 

m'  Mellinge. 

to  conferr  with  him  about  the  methode  of  teachinge  and  the  book^  he 
intends  to  instruct  Children  by. 

Augustine  Bullocke  and  W™  Browne  complaininge  by  peticon  against 
Robert  Barker  a  Member  of  this  Companie  for  keepinge  backe  those 
writingC  w'^''  should  manifest  their  right  to  the  moyitie  of  S"'  Aniias 
Prestons  aduenture  beinge  50"  fforsomuch  as  both  sidC  haue  agi'eed  to 
submitt  the  cause  in  difference  between  them  to  be  heard  and  ordered 
by  this  Court  for  the  more  speedy  endinge  of  the  said  Differences  the 
Court  hath  referred  fe  it  to  a  Comittee  to  comprimise  the  same 
between  them,  if  they  can,  oi*  otherwise  to  certifie  to  the  next  Court 
their  opinions  what  they  shall  thiuke  fitt  to  be  donne  therein  vizt 

m''  Wrote, 
m'  Tomlins. 
m"'  lermynn. 

who  are  entreatreated  to  meet  at  m"'  lermyns  Chamber  in  the  Temple 
on  ffriday  next  about  two  in  the  Afternoone. 

16455— VOL  1— Ot> 39 


608  RECORDS  OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

M'  Nicho :  ffarrar  moued  that  for  somuch  as  his  Accounts  for  the  fifurr 
buissines  were  nowe  made  vp  that  the  Aduenturers  of  that  priuate 
Companie  would  please  to  appoint  some  to  examine  and  audite  the 
said  Accounts :  Wherevpon  the  Court  nominated 

m'  Bull  ||m'Moorer||. 
m""  Caswell  Hm'  Palmer||. 
m'  Barbo". 

to  meete  vpon  Satturday  the  second  of  March  next  in  the  morninge. 

Vpon  the  humble  peticon  of  Elizabeth  Smalley  widdowe  the  Court 
haue  bin  pleased  to  graunt  her  a  Comission  to  enquire  of  the  good^  of 
Capt:  Robert  Smalley  her  Husband  deceased  and  that  it  shalbe  rec- 
omended  to  the  Gouerno"'  to  take  care  that  right  be  Donne  her  accord  - 
inge  to  equity  and  good  conscience.     [332] 

The  Peticon  of  Robei't  Limpanie  being  taken  into  consideracon  the 
Court  there  vpon  ordered  that  it  should  be  recomended  to  the  Gouer- 
nor  that  if  in  case  it  shall  appeare  that  neither  Abraham  Peirce  nor 
his  wife  haue  bin  ||at||  any  charge  for  the  settinge  out  of  the  Peticoners 
Sohe  as  he  informed  that  then  the  said  Peirce  be  not  pmitted  to  take 
any  aduantage  of  his  Sonnes  Indenture  but  be  caused  to  deliuer  it  vp, 
and  that  vj^ton  also  (Peirces  servant)  be  caused  to  restore  his  Sonns 
goodC  at  his  cominge  ouer,  w"''  Vpton  tooke  away  from  him  when  he 
ran  away  and  carried  them  ouer  w""  him  to  Virginia. 

M'  Hiddlebrand  Preiwsen  assigned  ouer  one  share  of  land  to  Thomas 
Pemble,  w'^''  being  allowed  by  the  Auditors  passed  the  approbacon  of 
this  Court. 

M'  Edward  ffaucet  in  like  manner  passed  three  shares  of  land  to  m' 
Nicholas  ffarrar. 

M'  Scott  with  like  approbacon  and  allowance  of  the  Court  passed  3 
shares  to  m'  Patrick  Copland. 


FEBRUARY  27,  1622  609 

Whereas  it  was  moued  that  Henry  Mansell  hath  by  his  Petition  to  my 
Lo :  Keeper  declared  that  this  Comp*  were  indebted  vnto  him  in  60" 
aboue  these  6  yeares  in  S''  Thomas  Smiths  time  and  yet  it  did  noe 
waye  appeare,  and  that  m'  Caninge  pretended  that  this  Comp*  were 
hkewise  indebted  vnto  him  bnt  for  somuch  as  the  said  m'  Caninge  had 
receaued  diners  Somes  of  money  out  of  the  Virginia  Cash,  others  by 
Subscription  and  Lottery  bookes;  It  was  therefore  ordered  that 
against  the  next  Court  the  said  m'  Caninge  and  Mansell  should  be 
warned  to  bringe  in  their  Accounts,  and  that  Mansell  should  declare 
vnto  that  Court  whither  he  be  free  or  not,  because  m''  Woodall  had 
verified  somuch  vpon  oath,  as  was  then  alledged. 

Vpon  the  humble  request  of  W"  Capps  the  Court  ordered  a  Certificate 
to  be  drawne  vp  by  the  Secre  to  testifie  the  good  esteeme  it  had  of  him 
aswell  in  the  Colony  in  Virginia  as  of  the  Companie  here,  as  may 
appeare  by  the  rewards  of  his  good  seruice  vnto  them.  As  also  ||of|l 
what  ability  ||he||  is  reported  to  be  there  in  respect  of  y^  gi*eat  Supplies 
he  hath  sent  thither  w'^''  Certificate  the  Secretary  is  appointed  to  witt- 
nesse  in  the  name  of  the  Companie.     [333] 

Whereas  the  last  Quarter  Court  thought  fitt  to  enlarge  the  former 
Comittee  with  an  addicon  of  some  other  gentlemen  to  examine  the 
Certificate  of  Captaine  Martin  presented  at  the  said  Court  by  one 
Captaine  Hazell  and  therevnto  to  frame  some  aunsweare  for  the  better 
informacon  of  those  LordC  (whose  handC  he  had  procured  vnto  the  said 
Certificate)  It  was  nowe  moued  that  for  somuch  as  the  said  Comittee 
had  not  yet  mett  about  it  by  reason  of  much  other  buissines  as  also 
for  that  Capt  Martin  had  excej)ted  against  and  not  spared  to  traduce 
some  of  the  said  Coinittee,  notwithstandinge  they  proceeded  with  as 
much  respect  and  fauo'  towards  him  as  in  reason  could  be  required 
that  therefore  it  would  please  the  Court  to  take  this  buissines  againe 
into  their  ||owne||  hand^  and  Debate  the  same  in  the  presence  of  this 
generall  Assembly. 

Wherevpon  the  Court  caused  the  said  Certificate  to  be  read  w''"  was 
in  the  name  of  the  Counsell  and  Company  for  Virginia  here  resident 


610  RECORDS  OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

being  as  well  in  iustificacon  of  Captaine  Martins  good  Deserts  as  also 
in  approbacon  of  his  Patent  nowe  questioned  by  the  Companie  w"*" 
Certificate  beinge  read  they  caused  also  his  Patent  to  be  deliberately 
read  and  examined  and  w"'  all  those  exceptions  w'^"  the  former  Comittee 
had  collected  vpon  it,  By  all  w""  as  also  by  the  Court  book^  beinge 
searched  it  plainely  appeared  that  the  Patent  was  neuer  confirmed  by 
a  Quarter  Court  but  only  had  the  approbacon  of  a  priuate  Court  pur- 
posely called  for  that  buissines  only ;  It  was  therefore  adiudged  by 
the  whole  Court  to  be  absolutely  voide  in  lawe  and  of  no  validity 
Wherevpon  after  longe  deliberacon  it  was  aduised  that  for  sauinge  the 
reputacon  of  the  Companie  whome  Capt:  Martin  had  apparently 
wronged,  in  vsinge  of  their  names  in  the  said  Certificate  as  if  they 
went  about  now  to  Disavowe  their  owne  Act  or  that  some  of  the  Com  - 
pany  in  a  kinde  of  faccon  or  spleene  towards  him  did  seme  to  crosse 
the  Act  of  the  whole  Companie  and  of  his  Ma"  Counsell  for  Virginia 
in  whose  name  the  said  Certificate  was  framed  to  the  infinite  wronge 
of  the  whole  body. 

ffor  auoydinge  of  w'^''  fowle  aspercon  and  the  ill  construccons  that 
might  be  made  thereof,  Herevpon  it  was  agreed  and  ordered  that  a 
convenient  Declaracon  should  be  drawne  vp  consisting  of  these  fower 
headC.     [334] 

1.  That  whereas  they  are  constrained  and  lymited  by  his  Ma"  Letters 
Patents  to  fower  great  and  generall  Quarter  Courts  for  passinge  of  all 
Patents  of  waight  and  Disposinge  of  land  in  Virginia  That  contrary 
herevnto  Captaine  Martin  presented  both  tbis  1 1  this  ||  his  Patents  for 
land  and  his  other  Patent  for  the  Masterpp :  of  the  ordinance  ready 
engrossed  and  w^'out  the  preexaminaeon  of  a  Comittee  to  the  appro- 
bacon of  an  inferio'  Court  w'^''  had  no  power  to  graunt  any  Patents 
where  notwithstandinge  it  passed  by  the  power  of  Captaine  Martins 
f  rend^  to  the  Dislike  of  some  then  present  and  could  neuer  since  that 
time  obtaine  the  confirmacon  of  a  Quarter  Court. 

2.  To  Declare  such  exceptions  against  his  said  Patent  as  did  espeacially 
repugne  aswell  the  Gouerment  of  the  Colony  in  Virginia  and  the 


FEBRUARY  27,  mm  611 

authority  of  his  Ma'°  Letters  Patents  as  also  the  standinge  orders  of 
the  Corapanie  fundamentally  deriued  and  gi-ounded  vpon  the  said 
Letters  Patents. 

3.  To  Declare  the  ill  effect?  w'^''  haue  followed  those  his  exhorbitant 
priuiledges  namely  that  herevpon  Capt :  Martin  hath  refused  to  submitt 
himselfe  to  the  lawes  and  orders  of  the  Colony  in  Virginia  and  hath 
made  his  Plantacon  a  receptacle  of  disordered  persons  where  such  as 
are  indebted  do  shroud  and  rescue  them  selues  vnder  his  proteccon 
w"**  was  also  viua  voce  testified  in  open  Court  whereof  the  Gouern"' 
and  Counsell  of  State  there  haue  often  and  verie  much  complained. 

Lastly  that  the  Companie  haue  and  do  still  offer  to  gi-aunt  him  a 
newe  Patent  vpon  surrender  of  his  old,  w'"  as  large  and  ample  priui- 
ledges as  they  may  or  can  graunt  by  his  Ma"  Letters  Patent?.     [335] 

Accordinge  to  these  heads  and  what  other  addieons  shalbe  thought 
uecessarie  the  Court  haue  entreated 

S'  lo  Dauers.  m'  Wrote, 

m^  Deputy.  m'  Gibbs. 

m' lermyn.  m' Nich :  ffarrar. 

or  any  three  of  them  to  drawe  vp  a  Declaracon  and  to  meete  about  it 
to  morrowe  in  the  afternoone  at  m''  Deputies  about  two  of  the  Clocke, 
if  m'  lermyn  can  then  be  present,  but  if  not  then  to  meet  vpon  fi'i- 
day  morninge  at  m"'  lermyns  Chamber  in  the  Temple. 

And  it  is  further  agreed  and  ordered  that  vpon  the  finishinge  of  the 
said  Declaration  a  Court  be  warned  to  pervse  and  examine  the  same 
(and  that  Captaine  Martin  be  then  peremptorily  warned  to  ||be||  pres- 
ent,) and  after  they  haue  approued  thereof  they  thiuke  fitt  that  diuers 
Coppies  be  made  of  the  said  Declaration  to  present  vnto  the  Lord? 
and  others. 


612 


RECORDS  OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY  ' 


At  a  Court  held  for  Virginia 
THE  i3"  OF  March  1621 


m"^  Deputy  ffarrar. 
m"'  Gibbs. 
m'  Wrote, 
m'  Ro :  Smith, 
m'  Kightley. 
m'  lo:  Smith, 
m"^  Shippard. 
m'  Steward, 
m''  Binge, 
m"^  Tomlins. 
m''  Scott. 
m'  Palmer, 
m'  Bennett, 
m^  Barbo'. 


1 1  Present  1 1 

S"'  lo:  Dauers. 

S'Phil:  Carey. 

S'  lo:  Wolstenholme. 

m'  Wiseman. 

m' lad  win. 

m'  Copland. 

m'  Syward. 

m'  Meuerell. 

m''  Combs. 

m''  Mellinge. 

m"^  Barnard. 

m""  Caswell. 

m''  Weston. 

m''Abr:  Chamblen. 

m'  Wynn. 

m'  Roberta. 

m'  Whitly. 

m"^  More  wood. 

m'  Eldred. 

m'  Leuer. 
m'  Harrison, 
m'  Darnelly. 
m'  Bland, 
m^  Bolton. 
Capt:  Bargraue. 
m""  EdwardC. 
m'  Geo:  Smith, 
m'  Raph  ffogge. 
with  diuers  others. 


m"^  Parker, 
m''  Newport. 
m'  Swinhowe. 
m'  Baynham. 
m'  Tayta. 
m"'  Kingston. 
m'  Ma:  Shippard. 
m"^  Hickford. 
m"'  Barkham. 
m'  Martin, 
m"^  Widdowes. 
m'  Viner. 
m"^  Caninge. 
m'  Dichfeild. 


MARCH  13,  1622  613 

Whereas  m'  Deputy  acquainted  the  former  Court  with  that  newes  he 
had  receaued  by  word  of  mouth  of  the  safe  arriuall  of  eight  of  their 
shipps  in  Virginia  w""  all  their  people  and  prouisions,  sett  out  this 
last  SuiTier,  he  nowe  signified  the  Generall  Letter  was  come  to  his 
handC  importinge  as  much  as  had  bin  formerly  deliuered  w"**  letter  for 
more  perticuler  Relacons  did  referr  to  the  Letters  sent  by  the  George 
w""  he  hoped  they  should  shortly  heare  of.     [336] 

Vpon  Declaration  of  the  Companies  thankefullnes  vnto  God  for  this 
ioyfull  and  welcome  newes  from  Virginia  a  mocon  was  made  that  this 
acknowledgement  of  their  thankefullnes  might  not  onely  be  Donn  in 
a  priuate  Court  but  published  by  some  learned  Minister  in  a  Sermon 
to  that  p«te  purpose  before  a  generall  Assemblie  of  the  Companie :  w*^*" 
mocon  was  well  approued  of  and  thought  fitt  to  be  taken  into  eon- 
sideracon  vpon  returne  of  the  George,  w"""  was  Daylie  expected  when 
they  hoped  they  should  receaue  more  pticuler  aduertisement  touch - 
inge  their  affaires  in  Virginia. 

The  appointed  Comittee  hauinge  drawne  vp  a  Declaration  by  waye  of 
Aunsweare  vnto  Captaine  Martins  Certificate  and  Patent  the  same 
was  nowe  presented  in  Courte  and  read.  ||being  this  that  followeth|| 

Right  Honorable 

Wheras  at  a  greate  and  Generall  Quarter  Courte  for'  Virginia  held  tbe  xxxth 
of  lanuary  last  their  was  presented  ||to||  the  said  Courte  a  Certitioate  on  the 
behalf e  of  Cap':  Ino:  Martin  in  y°  name  of  y°  Counsell  &  Comp":  for  his  Ma"° 
here  resident  conteyuinge  a  Declaration  of  his  worth  and  services  and  therby 
reputinge  him  to  be  worthie  to  enio}'  the  Patents  and  priveledges  therin 
graunted  vnto  him  subscribed  by  some  Hono'''''  personus  and  others:  divera 
of  whome  the  Company  conceavinge  not  to  be  fullj^  enfurmed  of  the  truth  of 
all  passages  in  that  buisines,  have  therfore  thought  itt  their  duty  to  give  vnto 
them  and  pticularly  vnto  yo"'  Lo":  a  true  Accompt  of  y°  Stat«  and  Carriage 
therof. 

May  it  please  yo'  Lo":  therfore  to  be  aduertised 

That  wheras  the  said  Company  are  lymitted  and  dyrected  by  his  Ma"  tres 
Patents  to  4  great  and  generall  quarter  Courts  oueU'  for   passinge  of  all 

'The  words  of  this  paragraph  to  this  point  are  in  the  autograph  of  Nicholas  Ferrar.  What  fol- 
lows, to  the  end  of  the  certiticate,  is  in  the  handwriting  of  Nicholas  Ferrar's  assistant,  referred  to  as 
Thomas  CoUett. 


614  RECORDS  OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

matters  of  greatest  waight  and  pticularly  for  disposinge  of  the  land  in  Virginia 
||and||  as  beinge  a  fundamtall  Lawe  was  notoriously  knowne  to  all  the 
Company'  &  for  further  caution  hath  bine  from  time  to  time  accordingly 
Declared  to  the  Planters  as  an  Ordinance  from  his  Ma'^:  to  be  invyolably 
observed. 

Contrarie  here  vnto  ther  was  ^sented  att  a  pryvate  inferio"'  Courte  2  seuerall 
Patents  ready  engrossed  (y"  Comp":  not  beinge  afore  acquainted  w'"  them)  the 
one  Constitutinge  the  said  Cap'  Martin  M"'  of  the  Ordnance  the  other  conteyn- 
inge  a  Graunt  of  Land  vnto  him  his  heir<  execute"  and  assignes,  By  w''''  pry  vate 
Courte  called  extraordinarilie  and  as  bj^  y'  effect  appeared  for  y'  onely  buisi- 
ness  the  said  Patent  was  vnlawfully  and  vnduly  passed  notw"'standinge  y" 
dislike  of  divers  then  ^sent  but  yett  neuer  had  y'  ContirmaCon  of  a  Quarter 
Courte, 

Secondly  the  said  Patent  for  Land  doth  conteyne  an  intended  graunt  of  divers 
exorbatant  pry  vcledges  and  traiwcendent  liberties  to  Cap'  Martin  apparantlie 
repugnant  to  iustice  and  the  good  Gouerment  of  the  generall  Graunt  Plan- 
tacon  w'"  the  Comp":  by  his  Ma"""  Tres  Patents  to  them  could  not  graunt  as 
namely  the  exemption  of  ||all||  the  people  within  his  Lands  from  3''  Gouerm' 
of  the  Gouerno"' and  Counsell  in  Virginia  and  from  all  other  services  of  the 
whole  Colon}'  there  (except  in  case  of  Warr)  and  allso  a  graunt  of  vnhniiited 
flishinge,  And  allso  y"  fl'ifte  pt  of  all  rich  Mynes,  And  to  enioy  all  other  Mynes 
found  by  him  his  heir^  or  assignes  and  of  Comon  Martes  to  be  erected  att  his 
pleasure  &  many  other  ift  generall  indefinite  liberties  as  appeareth  in  the  said 
Patent;  By  collour  of  w"''  exorbitant  Patent  many  great  inconven^-encies  have 
followed  to  y"  Company  &  Colony,  as  in  pticularr  Cap'  Martini  refusall  to 
submitt  himself e  to  ye  Lawes  and  orders  ||of  the  Colony  ||  in  Virginia. 

And  y'  his  Plantacon  is  made  a  Receptacle  &  Harbo"'  of  disordered  psonns  who 
subterfuge  thither  from  ordinary  Justice,  All  w''"  &  many  other  mischeef< 
have  been  often  Compiayned  of  by  y"  Colony  att  their  pticularr  and  generall 
Assemblies  and  b}'  y"  Gouerno"  there  and  most  greivously  by  Cap'  Argall 
himselfe  then  Gouerno"^  by  his  letter  to  the  Company,  notwithstanding  his 
owne  subscripcon  to  Cap':  Martins  saide  Certificate  in  approbacon  of  the  said 
Patent  vppon  w'""  tre  an  order  was  made  in  a  great  and  generall  Quarter  Court 
in  ^lay  HJls,  and  a  Coniittee  appoynted  to  examine  and  reforme  y"  said  Patent 
there  being  ^sent  att  y'  Court  S'  Thomas  Smith  and  ra'  Alderman  lohnson 
then  Tfer  and  Deputy  to  this  Company  so  y'  itt  seemeth  strange  to  y"  Comp*: 
to  finde  their  hand^  allso  to  Cap':  MartinC  Certificate  contradicting  the  Act  of 
y'  great  Courte  wherin  themselvs  were  y°  principall  directo":  Moreouer  y° 
said  inconvcniencies  have  been  lately  testified  Viua  Voce  before  y"  Company 
in  open  Courte.     [337] 


\ 


k 


MARCH  13,  1622  615 

Lastly  y"  Company  have  and  doe  allwaies  offer  to  grant  y"  saidCaptaine  Martin 
(of  anj'  of  whose  good  demerritts  they  should  he  glad  to  heare  and  cheri-^h) 
vppon  surrender  of  his  former  a  new  Patent  of  all  his  Land  w"'  as  large  and 
ample  pryveledges  as  any  other  hath  w""  fauour  all  butt  himselfe  have  most 
willingly  &  thankfully  accepted  of. 


The  said  Certificate  of  Cap':  lohn  Martin  was  subscribed  to  with  these  names 
vizd 

Pembroak.  Tho:  Smith. 

Ro:  Warwick.  ffra:  West. 

Leicester.  W":  S"  lohn. 

Mountgomery.  Kob'  lohnson. 

Sheti'eilde.  Samuell  Argall. 

Ro:  Mansell.  W"  Caning. 

W*"  Declaration  beinge  read  and  some  wordes^  altered  that  might 
fitt  it  to  the  qualitie  of  those  that  were  no  lordC  that  had  subscribed 
to  the  said  Certificate  and  after  put  to  the  question  was  well  approued 
of  and  order  giuen  to  the  Secretary  to  make  diuers  Copies  thereof  the 
Court  entreatinge  S'  lo :  Dauers  and  m'  Tomlins  to  deliuer  vnto  such 
LordC  as  had  subscribed  therevnto  a  perticuler  Coppie  of  the  Com- 
panies aunsweares  aa  also  vnto  the  said  Certificate  as  also  vnto  the 
M"  of  Requests  w""  they  were  pleased  to  vndertake  and  for  the  rest 
order  was  giuen  to  the  Secretary  to  deliuer  a  Coppie  to  each  of  them. 

Whereas  the  former  Court  appointed  the  Secretary  to  Drawe  vp  a 
Certificate  in  the  behalf  e  of  W"  Capps'"*  in  testimony  of  the  Companies 
good  esteeme  of  him  and  of  his  estate  in  Virginia  and  to  wittnesse  the 
same  as  the  Act  of  the  Companie  it  was  nowe  moued  that  for  the 
better  satisfaccon  of  some  ||especiall||  frendC  of  the  said  Caps  before 
whome  he  had  bin  wronged  and  impaired  in  his  reputacon  that  the 
CounselK  seale  might  also  be  affixed  vnto  the  said  writinge,  wherevpon 
the  Draught  of  a  Certificate  to  this  jiurpose  beinge  presented  in  Com-t 
and  read  and  the  forme  thereof  somewhat  amended  was  after  put  to 
the  question  and  ordered  to  be  writt  out  and  sealed  as  aforesaid. 

' This  word  is  written  over  "  former."  •  Written  over  the  name  Carver. 


616  RECORDS  OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

M'  Hall  an  Atturney  havinge  brought  to  the  Coui't  the  Coppie  of  an 
order  made  by  my  Lord  Keeper  vpon  hearinge  of  y°  cause  and  Differ- 
ence between  Capt:  Bargraue  plaintiffe  and  S'  Thomas  Smith  ||m'|| 
Alderman  lohnson  and  others  Defendants  touchinge  a  bond  of  eight 
hundred  pounds  in  question  and  touchinge  some  wrongs  and  losses 
sustained  by  thee*  ||sd  plaintiff  ||  it  was  nowe  moued  and  accordingly 
ordered  that  forsomuch  as  the  said  Decree  was  supposed  to  tend  to 
the  preiudice  of  the  whole  Companie  whome  it  did  not  concerne  in 
respect  they  were  not  but  as  priuate  Aduenturers  in  the  Magazine 
then  [338]  then  sett  out  for  Virginia  together  with  the  said  Defend- 
ants that  therefore  it  might  be  taken  into  consideracon  and  referred 
to  the  examinacon  of  a  select  Coiiiittee  Wherevpon  it  was  desired  that 
as  many  of  the  Magazine  Aduenturers  and  so  many  likewise  for  the 
Companie  as  could  be  procured  to  come  would  please  to  meet  about 
one  of  the  Clock  on  ffriday  next  ||it  vpon  Thursday  next||  in  the 
Afternoone  at  m''  Deputies. 

Order  beinge  giuen  the  last  Court  (as  had  bin  often  formerly)  for  the 
warninge  of  m'  Caninge  and  m'  Henry  Mansell  to  bringe  in  their 
Accounts  they  were  nowe  called  vpon  two  sundrie  times,  but  neither 
of  them  appeared,  wherevpon  direccon  was  nowe  ||also||  giuen  for  the 
warninge  of  them  to  be  present  with  their  Accounts  at  the  next 
Court. 

The  Court  takinge  into  their  consideracon  certaine  proposicons  pre- 
sented vnto  them  by  m'  Copland  in  the  behalfe  of  m'  Dike  formerly 
comended  for  the  Vshers  place  in  the  free  Schoole  intended  at  Charles 
Citty  in  Virginia  they  haue  agreed  in  effect  vnto  his  seuerall  requests 
namely  that  vpon  certificate  from  the  Gouernor  of  Virginia  of  his 
sufficiency  and  Diligence  in  fraininge  vp  of  youth  comitted  to  his 
charge  he  shalbe  confirmed  in  the  place  of  M'  of  the  said  Schoole, 
Secondly  that  if  he  can  procure  an  expert  writer  to  goe  ouer  with 
him  that  can  withall  teach  the  grounds  of  Arithmaticke  whereby  to 
instruct  the  Children  in  matters  of  Account,  the  Companie  are  con- 
tented to  giue  such  a  one  his  passage  whose  paines  they  doubt  not, 


MARCH  13,  1622  617 

but  wilbe  well  rewarded  by  those  whose  Children  shalbe  taught  by 
him,  and  for  the  allowance  of  100  acres  of  land  he  desireth  for  his 
owne  propper  inheritance,  it  is  agreed  that  after  he  hath  serued  out 
his  time  w'^''  is  to  be  flue  yeares  at  least  and  longer  duringe  his  owne 
pleasure  he  givinge  a  yeares  warning  vpon  his  remoue  whereby 
another  may  be  prouided  in  his  roome  the  Companie  are  pleased  to 
graunt  him  100  acres  as  before.  It  is  also  agi-eed  he  shalbe  furnished 
with  bookC  fitt  for  the  Schoole  for  w"''  he  is  to  be  accountable,  and  for 
y"  Children  the  Companie  haue  likewise  vndertaken  to  prouide  good 
store  of  bookC  fittinge  for  their  Vse  for  w"''  their  Parents  are  to  be 
aunsweareable,  lastly  it  is  ordered  that  the  agreem*  between  him  and 
the  Companie  shall  accordinge  with  to  his  owne  request  be  sett  downe 
in  writinge  by  waye  of  Ai'ticles  indented.     [339] 

Vpon  mocon  that  whereas  the  Sumer  Iland^  Companie  for  the  better 
informinge  of  Officers  their  Duty  in  their  seuerall  places  aswell  those 
of  the  Companie  here  as  those  also  in  the  Sumer  IlandC  haue  deuised 
many  good  and  holesome  lawes  to  the  great  satisfaccon  both  of  the 
Aduenturers  and  Planters  that  therefore  the  like  care  and  paynes 
might  be  taken  for  the  better  establishinge  of  good  gouerment  as 
well  here  as  in  Virginia,  time  and  experience  hath  nowe  sufficiently 
taught  them  the  necessity  of  ref orminge  and  sv;pplyinge  many  Defects 
both  there  and  here,  w"*"  mocon  was  well  approued  of,  and  because 
this  waighty  buissines  was  formerly  taken  into  consideracon  and 
Diuided  into  his  parte  and  comended  to  the  care  of  those  Coiliittees 
the  Court  desired  they  might  againe  be  put  in  mynde  of  their  seuerall 
taskC  and  afterwards  their  labo" :  beinge  brought  to  the  veiwe  of  this 
large  CoiTiittee  nowe  appointed  by  the  Court,  who  are  likewise  to 
obserue  and  collect  what  bindinge  orders  haue  bin  made  in  Quarter 
Courts  or  other  inferio''  Courts  since  the  last  printed  publicacon,  and 
havinge  reduced  the  whole  works  into  a  Body  of  lawes  might  then  be 
presented  to  feie  §the§  gracious  §  veiwe  of  his§  Ma*'*^  veiwe  by  whome 
beinge  approued  they  might  after  passe  the  confirmacon  of  a  Quarter 
Court. 


618  RECORDS  OF  THE  YIRQINIA  COMPANY 

The  names  of  the  Comittees  are  these  . 


S'  Edwin  Sandys. 

m'  Wroth. 

m'  Caswell. 

S'lorWolstenholme. 

m''  Tomlins. 

Capt:  Bargraue. 

S'  lo:  Dauers. 

m'  Nicho :  ffarrar. 

Capt:  Tucker. 

m'  lo:  Smith. 

m'  Kightley. 

m''  Edwards. 

m"'  Ro:  Smith. 

m"'  lermynn. 

or  any  fine  of  them 

m'  Gibbs. 

m'  Hackwell. 

m'  Wrote. 

m'  Bennet. 

I 


who  are  entreated  to  meete  about  this  buissines  vpon  Tuseday  in  the 
Afternoone  at  m^  Deputies  in  the  meane  time  m'  Wrote  is  desired  to 
collect  such  orders  as  haue  bin  made  since  the  last  Publication  w""" 
are  fitt  to  be  reduced  into  lawes. 

M'  Deputy  signified  that  he  had  receaued  of  late  certaine  intelligence 
that  m'  Gookins  Shippe  was  arriued  in  Virginia  with  km^  §40§ 
youuge  Cattle  well  and  safely  landed,  he  therefore  moued  that  for- 
asmuch as  diuers  others  might  be  much  encouraged  vpon  this  good 
newes  to  transport  Cattle  out  of  Ireland  thither  vpon  reasonable  con  - 
dicons,  that  a  Ire  might  be  writt  to  m'  Gookin  by  way  of  offer  that  if 
ft«y  that  if  any  should  be  pleased  to  vndertake  the  like  performance 
they  shall  haue  for  euery  Heifor  safely  deliuered  in  Virginia  100 
waight  of  good  marchantable  Tobacco  w"*"  mocon  was  well  approued 
of  and  order  giuen  for  a  letter  to  be  drawne  to  y'  effect.  ^  [340] 

M'  Waterhowse  presented  his  Account  signifyinge  of  dyvers  that 
beinge  solicited  had  bilk  to  shewe  of  moneyes  paid  to  s''  Thomas 
Smith  and  his  Servants  for  w"*"  notwithstandinge  they  stood  still 
charged  vpon  the  Ledger  booke  whereof  they  desired  they  might  be 
descharged :  Wherevpon  the  Court  entreated  the  Auditors  to  meete 
euery  Satturday  to  examine  these  i|said||  Accounts  and  to  receaue 
such  informacon  as  shalbe  giuen  them  from  time  to  time  touchinge 
those  buissinesses. 

The  peticon  of  Isabell  Read  beinge  taken  into  consideracon  the  Court 
hath  ordered  that  shee  shall  repaire  to  Captaine  lo :  Martin  to  require 
his  aunsweare  touchinge  his  promise  of  satisfaccon  for  her  goods  that 


MARCH  13,  1622  619 

he  hath  acknowledged  came  to  his  hands  and  which  he  hath  since 
alienated  and  sold  vnto  others  as  shee  made  to  appeare,  and  touchinge 
her  other  request  for  the  howse  and  100  acres  of  land  w^*"  lames  Read 
her  husband  deceased  in  Virginia  enioyed  in  respect  of  y**  Aduenture 
of  his  person  thither,  and  Died  seized  of  them,  the  Court  hath  con- 
firmed the  same  vnto  her  Daughter  loane,  accordinge  to  her  desu'e 
beinge  the  next  heire  vnto  her  deceased  father. 

A  request  was  ||made||  in  the  behalf e  of  Captaine  Each  M"^  of  the 
Abigaile,  that  forsomuch  as  he  had  donne  the  Companie  good  service, 
in  transportinge  of  Passengers  wherein  his  ease  1 1  care  ||  by  the  Gouer- 
nors  Certificate  was  much  comended  and  acknowledged  also  by  the 
Passengers  themselues  and  forsomuch  likewise  as  he  is  resolued  at 
his  owne  charge  to  settle  and  plant  diuers  Inhabitants  in  Virginia  and 
hath  there  already  placed  the  number  of  fiue  persons  intendinge 
yearely  to  send  ouer  more  vnto  them,  for  w""*  respect  the  Gouernor 
had  allotted  him  500  acres  of  land  vnder  the  Collonies  Scale,  His 
humble  Suite  therefoi'e  nowe  is  that  the  Companie  would  please  to 
confirme  the  same  vnto  him  vnder  their  legall  Scale  and  that  he 
might  be  admitted  a  free  Brother  of  this  Companie :  w''*'  request  the 
Co'*  generally  assented  vnto,  and  recomendinge  it  vnto  y"  Quarter 
Court  for  further  confirmacon,  when  it  is  dteo  thought  that  some  pro- 
porcon  of  land  be  bestowed  vpon  him  for  his  better  encoui*agement 
herein. 

ffrauncis  Carter  assigneth  one  share  of  land  in  Vu'ginia  vnto  Phillip 
Wood  of  London  gent  with  allowance  &  approbacon  of  this  Court 
beinge  parcell  of  the  40  shares  assigned  vnto  him  by  the  Right  Hono'''® 
the  Lady  Lawarr. 

Also  he  assigneth  six  shares  of  land  in  Virginia  vnto  m'  Thomas  Mel- 
linge  Cittizen  and  Ironmonger  of  London  formerly  belonginge  to  Capt 
Raph  Hamer.     [341] 

he  assigned  also  ese  ||two||  share  of  land  from  Captain  Raph  Hamer 
vnto  m'  Henry  Hutchinson  Cittizen  and  Grocer  of  London  these  last 
§8§  shares  beinge  contained  in  one  Bill  of  Aduentiu'e. 


620 


RECORDS  OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 


An  extraordinaet  Court  fob  Virginia 

HELD   ON   WeDENSDAY    IN    THE   APTERNOONE  THE    20^^"   OF  MaRCH    1621 

1 1  PRESENT  1 1 


S'  lo:  Dauers. 

m'  Edwards. 

m'  Caswell. 

m''  Deputy  ffarrar. 

m'  Wlieatley. 

m'^Mellinge. 

m^  Gibbs. 

m"'  Barbo^ 

m''  Dennis. 

m''  Wrote. 

m'  Balmford.' 

m'  Hacket. 

m'  Tomlins. 

m'  Seyward. 

m'  Cnffe. 

m''  Ro :  Smith. 

m'  Baynham. 

m''  Geo:  Smith. 

m''  Nicho :  ffarrar. 

m'  Roberta. 

with  diuers  others 

m"'  Binge. 

m'  Meuerell. 

A  request  was  made  in  the  behalfe  of  m'  Dennis  M'  of  y^  Marmaduke 
that  whereas  the  Gouernor  of  Virginia  in  respect  of  the  good  seruice 
he  had  donn  the  Companie  by  his  carefull  transporting  of  Passengers 
to  and  from  Virginia  had  bin  pleased  to  graunt  him  his  freedome 
there  that  therefore  the  Companie  would  please  to  confii'me  the  same 
vnto  him  w^**  request  the  Court  takinge  into  consideracon  was  pleased 
to  ratifie  vnto  him,  and  whereas  complaint  was  made  that  he  had 
taken  20"  for  the  transport  of  three  Passengers  homeward  w"''  was 
more  by  40"  then  their  due  passage  comes  vnto,  he  hath  promised  in 
open  Court  that  the  ouerplus  money  shalbe  againe  repaid  them. 

It  was  also  thought  fitt  that  caution  should  be  giuen  to  y^  Gouernor  to 
be  hereafter  more  carefull  that  he  bestowe  his  freedome  vpon  none 
in  this  kinde  but  such  as  shall  deserue  extraordinary  well  by  their  care 
and  good  vsage  of  Passengers. 

M'  Deputy  acquainted  the  Court  that  hauinge  receaued  a  Tre  the  16  of 
this  present  Moneth  from  m'  Alder  lohnson  with  request  that  the 

'Written  over  the  word  "Balmfold." 


MARCH  W,  1622  621 

Virginia  Court  booke  might  be  brought  to  S'  Thomas  Smiths  for  y* 
appointed  Comissions  to  pervse  those  orders  whereby  Henry  Mansell 
pretendeth  he  was  imployed :  he  was  aduised  by  some  of  the  Counsell 
then  present  when  that  letter  came  to  him  to  acquainte  the  Court  first 
therewith  in  respect  the  Companies  books  were  comitted  to  his  trust 
&  ought  not  to  be  pmitted  to  passe  abroad  w^'^out  y''  priuity  and  allow- 
ance of  a  Court  wherevpon  havinge  yesterday  signified  so  much  by 
letter  to  m"^  Alderm :  lohnson  he  receaued  another  from  him  that  night 
shewinge  some  dista[ste]  that  the  books  were  not  sent,  in  respect 
vpon  the  hearinge  of  Captai[ne]  [342]  Bargi-aues  cause  before  my 
Lo:  Keeper  the  Court  books  were  carried  as  farr  as  Westminister 
touchinge  w""  m'  Deputy  said  he  let  m'  Alderman  lohnson  knowe  that 
the  books  were  then  sent  vpon  my  Lord  Keepers  comandment  for  that 
the  cause  then  in  question  did  so  require  it  the  Court  therevpon 
takinge  this  matter  into  their  consideracon  did  well  approue  of  what 
m'  Deputy  had  Donne  holdinge  it  vnfitt  the  Records  of  the  Companie 
should  passe  abroad  w'^out  license  of  a  Court  And  touchinge  m'' 
Alderman  lohnsons  request  in  the  name  of  the  rest  of  the  Comis- 
sioners,  the  Court  are  willing  to  giue  waye  therevnto  and  hath  ordered 
the  Secretary  to  attend  y"  CoiSissioners  with  the  said  Court  booke  at 
their  next  meetinge  to  be  pervsed  by  them  and  after  to  bringe  the 
said  booke  ||same  backe||  againe,  and  for  further  caution  hereafter  it 
is  ordered  that  neither  the  Court  book^  nor  bookC  of  Account  nor  the 
Kings  Letters  Patents  to  the  Companie  nor  any  other  matter  of  Record 
whatsoeuer  shalbe  deliuered  to  any  except  principall  Officers  of  the 
Companie  without  consent  and  lycense  of  the  Court,  and  for  that  this 
order  may  the  more  duely  be  obserued  and  kept,  it  is  referred  to  the 
former  Cofiaittee  to  consider  thereof  that  it  may  be  made  a  lawe. 

fforsomuch  as  m'  William  Caninge  hath  bin  often  warned  to  bringe 
in  his  Account  in  respect  his  pretended  claime  of  much  money  due 
vnto  him  from  y^  Companie  and  yet  hath  refused  hitherto  to  present 
them  §It  is  thei*efore  ordred  he  shall  be  once  againe  pemptorily 
warned  to  bringe  them  in§  w*""  intimacon  that  if  he  faile  hereof 
between  this  and  the  next  Virginia  Court  the  Companie  are  resolued 
otherwise  to  proceed  against  him  in  legall  course  to  force  him  therevnto. 


622  RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

Herevpon  intelligeuee  was  giuen  that  one  m'  Smaleman  a  gent  of 
heriford  sheire  had  paid  25"  to  m'  Caninge  w''"  he  neuer  brought  into 
the  Companies  Accounts  whereby  m'  Smalemans  name  was  quite  left 
out  in  the  printed  booke. 

S'  Anthony  Pell  and  the  Lady  ludith  his  wife  passed  ouer  two  shares 
of  land  in  Vh-ginia  vnto  W"  Savill  esquire  beinge  formerly  aduentured 
by  m'  Aldfan  Rotheram  and  at  his  Decease  bequeathed  vnto  the  said 
Lady  ludith  his  then  wife. 

M'  Deputy  signified  that  one  m'  Leuison  desired  a  Comission  to  trans- 
port Passengers  to  Virginia  hauing  formerly  taken  a  Patent  for  sctlingc 
1 1  to  settle  1 1  a  pticuler  Plantacon  there,  where  vpon  y^  Court  gaue  order 
for  drawinge  vp  of  his  Comission  and  for  affixinge  y"  Companies  Seale 
there  vnto.     [343] 


At  a  Court  held  for  Yirginia  on  Wedensday  the  27^"  March  1622 

Present. 

Right  Hono'''^  Lo :  Cauendish.  m'lo:  Smith. 

Lo:  Padgett.  m'  Ro:  Smith. 

S'' lo:  Dauers.  m' Brooke. 

S^  Phi:  Carey.  m^  Hacket. 

m"  Deputy.  m' Nicho :  ffarrar. 

m"^  Wrote.  m'  Barnard, 

m'  Gibbs.  m'  Mole. 

m'  Bland  m^  Bull  m'  Kightley  m'  Caswell  m'  Barbor  m'  Balmefor[d] 
m'  Grace  m'  Swinhowe  m"^  Baynham,  m"^  Widdowes  m''  ladwin  m'' 
Benn[ett]  m"'  Viner  m"'  ffoxon  m''  Wood,  m'  Penistone  m"'  Scott  m' 
Kirby  m"^  Winch  m""  Woodall  m''  Stephens  m''  Brudenell  m''  Dar- 
nelly  m'  Wheatley  Capt :  Tucker  m'  Nicholls  m'  EdwardC  m'  ffelgate 
m'  New  [port]  m'  Leuer  m'  Copeland  m'  Roberts  m'  Leigh. 


MARCH  27,  1623  623 

M'  Deputy  acquainted  the  Court  that  thanks  be  to  God  the  George 
was  nowe  returned  from  Virginia  and  that  he  had  receaued  the 
Pacqu[et]  of  tres  sent  by  her  w'^''  he  now  presented  to  be  read,  where - 
vpon  the[re]  was  first  read  the  generall  letter  from  the  Gouernor  and 
Counsell  of  Virginia  and  after  such  priuate  letters  as  came  directed 
vnto  the  Counsell  and  Companie  here  wherein  amongst  other  things 
they  ga[ue]  aduertisement  that  the  Ironworks  so  longe  and  earnestly 
desired  were  nowe  in  a  good  forwardnes  to  be  sett  vji  by  the  meanes 
of  m"'  lohn  Berkley  who  doubted  not  but  to  make  Iron  there  by  Whit - 
sontyde,  also  of  the  great  hopes  they  haueof  Gotten  woole  i[n]  respect 
the  Trees  there  prosper  so  well,  also  of  plenty  of  good  wyne  whereof 
the  Vignerons  had  sent  home  a  tast  by  this  Shippe  the  Geor[ge]  and 
further  they  certified  that  their  hopes  are  nowe  greater  than  euer  [of] 
a  flourishinge  Country  in  a  short  time  with  that  rich  Comodity  of 
Silke  in  respect  the  ft'renchmen  there  do  report  the  Mulbery  Trees  to 
be  of  the  best  kinde  that  are  and  do  daylie  encourage  the  people  by 
their  example  to  plant  them  in  abundance,  w"*"  make  them  all  desire 
that  Store  of  Silkwormeseed  be  sent  them  with  y''  first  conveniency. 

There  was  also  now  presented  certaine  proposicons  sent  to  y^  Com- 
pan[ie]  by  m''  Deputy  Nuce  for  alteriuge  theii-  present  condicon  with 
their  Tenants  for  the  better  improuement  of  the  publique  Revenue 
and  aduancement  of  the  generall  Plantation,  w*^*"  Proiect  for  that  it 
contayned  matter  of  speaciall  importance  more  then  was  fitt  to  be  dis  - 
puted  vpon  for  the  present :  The  Court  hath  referred  it  to  y"  Counsell 
for  Virginia  to  take  it  into  their  consideracou  and  to  eertifie  then- 
opin[ion]  ||touching  y"  same||  against  the  Quarter  Court.     [34-4] 

Vpon  the  presentinge  ei  a  Certificate  from  the  Gouernor  of  G^  Vir- 
fjima  of  the  safe  arriuall  of  the  Warwicke  there  order  was  giueu  for 
payment  of  the  fraight  accordinge  to  the  Contract  made  with  the 
Owners  w"*"  was  for  payment  w"'in  14  dayes  after  sight. 

M'  Bull  Treasurer  for  the  last  Magazine  sent  to  Virginia  acquainted 
the  Court  that  he  had  not  receaued  the  full  some  of  the  lointe  Stoeke 
vnderwritteu  in  that  Roll  by  200"  by  reason  that  some  had  not  as  yet 

lti456— VOL  1—06 40 


624  RECORDS  OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

paid  in  their  subscription :  Wherevpon  the  Court  and  Aduenturers  of 
the  Magazine  entreated  m'  Deputy  and  m"'  Nicholas  ffarrar  to  take  vp 
so  much  money  and  to  become  bound  for  it  and  that  they  should  be 
secured  by  them  to  be  repaid  the  same  againe  vpon  the  first  returne 
together  with  the  interest. 

The  Court  beinge  informed  of  a  proposicon  desired  to  be  presented  to 
the  veiwe  of  his  Ma"  Counsell  for  Virginia  much  concerninge  the 
Plantation  haue  referred  it  accordingly  to  their  consideracon. 

M'  Deputy  signified  of  three  Shipps  sett  out  by  priuate  Aduenturers 
namely  the  furtherance  the  lames  the  Margaret  and  lohn  that  would 
be  ready  after  Easter  to  sett  Sayle  for  Virginia  and  therefore  desii'ed 
that  such  as  had  either  Passeng"  or  goodC  to  send  thither  would  be 
pleased  to  giue  speedy  notice  thereof,  and  further  moued  for  order  to 
drawe  vp  seuerall  Coinissions  for  the  said  Shipps  w''"  the  Court 
assented  vnto  authorizinge  m'  Deputy  to  seale  them. 

Hee  also  moued  for  order  for  drawinge  vp  two  seuerall  Patents  for 
perticuler  Plantacons  in  Virginia,  the  one  desired  by  m'  Robert  Mos- 
ton  esqr  vndertakinge  to  transport  and  plant  100  psons  and  the  other 
by  Capt  Dan:  Tucker  a  Brother  of  this  Companie,  w"''  the  Court 
assented  vnto. 

Edmund  Brudenell  of  Stoakemandauill  in  y*  County  of  Breck :  esquire 
by  his  Assignem*  vnder  his  hand  and  Seale  bearinge  Date  the  28'"  day 
of  Aprill  in  the  12"'  yeare  of  the  Kings  Raigne  of  England  C  passed 
ouer  to  ffrauncis  Brudenell  his  sonn  his  two  Shares  of  land  in  Vir- 
ginia due  for  the  Aduenture  of  25"  paid  to  S'  Tho :  Smith  then  Tf er 
for  Virginia  as  by  his  Bill  of  Aduenture  vnder  the  Companies  Seale 
Dated  the  3  8""  of  March  may  appeare  (whose  name  notwithstandinge 
is  left  out  in  y^  Printed  booke)  w^*"  assignem'  beinge  allowed  by  the 
Auditors  this  present  Court  did  ratifie  and  confirme.     [345] 

Vpon  intelligence  giuen  of  the  want  of  Ministers  in  Virginia  whome 
the  Inhabitants  there  do  verie  much  desire  promisinge  to  allowe  them 
good  entertainement  without  charge  to  the  Companie,  M'  Deputy  gaue 
notice  of  two  or  three  that  had  binn  with  him  and  offered  themselues 


"  APRIL  3,  1622  625 

to  goe  vpon  reasonable  ||condicons||  where vpon  the  Court  referred 
them  to  the  Coinittee  to  be  treated  with. 

ffrauncis  Carter  passed  ouer  9  shares  of  land  in  Virginia  parcell  of  the 
later  40  assigned  vnto  him  by  the  right  hono'''^  the  Lady  Lewarr 

To  Henry  Paulsted  of  London  march  taylor 3 

To  George  Mole  of  London  gent 2 

To  m"^  lo :  Bowater  of  London  Marchant 2 

To  m'  Rich :  Stephens  of  London  painter  stainer 1 

To  Rich :  Markham  of  '  in  y*  County  of  Kent  esqr 1 

Also  llm'll  Thomas  Mellinge  passed  ouer  two  shares  of  land  in  Vir- 
ginia parcell  of  6 :  assigned  vnto  him  from  m'  Raph  Hamer  vnto  m' 
Robert  lefferies  of  London  Haberdasher. 


An  extraordinary  Court  held  for 
Virginia  on  Wedensday  the  3°  of  Aprill 

i622 


Present 


Lo:  Cauendish. 
S'  lo:  Dauers. 
m'  Deputy  fEarrar. 
m'  Gibbs. 
m'  Wrote, 
m'  Ro :  Smith, 
m"^  Tomlins. 
m'  Nich"  ffarrar. 


m'  Ditchfeild. 
m'  Edwards, 
m'  Rogers, 
m"'  Caswell, 
m"^  Wiseman, 
m' lad  win. 
m'  Woodall. 
m'  Geo:  Smith, 
m'  Meuerell. 


m'  Webb. 

m'  Sparrowe. 

m''  Mellinge. 

m'  Cuffe. 

m"'  Caninge. 

with  diuers  others. 


The  Sumer  Hand?  Court  held  this  Afternoone  beiuge  dissolued  and 
the  Virginia  Co"  sett  m'  Depty  signified  that  vpon  a  proposicon  for- 

'  a  blank  space  in  the  manuscript. 


626  RECORDS  OF  TEE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

merly  made,  vpon  the  good  successe  it  pleased  God  to  giue  m'  Gookin 
this  last  Sumer  in  transportinge  his  people  and  cattle  safely  to  Vir- 
ginia certen  gentlemen  of  Ireland  nowe  in  Towne  beinge  much  encour- 
aged and  not  able  to  stay  till  next  yeare  made  an  offer  to  vndertake 
the  like  performance  as  m'  Gookin  had  donn,  so  as  they  might  knowe 
and  be  assured  aforehand  at  what  ratC  they  should  be  able  to  put  of 
their  Cattle  in  Virginia  at  their  cominge  there  w''*'  offer  the  Court  tak- 
inge  into  consideracon  did  at  length  agree  that  for  the  better  encour- 
agement of  such  vndertakers  they  should  haue  for  euery  Heifer  of  our 
right  English  breed  of  twoe  yeares  old  and  vpwards  deliuered  safe  and 
sound  in  Virginia  allowed  them  there  either  130  waight  of  Tobacco 
or  11"  in  money  at  their  eleccon  for  w''"  they  should  haue  the  Com- 
panies Seale  for  their  security.     [346] 

And  whereas  the  said  vndertakers  did  likewise  make  offer  to  trans- 
port out  of  Ireland  20  or  30  able  youthes  of  16 :  or  17  yeares  of  age 
to  Virginia  to  be  Apprentices  for  6  or  7  yeares  in  the  Companies  ser- 
uice  w**"  40"  a  peece  in  Apparrell  w''*'  they  would  deliuer  safe  in  Vir- 
ginia at  the  rate  of  8"  the  person  in  money  or  a  C"  waight  of  Tobacco 
the  Court  likinge  well  of  this  their  offer,  are  contented  vpon  Certifi- 
cate as  aforesaid  to  giue  that  allowance  either  in  money  or  Tobacco 
at  their  eleccon  as  is  desired. 

Vpon  notice  giuen  that  one  m'  Hawes  pretends  he  hath  diners  bills 
of  Exchange  remayninge  in  his  handC  §of  §  good  Soines  of  money  due 
vnto  him  from  y"  Virginia  Companie  the  Court  doth  desires  that  he 
make  his  Demauud<  in  writinge  and  present  them  on  Monday  next  to 
m"^  Deputy  that  the  next  Court  may  take  them  into  theu"  consideracon. 


APRIL  10.  len 


627 


At  a  Court  held  for  Virginia 

THE   lO'^"   DAYE   OF   ApRILL   1622 

Present 


S^  lo:  Dauers. 

m'  Edwards. 

m'  WoodaU. 

m'^  Deputy. 

m'  Barbo'. 

m'  ladwin. 

m^  Gibbs. 

m'  Barnard. 

m"'  Rogers. 

m''  Wrote. 

m'  Copland. 

m"'  Morewood. 

m"'  lo :  Smith. 

m'  Barkham. 

m'  Harris. 

m"^  Ro :  Smith. 

m''  Caswell. 

m''  Widdowes. 

m'  Nich°  ffarrar. 

m'  Roberta. 

m""  Geo :  Smith 

m'  Geo:  Mole. 

m'  Meuerell. 

m'  Bull. 

m'  Mellinge. 

m'  ffoxtou. 
m'  Webbe. 
m"'  Baynham. 

Vpon  the  readinge  of  a  former  order  of  Court  declaringe  the  gi-eat 
hopes  the  ffrench  Vignerous  haue  conceaued  of  makinge  plenty  of 
good  Wyne  in  Virginia  whereof  they  had  already  made  experiment 
and  sent  home  a  tast  by  the  George  nowe  returned  from  thence  m' 
Deputy  acquainted  the  Court  that  there  was  due  to  the  said  ffrench - 
men  for  their  wages  for  one  whole  yeare  past  the  Some  of  one  hun  - 
dred  and  odd  poundC  (as  might  appeare  w""  by  the  Contract  made  with 
them  vnder  the  Companies  Scale)  for  w"*"  money  one  Bonnall  (whome 
they  had  authorised  to  receaue  the  same)  had  bin  with  him  earnestly 
solicitinge  him  for  it,  and  therefore  moued  that  seeinge  y"  comon 
Stocke  was  cleane  exhausted  some  course  might  be  thought  vpon  for 
their  satisfaccon :  Wherevpon  it  beinge  taken  into  [347]  consideracon 
it  was  at  length  agreed  and  ordered  that  m'  Deputy  should  be 
entreated  to  take  vp  so  much  money  as  would  satisfie  the  said  Debt 
for  w'^''  the  Companie  haue  promised  hereby  and  vndertaken  to  saue 
him  harmeles  fe^^r  ||by||  the  proceed  of  goods  nowe  come  home,  and 


628  RECORDS  OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

at  the  next  Quarter  Court  order  should  be  taken  to  secure  him 
for  such  other  moneyes  as  he  hath  or  shall  disburse  for  the  Com- 
panies vse. 

HercATpon  a  mocon  beinge  made  that  forsomuch  as  priuate  Planters 
receaued  equall  benifitt  by  the  ffrenchmens  skill  and  instructinge  of 
others  in  the  Arte  of  plantinge  and  settinge  of  Vines  and  in  the  mis- 
tery  of  makinge  Wyne  that  they  also  be  ordered  to  beare  part  of  the 
charge  thereby  to  ease  the  Companie  w*""  mocon  was  well  approued 
of  and  thought  fitt  to  be  remembred  in  the  next  generall  Ire  to  y" 
Gouernor  whei-eby  it  might  be  proposed  vnto  them  and  required  of 
them. 

Vpon  notice  taken  of  the  Companies  Treasury  exhausted  informacon 
was  giuen  of  much  money  that  might  be  found  due  to  the  Companie 
from  Accountants  (if  their  Accounts  were  duely  examined)  touchinge 
w"''  a  Note  was  presented  in  Court  touchinge  ||of  ||  diuers  moneys  made 
paid  to  S'  W"  Garway  by  the  Virginia  Companie  w'^''  are  not  to  be 
found  in  S'  W"  Garway es  Accounts,  w""  note  as  by  the  pticulers 
appeared  amounted  to  no  lesse  then  433"  17°  4** :  where  vpon  the  Court 
desired  the  Auditors  to  take  notice  thereof  and  to  examine  the  said 
Accounts  and  other  like  Somes  they  shalbe  informed  of  and  accord- 
ingly to  make  report  vnto  the  Court. 

ff orsomuch  as  the  George  was  nowe  returned  safe  from  Vu'ginia  con  - 
firminge  the  good  newes  they  had  formerly  receaued  of  the  safe 
arriuall  of  then-  Shippes  and  people  in  Virginia  sent  this  last  Soiuer : 
it  was  nowe  thought  fitt  and  resolued  accordinge  to  a  mocon  formerly 
made  to  the  like  effect,  that  a  Sermon  should  be  preached  to  accept 
||expresse||  the  Companies  thankefulnes  vnto  God  for  this  his  great 
and  extraordinary  blessinge:  To  w*^*"  end  the  Court  entreated  m''  Cop- 
land beinge  present  to  take  the  paines  to  preach  the  said  sermon 
before  §beinge§  a  brother  of  the  Companie  and  one  that  was  well 
acquainted  with  the  happie  successe  of  their  affaires  in  Virginia  this 
last  yeare  vpon  w"*"  request  m'  Copland  was  pleased  to  vndertake  it 
and  therevpon  two  places  beinge  proposed  where  this  exercise  should 
be  pformed  namely  S'  Michaells  in  Cornehill  or  Bowe  Church  it  was 


APRIL  10,  lem  629 

by  ereccon  [348]  of  handC  appointed  to  be  in  Bowe  Church  on 
Wedensday  next  beinge  the  17""  Day  of  this  present  Moneth  of  Aprill 
about  4  of  the  Clocke  in  the  Afternoone  for  w'^''  purpose  m'  Carter  is 
appointed  to  giue  notice  of  the  time  and  place  to  all  the  Companie.' 

A  request  was  made  in  the  behalfe  of  m'  lohn  Berkley  M"'  of  the  Iron 
workC  in  Virginia  that  in  respect  he  had  with  extraordinary  Skill  and 
Industrie  bi-ought  that  longe  desired  worke  to  so  good  foi-wardnes  as 
to  vndertake  so  confidently  to  make  Iron  there  by  Whitsontyde  next, 
as  by  his  owne  and  m''  Sandys  letter  appeared,  the  Companie  would 
please  for  his  better  encouragement  in  so  hopefull  a  worke  to  supphe 
him  and  his  people  with  such  prouision  as  he  hath  most  earnestly 
desired  in  his  letter,  w'^"  charge  he  hath  promised  to  repaye  againe  out 
of  the  first  fruite  of  their  labo"  w''''  request  beinge  taken  into  serious 
consideracon  and  w^'all  the  benifitt  and  consequence  of  so  great  a 
worke  vnto  the  whole  Plantation  and  for  so  much  as  the  Companies 
Stocke  was  quite  exhausted,  the  Court  againe  entreated  m'  Deputy  as 
formerly  to  take  vp  so  much  money  as  might  supplie  him,  for  w"*"  he 
should  be  secured  as  before  they  hath  §bin§  declared. 

Whereas  m"^  Dike  was  entertayned  to  be  vssher  in  the  free  scoole 
intended  in  Virginia  it  was  nowe  signified  that  he  havinge  since 
shewed  a  willingnes  to  resigne  that  place  by  reason  of  some  other 
hopes  he  had  to  preferr  himself  here  in  England  the  Comittee  thought 
fitt  in  reguard  of  his  longe  waitinge  and  Dependance  vpon  that  imploy- 
ment  to  bestowe  vpon  him  3"  to  discharge  him  w''"  agi-eement  and 
allowance  this  Court  did  well  approue  of. 

M'  Deputy  moued  for  drawinge  vp  a  Patent  for  S''  Bowyer  Worsly 
who  intended  to  transport  and  plant  diners  persons  in  Virginia: 
Wherevpon  the  Court  ordered  a  Patent  to  be  made  ready  for  him 
against  the  next  Quarter  Court. 

Vpon  readinge  a  Ire  presented  in  Court  directed  to  m'  Deputy  ffarrar 
from  one  m"'  Nicho:  Hawes  signif yinge  of  two  Bills  of  Exchange  made 
ouer  vnto  him  the  said  Hawes  by  m'  Henry  Rolfe  payeable  longe 

'This  sermon  was  printed  and  is  referred  to  in  List  of  Reoonls,  Xo.  311*,  page  155,  anit. 


630  RECORDS  OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

since  and  sett  downe  in  m'  Essingtons  bookC  as  Debt<  of  y°  Com- 
panies to  be  paid  as  money es  came  in,  the  Court  takinge  it  into  con- 
sideracon  and  havinge  [349]  examined  the  bills  and  withall  beinge 
certified  howe  vnduely  those  debt^  were  laid  vpon  the  Companie  they 
willed  the  messenger  that  brought  the  Letter  to  returne  m'  Hawes 
this  aunsw'  followinge  that  they  doe  not  vnderstand  for  the  present 
that  any  such  bill  was  euer  accepted  and  the  direccon  beinge  to  S' 
Thomas  Smith  as  Treasurer  of  the  Virginia  Companie  by  m"'  Peirs 
who  hath  Relacon  in  his  imployment  there  onely  fe*"  ||to||  the  Maga- 
zine Company  the  Virginia  Companie  are  of  opinion  they  are  not  to 
be  charged  directly  with  any  such  bill  by  him. 

It  was  also  thought  fitt  that  seeinge  m'  Rolfe  was  so  forward  to  passe 
his  letter  of  Atturney  to  m'  Hawes  in  the  behalfe  of  his  Brother  for 
receauinge  the  said  moneyes  his  brother  beinge  notwithstandinge 
indebted  to  the  Companie  for  moneyes  long  since  due  that  he  should 
no  we  likewise  be  strictly  called  vpon  and  requu-ed  to  paye  the  same. 

M'  Henry  Wolstenholme  of  London  gentleman  passed  ouer  three 
shares  of  land  in  Virginia  vnto  m'  lo :  Wolstenholm  of  London  Esquire 
with  the  allowance  of  the  Auditors  and  approbacon  of  this  Court. 

With  like  allowance  and  approbacon  ffrauncis  Carter  passed  ouer  two 
shares  of  land  in  Virginia  vnto  m'  George  RookC  Cittizen  and  Lether- 
seller  of  London  beinge  parcell  of  the  later  40  shares  assigned  vnto 
him  the  said  ffrauncis  Carter  by  the  Right  Hono"''*'  the  Lady  Lawarr. 

With  like  approbacon  Abrose  Wood  of  Tattingstone  in  the  Countie  of 
Suffolke  gentleman  by  his  Assignement  vnder  his  hand  and  Scale 
bearinge  date  the  31  daye  of  January  last  past,  passed  ouer  two  shares 
of  land  in  Virginia  vnto  Nathaniell  Etherington  of  ffleetstreet  in 
London  gent.     [350] 


MAI"  8,  1622 


631 


Virginia  Court  held  the  8"^"  of  May  i622 


S''  lo:  Daiiers. 

m"^  Dep :  ffarrar. 

m"^  lo:  Wolstenholme. 

m''  Gibbs. 

m''  Wrote. 

m'  Mole. 

m'  Ro:  Smith. 

m'  Nicho :  ffarrar. 

m''  Rogers. 

m''  Copland. 

m"  Caswell. 

m'  Binge. 


Present 

m''  Widdowes. 
m'  Roberta, 
m"'  Swinhowe. 
m'  Mellinge. 
m'  Hackett. 
m""  Moorer. 
m''  Woodall. 
m"'  Newport, 
m''  Tomlins. 
m"^  Barkham. 
ra^  Wynn. 
m"^  Martin. 


m'  Leigh. 

m"'  Peirs. 

m"^  Barbo'. 

m'  Geo:  Smith. 

Capt:  Tucker. 

m'  Roberta. 

m''  De  Lawne. 

m'  Moorer. 

m'  ladwin. 

with  diners  others. 


The  Court  beinge  moued  to  take  some  order  about  the  Tobacco  brought 
home  by  the  George  lately  returned  from  Virginia  hauinge  entreated 
m'  Bland  m'  Caswell  m'  Geo :  Smith  and  m'  Mellinge  to  take  vp  out 
of  the  Custome  howse  &  to  sell  and  dispose  of  all  the  Tobacco  come 
home  in  the  said  Shippe  aswell  from  the  Colledge  Tenants  as  from 
the  Treasuror  and  Capt:  Nuce  or  any  other  way  belonginge  to  the 
seuerall  Companie,  they  were  also  entreated  to  discharge  and  satisfie 
aswell  the  fraight  of  the  said  Tobacco  to  m''  Ewens  as  also  the  Custome 
and  other  charges  of  it. 

And  further  they  were  entreated  to  vse  all  convenient  diligence  in  the 
sellinge  of  the  said  Tobacco  that  w^'all  expedicon  money  might  be 
made  of  it  the  price  and  manner  of  Sale  was  wholly  referred  to  their 
tidelity  and  discrecon.  And  it  was  by  a  generall  croccon  of  hands 
||consent||  ordered  that  out  of  the  proceed  of  the  said  Tobacco  they 
should  first  satisfie  themselues  for  all  such  charges  as  they  should 
bo  at  §lay  out§  or  engage  themselues  for  in  this  buissines  and  the 


632 


RECORDS  OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 


Remainder  of  money  that  should  arise  by  the  sale  of  the  Tobacco 
should  by  m'  Bland  m'  Caswell  m'  George  Smith  and  m^  Mellinge  be 
paid  ouer  vnto  m'  Deputy  ffarrar  and  m""  Nicho :  ffarrar  his  Brother 
towardC  the  payment  and  satisfyinge  of  such  boudC  and  Debt<  as  they 
haue  engaged  themselues  for  vpon  the  Companies  buissines. 

M'  Deputy  obseruinge  some  of  the  Magazine  Aduenturers  to  be  nowe 
present  that  were  not  at  yesterdayes  meetinge  in  the  Afternoone  at 
the  end  of  the  Sumer  Hands  Court  when  they  treated  about  the  Tobacco 
brought  home  by  m''  Peirce  in  the  Concord  || being ||  about — 11000 
waight  [351]  w''"  he  estimated  |]esteemed||  would  come  to  about  1700" 
he  tooke  occasion  to  acquaint  them  w'^''  what  had  bin  then  ordered  vizt 
that  they  had  entreated  m'  Bull  and  m"'  Caswell  to  take  vp  the  said 
goodC  and  to  cleare  the  Custome,  and  hauinge  tryed  the  markett^  and 
vnderstood  of  the  best  price  that  will  be  giuen  for  it  they  are  to 
acquaint  the  Magazine  Aduenturers  therewith,  and  out  of  the  proceed 
of  the  said  Tobacco  it  is  intended  that  order  shalbe  taken  for  satisfy - 
Inge  of  them  the  charges  they  are  §at§  or  shall  stand  engaged  for,  the 
rest  of  the  mony  beinge  ordered  to  be  reserued  in  Cash  vntill  the  said 
Aduenturers  shall  appoint  when  and  howe  the  diuident  shalbe  made 
vnto  each  of  them :  The  Court  beinge  moued  to  graunt  a  Patent  §for 
a  pticuler  Plantacon§  to  m''  Edmond  Wynn  an  auncient  Aduenturer 
gaue  order  for  makinge  it  ready  against  the  next  Quarter  Court. 


Vpon  informacon  giuen  of  lames  Hooper  §Porter§  his  deceitfull  deal- 
ing w*^*"  the  Companie  in  the  trust  they  reposed  in  him  beinge  taken 
with  much  Tobacco  thrust  into  his  hose  w'^''  he  had  out  of  the  Ware- 
howse,  whereby  it  was  suspected  he  had  often  vsed  this  manner  of 
purloyninge,  it  was  agreed  and  ordered  that  he  should  be  put  out  of 
his  place  and  no  longer  imployed  as  their  Porter,  and  for  better 
caution  hereafter  against  the  like  attempt  It  is  likewise  ordered  that 
whomesoeuer  shalbe  admitted  into  that  place  shall  giue  good  security 
for  his  faithfull  dealinge  with  the  Companie  and  shall  stand  aun- 
sweareable  to  make  good  whatsoeuer  he  or  any  other  that  he  shall 
imploy  can  be  iustly  charged  with  to  haue  binn  imbeselled  besidC  the 
forfeiture  and  losse  of  his  owne  place  ipso  facto. 


MA  T  8,  1622  633 

Wherevpon  the  Companie  beinge  resolued  to  choose  another  in  his 
Roome  in  reguarcl  of  the  present  imployment  they  had  of  a  Porter  to 
lookc  vnto  lltake  vpp||  the  Companies  goodC  nowe  come  home  a  mocon 
was  made  in  the  behalfe  of  one  Robert  Peasly  who  was  well  knowne 
to  diners  of  the  Companie  to  be  sufficient  for  the  place  and  one  that 
proffered  good  security  for  his  truth  vpon  w'^''  good  report  and  promise 
of  Security  the  Companie  haue  entertayned  the  said  Robert  Peasly 
for  their  Porter  intendinge  to  eonfirme  ||the  sd  place  vnto||  him  at  the 
next  Quarter  Court  and  for  his  better  encouragement  haue  all  thought 
fitt  to  allowe  him  a  marke  a  yeare  for  his  Salary.     [352] 

lohn  Martin  the  Persian  makinge  humble  suite  for  the  Companies 
fauo"'  to  the  ffarmors  of  his  Ma"  Custome  to  free  him  from  payinge 
double  Custome  w'^"  they  required  of  him  beinge  a  Stranger  notwith- 
standinge  he  was  made  a  freeman  in  Virginia  by  S''  Geo :  Yeardley 
then  Gouernor  as  by  Certificate  vnder  the  Collonies  Scale  appeared 
Answeare  was  made  toi;chinge  his  freedome  that  none  but  the  Kiuge 
could  make  him  a  free  deuizon  of  England,  and  for  the  Custome 
demaunded  the  ffarmors  themselues  could  not  nowe  remitt  in  reguard 
they  had  already  entred  the  parcell  into  their  bookC  and  charged  it 
vpon  Account,  wherevpon  it  beinge  taken  into  consideracon  howe  he 
might  be  releiued,  he  was  at  length  aduised  to  peticon  vnto  my  Lo :  Tf  ear 
for  remittinge  the  said  imposicon  in  reguard  he  was  a  fi-eman  of  Yu-- 
ginia  and  intended  to  returne  thither  againe  w***  some  servants  out  of 
the  proceed  of  that  smale  parcell  of  Tobacco  he  bad-  ||here||  brought 
ouer  to  supplie  his  wantC. 

Vpon  the  humble  peticon  of  Elizabeth  Smalley  widdowe  it  is  ordered 
that  shee  shall  haue  the  porcon  of  land  that  is  due  vnto  her  and 
touchinge  her  clayme  of  twoe  yoake  of  Oxen  and  other  Cattle  reniayn  - 
inge  in  Vii-ginia  that  Shee  desires  to  sell  the  Court  not  knowinge  of 
any  Cattle  that  Shee  hath  there  hath  giuen  her  leaue  to  make  what 
sale  of  them  shee  can. 

M'  Waterhowse  mouinge  to  carry  the  RollC  of  subscription  to  such 
lordC  and  others  as  made  question  of  y*  Soiiies  they  had  vnderwritteu 


634 


RECORDS   OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPACT 


beinge  longe  since  aud  out  of  ye"  §their§  memoi'ies  the  Court  gaue 
order  to  y®  Secretary  to  let  him  haue  them  as  occasion  requu-ed  tak- 
inge  a  note  vnder  his  hand  of  the  deliuery  of  them. 

M'  Paulson  moued  y*  whereas  he  had  aduentured  50"'  in  y^  old  Maga- 
zine ioyut  Stocke,  and  cominge  to  m'  Essington  for  order  to  take  out 
his  money  as  others  did  he  Deenied  ^  the  same  vnlesse  he  would  pay 
for  the  transport  of  two  men  sent  ouer  w*^*"  m""  Crosse  of  w"^  two  men 
m"'  Paulson  said  the  Compauie  had  giuen  them  their  transport  in 
requitall  of  his  paines  in  y*  settinge  out  of  y"  first  two  Shipps  for  y* 
Magazine  yet  neuertheles  m'  Peirs  not  findinge  these  2  mens  trans- 
ports satisfied  by  reason  y*  Crosse  died  by  y^  way  did  therefore  make 
stay  of  his  goods  for  their  said  transport  but  m'  Peirs  beinge  nowe 
plsent  acknowledged  he  had  afterward  satisfaccon  from  m'  Crosse  his 
Executo":  Wherevpon  the  Court  ordered  that  m'  Paulson  should 
haue  out  his  Aduenture  as  others  had,  and  for  y®  allowance  of  his  two 
mens  transports  giuen  ||him||  he  was  to  make  proof e  thereof  at  the 
next  Plagazinell  Court.     [353] 

Vpon  the  humble  peticon  of  Vrsula  ffrench  widdowe  a  verie  poore 
woman  cravinge  some  allowance  towards  her  mayntenance  out  of 
Elias  Longs  estate  beinge  her  Apprentice  and  nowe  imployed  in  the 
Companies  seruice  in  Virginia,  the  Court  hath  ordered  that  it  shalbe 
recomended  to  the  care  of  the  Gouernor  there  to  cause  the  said  Elias 
Longe  to  send  her  100  waight  of  Tobacco  as  shee  desh-es. 

Martha  Paules  peticoninge  to  haue  her  Tobacco  freed  of  Cxistome 
beinge  but  a  smale  jjarcell  is  willed  to  repaire  to  the  Customers  in 
whose  jjower  it  is  to  releiue  her. 

Adam  Dixon  peticoninge  for  the  remaynder  of  his  wages  due  vnto 
him  by  Contract  with  the  Companie  as  he  pretends  some  12  yeares 
since  who  went  with  S"'  Thomas  Dale  in  his  voyadge  to  Virginia  for- 
somuch  as  this  present  ||  pretended  ||  contract  was  vnknowne  to  the 
Company  nor  did  it  any  way  appeare  likely  to  be  true  he  was  willed 

'Written  over  the  number  "30"  by  the  reviewer. 
'Written  over  the  word  "deemed." 


MAY  S,  16S2  635 

to  come  better  prepared  with  his  proufes,  there  beinge  some  in  Court 
that  reported  he  was  longe  agoe  satisfied. 

The  Aunsweare  of  Captaine  lohn  Martin  to  a  former  order  of  Court 
graunted  vpon  the  peticon  of  the  widdowe  read  beinge  nowe  pre- 
sented and  read,  forsomuch  as  the  said  Aunsweare  seemed  to  con- 
tradict a  former  Letter  w'^''  he  had  sent  vnto  the  said  widdowe  from 
lames  Towne  in  Virginia  dated  the  IQ""  of  Nouemljer  iGlO  wherein 
he  promised  to  giue  her  satisfaccon  for  her  Husljaud  goodC  to  the  full 
value  w''*'  were  prized  at  5"  19'  as  he  informeth  by  his  said  letter  the 
Court  hath  ordered  that  a  Coppie  of  the  said  letter  together  with  his 
aunsweare  vnder  the  attest  of  the  Secretaries  hand  shalbe  sent  to  the 
Gouernor  and  Counsell  of  Virginia  whoe  are  entreated  to  examine 
this  perticuler  buissiues  and  therein  to  proceed  accordinge  to  equity 
and  good  conscience  for  the  releife  of  the  peticone\ 

M'  Clement  Wilmer  of  Stratford  3owo  vpon  request  passed  his  two 
shares  of  land  in  Virginia  to  George  Wilmer  of  the  said  place  with 
the  allowance  of  the  Auditors  and  approbacon  of  this  Court. 

ffrauncis  Carter  also  passed  one  share  of  land  in  Virginia  to  m'  Henry 
Wentworth  of  London  Skinner  parcell  of  the  later  40  assigned  vnto 
him  by  the  Right  Hono'''"  the  Lady  Lawarr.     [354] 

M*^  Staples  Minister  recomended  by  m'  Abra:  Chamberlen  and  by 
Certificate  vnder  the  handC  of  well  neare  20  Diuines  contiuuinge  still 
his  earnest  request  vnto  the  Companie  for  some  allowance  towards 
the  transport  and  furnishinge  out  of  himselfe  his  wife  and  Child  to 
Virginia  where  he  hath  a  Brother  lyvinge  w'^''  moues  him  the  rather 
to  goe,  for  w'^''  allowance  he  is  contented  to  put  himselfe  wholly  [upon] 
their  free  bounty,  the  Court  takinge  it  into  consideracou  did  at  length 
agree  that  although  their  Stocke  was  spent  they  would  strayne  them- 
selues  to  giue  him  20"  to  pay  for  thcii'  llhis||  said  passage  and  to  fur- 
nish him  with  necessaries  and  for  that  it  was  moued  that  be  might 
giue  some  testimony  of  his  sufficiencie  by  a  Sermon  as  is  vsuall  he 
was  desired  to  preach  vpon  sonday  come  sennight  in  the  Afteruooue 
iu  S'  Scyths  Church  w""  ho  promised  to  performe. 


636  RECORDS  OF  THE  VIRGINIA  COMPANY 

W  Deputy  havinge  acquainted  the  Court  with  the  notice  that  Capt: 
Martin  had  giuen  him  by  two  seuerall  letters  of  a  meetinge  at  S'  Tho : 
Smiths  of  certaine  Hono""  Lords  and  Knights  appointed  Comittees  by 
his  Ma"^  to  take  hearing  of  y^  difference  between  him  and  the  Vir- 
ginia Companie,  it  beinge  nowe  taken  into  eonBidcracon  §eonsidera- 
con  after  some  deliberacon§  had  there vpon  the  Court  entreated  m' 
Deputy  m'  Tomlins  m'  Wolstenholme  m"'  lermynn  m'  Nicho :  ffarrar 
m'  Caswell  m'  Roberts  or  any  3  of  them  to  repaire  to  S'  Tho :  Smiths 
howse  to  morrowe  about  two  of  the  Clocke  in  the  Afternoone  accord - 
inge  to  the  appointment  to  attend  the  said  Comittee  and  havinge 
vuderstood  Capt:  Martins  propositions  and  matter  of  charge  they 
after  ||are||  to  desire  a  Coppie  thereof,  and  acquaint  the  Company 
therew*"  from  whome  they  shall  receaue  as  is  hoped  a  satisfactory 
Aunsweare.     [         Y 

Memoranda  that  wee  Edward  Waterhouse  and  Edward  Collingwood 
Secretaries  of  the  Companies  for  Virginia  and  the  Sumer  Hands  haue 
examined  and  compared  the  Booke  going  before  conteyning  one  hun- 
dred, seaventy,  seven  leaues  from  Page  1  to  Page 354  with  the 

originall  Booke  of  Courts  itself :  And  doe  finde  this  Booke  to  be  a  true 
and  pf  ect  Copie  of  the  said  originall  Courte  booke :  Savinge  that  there 
is  here  wantinge  in  the  Copie  ccrtnino  ||el  one||  Courte  from  ||of||  the 
20'"  of  May  1620  te  and  y"  begining  of  y-^  Q'  Crt  ||held|l  22"^  but  as 
farre  as  is  here  entred  in  this  Copie,  doth  truely  agree  with  the  orig- 
inall itself.  And  to  euery  Page  I  Edward  Collingwood  haue  sett  my 
hand,  and  both  of  vs  do  hereby  testij&e  as  aboue  that  it  is  a  true  Copie. 

Ian.  28  1623. 

Edw:  Waterhouse.  Secre 

Ed  :  Collingwood  Secre 

'  The  following  certification  is  written  on  an  unnumbered  page  of  the  manuscript  following  page  354. 


\ 


