SOURCE HEADER | URL: https://archive.org/download/newvoyagetocarol00laws/newvoyagetocarol00laws_djvu.txt | Edition: John Lawson, A New Voyage to Carolina, London 1709 (archive.org scan OCR; poor quality, for collation) | Fetched: 2026-09-14 (UTC) by worker B | Raw OCR/plain text, unedited
----

31  mint  fchT  IHithm 
fiilromi 

jSrtnmt  llntBcrstttj 


Jfi-ttKHTTU   /kit.  ?/•  fdradWtL 


-fa 


m 


.^v^fo>V\  X-    \^ 


v 


ANEW, 

VOYAGE 


T  O 


CAROLINA! 

Containing  the 

ExaEl  Defcription  and  Natural  Hifiary 

OF    THAT 


COUN 


-  Together  with  the  Prefent  State  thereof. 

AND 

A   JOUR  N  A  L 

Of  a  Thoufand  Miles,  TraveFd  thro'  feveral 
Nations  <£  INDIANS* 

Giving  a  particular  Account  of  their  Cuftoms, 
-    -    Manners,  &c. 


By  John  Law  son,  Gent.  Surveyor- 
Ceneral  of  North-Carolina. 


LO  N  D  ON.- 
Printed  in  the  Year  1709. 


; 


■   .      : 


t 


■ 


<0b'-~  >  ■  —a- 


JL    iJL    A*.*/ 


0  v. . 

T  ""H  O 


1 


r 


L      w 


t     i|'  ^TJ  ;Q -T> 


%j 


To  His  Excellency 
William  Lord  Graven,  Palatine ; 
The  moil  Noble,  Henry  Duke  of  Beaufort ; 
The  Right  Honble  John  Lord  Carteret  ; 
The  HonbIe  Maurice  Ashley,  Efq; 
Sir  John  Colleton,  Baronet, 
John    Dans  on,  Efq; 

And  the  reft  of  the  True  and  Abfolute 

LORDS- PROPRIETORS 

OF    THE 

Province  of  Carolina  in  America, 


My  Lords, 

S  Debts  of  Gratitude  ought  molt  pun- 
dually  to  be  paid,  fo,  where  the  Deb- 
tor is  uncapable  of  Payment,  Acknow- 
ledgments ought,  atleaft,  to  be  made.  I  can- 
not, in  the  leaft,  pretend  to  retaliate  four  Lord* 
/hips  Favours  to  me,  but  muft  farther  intrude 
on  that  Goodnefs  of  which  1  have  already  had 
fo  good  Experience,  by  laying  thefe  Sheets  at 
Your  Lord/hips  Feet,  where  they  beg  Proteai- 
on,  as  having  nothing  to  recommend  them,  but 
Truth ;  a  Gift  which  every  Author  may  t>e 
Matter  of,  if  he  will.  " 

Aa  I 


-  '  / 


E  D  I  CAT  I  0 


I  here  prefent  Tour  Lordjhips  with  a  De- 
fer! ption  of  your  own  Country,  for  the  molt 
part,  in  her  Natural  Drefs,and  therefore  lefs  vi- 
tiated with  Fraud  and  Luxury.  A  Country, 
whofe  Inhabitants  may  enjoy  a  Life  of  the 
greatelt  Eafe  and  Satisfaction,  and  -pafs  away 
their  Hours  in  folid  Contentment. 

Thole  Charms  of  Liberty  and  Right,  the 
Darlings  of  an  Englijh  Nature,  which  Tour 
Lordjhips  grant  and  maintain,  make  you 
appear  Noble  Patrons  in  the  Eyes  of  all  Men, 
and  we  a  happy  People  in  a  Foreign  Country  • 
which  nothing  lefs  than  Ingratitude  and  Bale- 
nefs  can  make  us  difown. 

As  Heaven  has  been  liberal  in  its  Gifts,  fo 
are  Tour  Lordjhips  favourable  Promoters  of 
whatever  may  make  us  an  eafy  People  ;  which, 
I  hope,  Tour  Lordjhips  will  continue  to  us  and 
our  Pofterity  ;  and  that  we  and  they  may  al- 
ways acknowledge  fuch  Favours,  by  banifhing 
from  among  us  every  Principle  which  ren- 
ders Men  factious  and  lartjnft,  which  is  the 
hearty  Prayer  of. 

My  Lords, 

"T<mr  Lordfoips  moft  obliged, 

moft  humble, 

and  moft  devoted  Servant, 

J  o  hn   La  w  s  o  ft. 


SPJ  IS  a  great  Misfortune,  thai  mofi  of  our  Tra- 
vellers, whs  goto  this  vaft  Continent  in  Ame- 
rica, are  Perfons  of  the  meaner  Sort,  and  ge- 
nerally of  a  very  flender  Education  ^  who  be- 
ing hir'd  by  the  Merchants,  to  trade  amongjl  the  Indians, 
in  which  Voyages  they  often  fpend  fever al  Tears,  are  yet f 
at  their  Return,  nncapalole  of  giving  any  reafonable  Ac- 
count of  what  they  met  withal  in  th of e  remote  Parts; 
tho>  the  Country  abounds  with  Ciiriofties  worthy  a  nice 
Obfervation.  In  this  Point,  I  think,  the  Frerich  out- 
Jirip  us. 

Firft,  By  their  Numerous  Clergy,  their  Mijjionaries. 
being  obedient  to  their  Superiors  in  the  highefl  pegfee, 
and  that  Obedience  being  one  great  Article  of  their  Vow\ 
and  firi&ly  ebfervd  amongjl  all  their  Orders. 
-  Secondly-,  They  always  fend  abroad  fome  of  their 
Gentlemen  in  Company  of' the  Mijfionaries,  who,  upon 
their  Arrival,  are  order 'd  out  into  the  Wildemefs,  to 
make  Difcoveries,  and  to  acquaint  themf elves  -with  the 
Savages  of  America  \  and  are  oblig'd  to  keep  a  firi& 
Journal  of  all  the  Pajfages  they  -meet  withal  jn  order  to  pre- 
fent  the  fame  not  only  to  their  Governors  and  Fathers,  but 
likewife  to  their  Friends  and  Relations  in  France  ; 
which  is  induflrioufly  Jpread  about  that  Kingdom,  to 
their  Advantage.  For  their  Monarch  being  a  very  good 
Judge  of  Mens  Deferts,  doe,s  not  often  let  Money  or  Inte- 
refi  make  Men  of  Parts  give  Place  to  others  of  lefs 
Worth.    This  breeds  an  Honourable  Emulation  amongft 

them*, 


E   R  E    F   A   C  E. 


them,  to  outdo  one  mother,  even  ivSatigws,  and  Dm* 
gerp  whereby  they  gain  a  good  Correspondence  with  the 
Indians,  and  acquaint  themfehes  with  their  Speech  and 
Ufjloms  hondfo  make  considerable  Difcoveries  in  a  ibort 
*fifiL  ?■""$>  m/\  Journals  from  Canada,  to  the 
Mliiidpi,  and  Us  Jeveral  Branches,  where  they  have  effe- 
cted great  Matters,  in  a  few  Tears.  J 

Having  fpent  mofl  of  my  Time,  during  my  eight  Tears 
Abode.m  Czrohm    in  traveling  b  I  not  only  furvey  d  the 
Lrfif    thf  ?«*ts  which  are  already  inhabited  by 
the  Lhrijhans ,    but  lihewife  view  d  a  fpatious  TraB  of 
Land,  lying  betwixt  the  Inhabitants  and  the  Ledaes  of 
Mountains,   from  whence  our  nobleft  Rivers  have  their 
Ktje     running  towards  the  Ocean,   where  they  water  as 
pleafant a  Country  as  any  in  Europe;    the  Difcovery  of 
which  being  never  yet  made  publick,  I  have,  in  the  fol- 
lowing   Sheets,  given  you   a  faithful  Account  thereof 
woerein  I  have  laid  down  every  thing  with  Impartiality 
wd  Irutto,  which  is  indeed,   the  Duty  of  every  4uthor 
and  preferable  to  a  fmooth  Stile,  accompany  d  with  Fal- 
fities  and  Hyperboles. 

Great  V art  of  this  pleafant  and  healthful  Country  is 
inhabited  by  none  but  Savages,  who  a>vet  a  Chri/iian- 
Neighbourhood,  for  the  Advantage  of  Trade,  and  enjoy 
4iU  the  Comforts  of  Life,  free  from  Care  and  Want. 

But  not  to  amufe  my  Readers  any  longer  with  the  En- 
comium of  Carolina,,  /  refer  "em  to  my  Journal ,  and  o- 
thcr  more  particular  Defer iption  of  that  Country  and  jts 
inhabitants,  which  they  will  find  after  the  Natural  Hifto- 
ry  thereof  in  which  I  have  been  very  exaff,  and  for  Me- 
thod's fake,  rangd  each  Species  under  its  diftindt  and 
proper  Head,    ~. 


INTRO- 


( I ) 


: 


INTRODUCTION. 


N  the  Y'ear  1.700,  when  People  flock'd  from 
all  Parts. of  the  Chriftian  World,  to  fee  the 
Solemnity  of  the  Grand  Jubilee  at  Rome,  my 
Intention,  at  that  Time,. being  to  travel,!  ac- 
cidentally met  with  a  Gentleman,whohad  been 
Abroad,  and  was  very  well  acquainted  with  the 
Ways  of  Living  in  both  Indies  ;  of  whom,having  made  Enqui- 
ry concerning  them,  he  aflur'd  me,  that  Carolina  was  the  bell 
Country  I  could  go  to  1  and,that  there  then  lay  a  Ship  in  the 
Thames,  in  which  I  might  have  my  PafTage.  I  laid  hold  on  this 
Opportunity,  and  was  not  long  on  Board,  before  we  fell  down 
the  River,  and  fail'd  to  Corns  \  where,  having  taken  in  fome 
Paffengers,  we  proceeded  on  our  Voyage,  'till  we  fprung 
a-leak,  and 'were  forc'd  into  the  Iflands  of  Sdlly.  Here  we 
fpent  about  10. Days  in  refitting  ;  in  which  Time  we  had  a 
great  ■  dial "  of  Diverfion  in  Fifliing  and  Shooting  on  thofe 
rocky  Iflands.  The  Inhabitants  were  very  courteous  and 
civil,  efpecially  the  Governor,  to  whofegood  Company  and 
Favour  we  were  very  much  oblig'd.-  There  is  a  Town  on 
one  of  'thefe  Iflands,  where  is  good  Entertainment  for  thofe 
that  happen  to  come  in,  though  the  Land  is  but  mean,  and 
Fleilv-meat  not  Plenty.  They  have  good  Store  of  Rabbits, 
Quails,  and  Fim  V  and  you  fee  at  the  poor  Peoples  Doors 
great  Heaps  of  Perriwinkle-fhelis,  thofe  Fifh  being  a  great 
Part  of  their  Food.  On  ^the  ift  Day  of  May,  having  a  fair 
Wind  at  Baft,  we  put  to  Sea,  and  were  on  the  Ocean  (with- 
out fpeaking  to  any  VefTel,  except  a  Ketch  bound  itomNew 
England  to  tarbaloes,  laden  with  Horfes,  Fifh,  and  Provifions) 
"till  the  latter  End  of  July,  when  the  Winds  hung  fo  much 
Southerly,  that  we  could  not  get  to  our  Port,  but  put  into 
Sandyhool-bay,  and  went  up  to  NewTork,  -after  a  pinching 
Voyage,  caus'd  by  our  long  Paffage.    We  found  at  the  Wa- 

B  tering- 


CO  

tering-Place,  a  French  Man  of  War,  who  had  on  Board  Men 
and  NecefTaries  to  make  a  Colony,  and  was  intended  for 
the  Mejiajippi  River,  thereto  fettle.  -The  Country  of  iW- 
lork  is  very  pleafant  in  Summer,  but  in  the  Winter  very 
cold,  as  all  the  Northern  Plantations  are.  Their  chief  Com- 
modities are  Provisions,  Bread,  Beer,  Lumber,  and  Fiih  in 
abundance  ■;  all  which  are  very  good,  and  fome  Skins  and 
Furrs  are  hence  exported.  The  City  is -govern'd  by  a  May-' 
or,  (as  in  England)  is  feated  on  an  Ifland,  and  lies  very  con- 
venient for  Trade  and  Defence,  having  a  regular  Fort,  and 
well  mounted  with  Guns.  The  Buildings  are  generally  of  a 
fmaller  Sort  of  Flenjip  Brick,  and  of  the  Dutch  Fafhion,"  (ex- 
cepting fome  few  Houfes  : )  They  are  all  very  firm  and  good 
Work,  and  conveniently  plac'd,  as  is  likewife  the  Town, 
which  gives  a  very  pleafant  Prdfpedf  of  the  neighbouring' 
Iflands  and  Rivers.  A  good  Part  of  the  Inhabitants  are 
Dutch,  in  whofe  Hands  this  Colony  once  was.  After  a  Fort- 
night's Stay  here,  we  put  out  from  Sandyhook,  and  in  14  Days 
after,  arriv'd  at  Charles -Town,  the  Metropolis  of  South  Caro- 
lina, which  is  fcituate  in  32,  45  North  Latitude,  and  admits 
of  large  Ships  to  come  over  their  Bar  up  to  the  Town,  where 
is  a"  very  commodious  Harbour,  about  5  Miles  diftant  from 
the  Inlet,  and  ftands  on  a  Point  very  convenient  for  Tra,de, 
being  feated  between  two  pleafant  and  navigable 1.  Rivers, 
The  Town  has  very  regular  and  fair  Streets,  in  which  are 
good  Buildings  of  Brick  and  Wood,  and  fince  my  coining 
thence,  has  had  great  Additions  of  beautiful,  large  Brick- 
buildings,  befides-'a  ftrong  Fort,  and  regular  Fortifications 
made  to  defend  the  Town.  The  Inhabitants,  by  their  wife 
Management  and  Induftry, have  much improv'd  the  Country, 
which  is  in  as  thriving  Circumftances  at  this  Time,  as  any 
Colony  on  the  Continent  of  Englifl)  J:merzca^ndis  of  more  Ad- 
vantage to  the  Crown  of  Great  Britain,  than  any  of  the  other 
more  Northerly  Plantations,  (Virginia  and  Maryland  excepted.) 
This  Colony  was  at  firft  planted  by  a  genteefSort  of  People 
that  were  well  acquainted  with  Trade,  and. had  either  Mo- 
ney or  Parts,  to  make  good  Ufe  of  the  Advantages  that  cf- 
fer'd,  as  moft  of  them  have  done,  by  raifing  themfelves  to 
,greaf  Fitates,  and  confiderable  Places  of  Truft,  and  Polls  of 
'  -  <  Honour, 


(3  ) 


Honour,  in  this  thriving  Settlement.  Since  the  firft  Plan- 
ters, abundance  of  French  and  others  have  gone  over,:  and 
rais'd  themfelves  to  considerable  Fortunes.  They  are  veij 
neat  and  exaci  in  Packing  and  Shipping,  of  their  Commodi- 
ties •,  which  Method  has  got  them  fo  great  a  Chara&er  A- 
broad,  that  they  generally  come  to  a  good  Market  with 
their  Commodities  ;  when  oftentimes  the  Product  of  other 
Plantations,  are  forc'd  to  be  fold  at  lower  Prizes.  They 
have  a  confiderable  Trade  both"  to  Europe,  and  the  Weft 
Indies,  whereby  they  become  rich,  and  are  iupply'd  with  all 
Things  neceflary  for  Trade,  and  genteel  Living,  which 
feveral  other  Places  fall  fhort  of.  Their  co-habiting  in  a 
Town,  has  drawn  to  them  ingenious  People  of  molt  Sci- 
ences, whereby  they  have  Tutors  amongft  them  that  edu- 
cate their  Youth  a-la-mode. 

Their  Roads,  with  great  Industry,  are  made  very  good 
and  pleafant.  Near  the  Town  is  built,  a  fair  Parfonage- 
houfe,  with  neceflary  Offices,  and  the  Minifter  has  a  very 
confiderable  Allowance  from  his  Pariih.  There  is  likewife  a 
French  Church  in  Town,  of  the  Refer m'd  Religion,  and  fe- 
veral Meet  ing-houfes  for  difTenting  Congregations,  who  all 
enjoy  at  this  Day  an  entire  Liberty  of  their  Worfhip  -,  the 
Conftirotion-  of  this  Government,  allowing  all  Parties  of 
well-meaning  Chriftians  to' enjoy  a  free  Toleration,  and  pof- 
fefs  the  fame  Priviledges,  fo  long  as  they  appear  fo  behave 
themfelves  peaceably  and  well  :  It  being  the  Lords  Propri- 
etors Intent,  that  the-  Inhabitants  of  Carolina  Ihould  be  as 
free  from  Oppreflion,  as  any  in  the  Univerfe  •,  which  doubt- 
lefs  they  will,  if  their  own  Differences  amongft  themfelves 
do  not  occafion  the  contrary. 

They  have  a  well-difciplin'd  Militia;  their  Horfe  aremoft 
Gentlemen,  and  well  mounted,  and  the  beft  in  America,  and 
may  equalize  any  in  other  Parts:  Their  Officers,  both  In- 
fantry and  Cavalry,  generally  appear  in  fcarlet  Mountings, 
and  as  rich  as  in  molt  Regiments  belonging  to  the  Crown, 
which  Ihews  the,  Richnefs  and  Grandeur  of  this  Colony. 
They  are  a  Fronteer,  and  prove  fuch  troublefome  Neigh- 
bours to  the  Spaniards,  that  they  have  once  laid  their  Town 
of  St.  Avgnfiine  in  A{he§>and  drove  away  their  Cattle  ;  befides 

B  2  many 


(4) 


.many  Encounters  and  Engagements,  in  which  they  have  de- 
feated them,  too  tedious  to  relate  here.     What  the  French  got 
by  their  Attempt  aga'mft South  Carolina,  will  hardly  ever  be 
rauk'd  amongit  their  Victories  h  their  Admiral  Mouville  be- 
ing glad  to  leave  the  Enterprize,-  and  run   away,  after  he 
had  fufferd  all  the  Lofs  and  Difgrace  he  was  capable  of  re- 
ceiving.    They  are  abfolute  Matters  over  the  Indians    and 
carry  io  ftnet  a  Hand  over  i'uch  as  are  within  the  Circle  of 
tnerr  Trade,  -that  none  does  the  leaf*   Injury  to  any  of  the 
EvgliJlK  but  he  is  pre  fen  fly  fent  for,  and  punifh^ci  with  Death 
or  otherwiie,  according  to  the  Nature  of  the  Fault.     They 
have  an  entire  Friendfhip.  with  the  neighbouring  Indians  of 
feveral  Nations,  which  are  a  very  warlike  People,  ever  faithful 
to  the Englifl],  and  have  prov'd  themfelves  brave  and  true  on  all 
Occafjons  •,    and  are  a  great  Help  and  Strength  to  this  Colo- 
ny.    The  Chief  of  the  favage  Nations  have  heretofore  groan?d 
under  the  Spanijb  Yoke,  and  having  experienc  d  their  Cruel- 
ty, are  become  fuch  mortal  Enemies  to  that  People,  that 
they  never  give  a    Spaniard  Quarter  5  but  generally, 'when 
they  take  any  Prifoners,  (if  the  EngliJ/j  be  not  near  to  prevent 
it)  iculpthem,  that  is,  to  take  their  Hair  and  Skin  of  their 
Heads,  which  they  often  flea  away,  whilft  the  Wretch  is  a- 
Iive.     Notwithftanding  the  Engtifi  have  us'd  all  thlflr  En- 
deavours, yet  they  could  never  bring  them  to  leave  this  Bar- 
barity to  the  Spaniards;  who,  as  they  alledge,  ufe  to    mur- 
der them  and  their  Relations,  and  make  Slaves  of  them  to 
build  their  Forts  and  Towns. 

This  Place  is  more  plentiful  in  Money,  than  moft,  or  in- 
deed any  of  the  Plantations  on  the  Continent  h  befide's  they 
build  a  confiderable  Number  of  VefTels  of  Cedar,  and  other 
Wood,  with  which  they  trade  to  Cuirajfau,  and  the  Wtfi  Indies  ■ 
from  one  they  bring  Money,  and  from  the  other  the  Produce 
of  their  Jflands,which  yields  a  neceffary  Supply  of  both  to  the 
Colony.  Their  Stocks  of  Cattle  are  incredible,  being  from 
one  to  two  thoufand  Head  in  one  Man's  PofTeffion  :  Thefe 
feed  in  the  Savannas,  and  other  Grounds,  and  need  no  Fodder 
in  the  Winter,  l:  Their  Mutton  and  Teal  is  good,  and  their 
Pork  is  not  inferior  to  any  in  America.  As  for  Pitch  and 
Tar,  none  of  the  Plantations  are  comparable  for  affording 

the 


(5) 


the  vaft  Quantities  of  Naval  Stor«,asthis  Placed  jes.  There 
have  been  heretofore  fome  Difcovenes  of  rich  Mines  m  the 
mountanous  Part  of  this  Country  ;  but  being  remote  from  the 
prefent  Settlement,  and  the  Inhabitants  not  well  vers  d  in- 
ordering  Minerals,  they  have  been  laid  alide  till  a  more  fit . 
Opportunity  happens.  There  are  feveral  noble  Rivers,  and 
fpacious  Trafls  of  rich  Land  in  their  Lordfhips  Dominions, 
lying  to  the  Southward,  which  are  yet  uninhabited  befides 
PertRovaL  a  rare  Harbour  and  Inlet,  having  many  Inhaoi- 
tants  thereon,  which  their  Lordihips  have  now  made  a  Port 
for  Trade.  This  will  be  a  mod  advantageous  Settlement,  ly- 
ing fo  commodioufly  for  Ships  coming  from  the  Gulph,  and 
the  Richnefs  of  the  Land,which  is.  reported  to  be  there.  Theie 
more Soutbtrly  Parts  will  afford  Oranges,  Limons,  Limes,  and 
many  other  Fruits,  which  the  Northerly  Plantations  yield 

10 The  Merchants  of  Carolina,  are  fair,  frank  Traders.  .The 
Gentlemen  feated  in  the  Country,  are  very  courteous,  live 
very  nobly  in  their  Houfes,  and  give  very  genteel  Entertain- 
ment to  all  Strangers  and  others  that  come  toyifit  them.  And 
fince  the  Produce  of  South  and  North  Car  ohm  is  the  lame,  .un- 
lets Silk,  which  this  Place  produces  great  Quantities  of  and 
vervicSd,  North  Carolina  having  never  made  any  Tryal 
thereof  as  yet,  therefore  I  (hall  refer  the  natural  Produce  of 
this  Country,  to  that  Part  which  treats  of  North  Urolina, 
whofe  Productions  are  much  the  fame.  The  Chriltian  In- 
habitants of  both  Colonies  pretty  equal,  but  the  Slaves  of 
South  CarolinaatefM  more  in  Number  than  thofe  in  the  North. 
I  fhall  now  proceed  to  relate  my  Journey  thro  the  Country,- 
from  this  Settlement  to  the  other,  and  then  treat  of  the  na- 
tural Hiftory  of  Carolina,  with  other  remarkable  Circum- 
ftances  which  Ihave  met  with,  during  my  eight  Years  Abode 
in  that  Country.     . 


M- 


CO 


mill 


-\ 


Saturday. 


■  ■ 


I     .  ..,  ■ 

A 


J. 


OF 

1  thoufand  Miles. Travel  among  the 

Indians,  from  South  to  North' 
Carolina. 

N  December  the  28th,  1700,  I  began  my  Tor- 
age  (for  North  Carolina)  from  Charles-Town  be- 
ing, llx  EngUfi-menin  Company,  with  three 
IndiM-men,  and  one  Woman.  Wife  to  our  In- 
dian-Gmde,  having  five  Miles  from  the  Town 
to  the  Breach  we  went  down  in  a  large  Canoe 
M  %e_hadpKmded  tor  our  Toy  age  thither,  ha^ug  the 
Tide  of  Ebb  along  with  us  3  which  was  fo  far  fpent  by  that 
Time  we  got  down  that  we  had  not  Water  enough  for  our 
Craft  to  go  over,  although  we  drew  but  two  Foot'  or  there- 
abouts. This  Breach  is  a  PafTage  through  a  Marfh  lying  to 
the  Norrtwardoi  Sullmamm^vA^  the- Pilots  having  a  Look- 
out thereon,  lying  very  commodious  for  Marines,  (on  that 
Coal!)  making  a  good  Land-Mark  info  level  a  Country,  ri£ 
Bar  being  difficult  to  hit,  where  an  Obfervation  hath  been 
wanting  for  a  Day  or  two,  North  Eafi  Winds  bringing  great 

■?*fcM      '  *?a  Rains'  which>  towards  the  cool  Months 
of  USober,    November,    and  until  the  latter  End  of  March 
often  appear  m  thefe  Parts.     There  are  three  Pilots  to  at' 
*?%  ^?  condu6*Ships  over  the  Bar.     The  Harbour  where- 
the  VelTels  generally  ride,  is  againft  the  Town  on  Cooper's  Ri- 
ver, lying  within  a  Point  which  parts- that  and  ^fcy-River 
tnev  beine  Land-lock'd  almnft  nn  di  <i;a00  -  -  s 


they  being  Land-lock'd  almoir.  on,  all  Sides. 


At 


1 


(7) 

At  4  in  the  Afternoon,  (at  half  Flood)  we  pafs'd  with  our 
Canoe  over  the  Breach,  leaving  SuUivam  Ifland  on  our  Star' 
board.  The  firft  Place  we  ctefign'd  for,  was  Santee  River,  on 
which  there  is  a  Colony  of  irro?t6'Proteftants,allo^v'dand  en- 
Courag'd  by  the  Lords  Proprietors.  At  Night  we  got  to  BeFs- 
Jfland,  a  poor  Spot  of  Land,  being  about  ten  Miles  ronnd,. 
where  liv'd  (at  that  Time)  aBerimdiaii,  being  employ'd  here 
with  a  Boy,  to. look  after  a  Stock  of  Cattle  and  Hogs,  by  the 
Owner  of  this  Ifland.  One  Side  tof  the  ftsof  of  his  Houfe  was 
thatch'd  with  Patoneto'-foaves,  the  other  open  to  the  Hea- 
v-ens,.  thousands  of  Mufketoes>  and  other  trOublefomelnfefe., 
tormenting  both  Man  and  Beaft  inhabiting  thefe  IOands.  The 
Pahneto- trees,  whofe  Leaves  growing  only  on  the'  Top  of  Palmeto- 
the  Tree,  in  the  Shape  of  a  Fan,  and  in  a  Clufter,  like  a  Cab- trees°  - 
b&ge  -y  this  Tree  in  Carolina,  when  at  its  utmoft  Growth,  isf  • 
about  forty  or  fifty  Foot  in  Height,  and  two  Foot  through  : 
It's  worth  mentioning,  that  the  Growth  of  the  Tree  is  not 
.perceiveable  in  the  Age  of  any  Man,  the  Experiment  having 
been  often  try'd  in  Bmmlas,  and  elfewhere,  which  fhews  the 
flow  Growth  of  this  Vegitable,  the  Wood  of  it  being  porous 
and  ftringy,  like  feme  Canes^  the  Leaves  thereof  the  Bermu- 
'Oatis  make  Womens  HatSjBokeets,  Bafkets,  and  pretty  Dref- 
iing-bofes,  a  great  deal  being  ti-anfported  to  Penfihania^ 
and  other  Northern  Parts  G$  America,  (Where  they  do  not  grow) 
for  the  fame  Manufacture .  The  People  of  Carolina  make  of  the 
Fans  ofthisTree,  Brooms  very  ferviceable,  to  fweep  their  Hou- 
fes  withal. 

We  took  up  our  Lodging  this  Night  with  the  Ber  mudian  5 
our  Entertainment  was  very  indifferent,  there  being  nofrefe 
Water  to  be  had  on  the  Ma  nd. 

The  next  Morning  we  fet  away  thro'  theMarfhes  jj  about 
Noon  we  revxh'd  anothet  Ifland,  call'd  D ix's  Ifland,  much  like 
to  the  former,  tho' larger ;  there  liv'd  an  honeit  Scot,  who  gave 
us  the  belt  Reception  his  Dwelling  afforded,  being  well  provi- 
ded of  Oat-meal,  and  feveral  other  Effects  he  had  found  on 
that  Coaft  5  which  Goods  belonged  to  that  unfortunate  VeiTel, 
the  Rijing  Sun,  a  Scotch  Man  of  War,  lately  arrived  from  the 
v  Ijlnms  oi'Darkn,  and  call  away  near  the  Bar  of  AfbUy  River,the 
Ssptembsr  before,  Qwgt.Gibfon  oEGlafco  then-commanding  her, 


(8) 


Septem.  5 
noo. 


who,  with  above  an  hundred  Men  then  on  Board  her,  were  e- 
very  Soul  ckown'd  in  that  terrible.:  Guftwhich  then  happen 'd* 
naoft.of  the  Corps  being  taken  up,;  -were  carefully-  interred  by 
Mr.  Grabam-y  their  Lieu  tenant,  who  happily  was  on  Shore  du- 
ring the  Tempeit. 

After  Dinner,  we  Mt. ant  Scotch.  Landlord,  and  went  that 
Night  to'the  North  Eafl  Point  of  the  Ifland  :   It  being  dark 
ere  we  got  there,  our  Canoe  [truck  on  a  Sand  near  the  Break- 
ers, and  were  in  great  Danger, of  our  Lives,  but  :(by  God's' 
Blefhng),  got  off  fafetfo  the  Shore, -where  we  lay  all  Night. 
Monday,       jgg  $jf.  Morning -we  fet.  forwards  on  our  intended  Voyage. 
About  two  a  Clock  we   got  to  Bulls  Ifland,  which  is  about 
thirty  Miles  long,  and  hath  a  great  Number  of  both  Cattel 
and  Hogs  upon  it  •.  the  Cartel  being  very  wild,  and  the  Hogs 
yery  lean.     Thefe  two  laft  Iflands.  belong  to  one  Colonel  Ca- 
ry,  an  Inhabitant  of  South  Carolina.     Although:  it  were  Win- 
ter, yet  we  found  fuch  Swarms -of.  Mufketoes,  and  other  tro- 
blefome  Infecls,  that  we  got  but  little  Reft  that  Night. 
luefday.      ;  The  next  Day  we  intended  for  a  fmall  Ifland  on  the  otfur 
Side  of  £W-Bay,  which  joining  to  thefe  Iflands,  Shipping 
might  come  to  victual  or  careen ;  but  there  being  fuch  a  Bur- 
den of  thofe  Flies,  that  few  or  none  cares  to  fettle  there-,  To  the 
Stock  thereon  are  run  wild. ,  We  were  gotten  about  hl!f  Way 
to  &?eco?z-Ifland,  when  there  fprungup  a  tart  Gale  at  N.W, 
which  put  us  in  fome  Danger  of  being  call  away,  the  Bay 
being  rough,  and  there  running  great  Seas  between  the  two 
Iflands,  which  are  better  than  tour  Leagues  afunder,  a  ftrong 
Current  of  a  Tide  fetting  in  and  out,  which  made  us  turn 
Tail  to  it,  and  got  our  Cahoe  right  before  the  Wind,  and 
came  fafe  into  a  Creek  that  is  joining  to -the  North  End  of 
Bulk  Ifland.     We  fent  our  Indiaw'to hunt,  who  brought  us 
two  Deers,  which  were  very  poor,  and  their  Maws  full  of 
large  Grubs. 
Wednefdny     CN  frie  Morrow  we  went  and  viiited  the  Eajlermofi  Side  of 
this  Ifland,  it  joining  to  the  Ocean,  having  very  fair  fandy 
Eeechee,  pav'd  with  innumerable  Sorts  of  curious  pretty  Shells, 
verv  p!  ifant  to  the  Eye.     Amongft  the  reft,  we  found  the 
,    S$&T}iJk  ->/fter-Shell,  whence  come  the  Pearls.     They  are  very 
large,  and  of  a  different  Form  from  other  Oy Iters ;.  their 

Colour 


IL_ 


(9) 


Colour  much  refembles  the  Tortoife-Shell,  when  it  is  drefs'd. 
There  was  left  by  the  Tide  feveral  ftrange  Species  of  a  imi* 
ciligmous  flimy  Subftance,  though  living,  and  very  aptly 
mov^d  at  their  firft  Appearance  \  yet,  being  left  on  the  dry 
Sand,,  (by  the  Beams  of  the  Sun)  foon  exhale  and  vamih. 

At  our  Return  to  our  Quarters,  the  Indians  had  kill'd  two 
more  Deer,  two  wild  Hogs,  and  three  Racoons,  all  very  lean, 
except  the  Racoons.  We  had  great  Store  of  Oyfters,  Conks, 
and  Clanns,  a  large  Sort  of  Cockles.  Thefe  Parts  being  very 
well  furnifh'd  with  Shell-Filh,  Turtle  of  feveral  Sorts,  but  few 
or  none  of  the  green,  with  other  Sorts  of  Salt-water  Fifh,  and 
intheSeafon,  good  Plenty  of  Fowl,  asCurleus,  Gulls,  Gail- 
nets,  and  Pellicans,  befides  Duck  and  Mallard,  Geefe,  Swans, 
Teal,  Widgeon, ■  &c.  n     -  -         i} 

Oh  Tbitrfday  Morning  we  left  Bulls  Iiland,  and  went  thro  rimr/da^ 
the  Creeks,  which  lie  between  the  Bay  and  the  main  Land 
At  Noon  we  went  on  Shore,  and  got  our  Dinner  near  a  Planta- 
tion^! a  Creek  h aving  the  full  Profpeft  of  Setpee-Biy : '  W e  fent 
up  to  the  Houfe,  but  found  none  at  Home,  but  a  Negro,  of 
whom  our  MefTenger  purchas'd  fome  fmall  Quantity  of  To- 
bacco and  Rice,  We  came  to  a  deferred  Indian  _  Residence, 
talVd  Abendaugb-bovgh,  where  we  refted  that  Night. 

The  next  Day  we  enter'd  &wta?-River's  Mouth,  where  is  Friday* 
freih  Water,  occafion'd  by  the  extraordinary  Current  that 
comes  down  continually.  With  hard  Rowing,  we  got  two 
Leagues  up  the  River,  lying  all.Night  in  a  fwampy  Pieceof 
Ground,  the  Weather  being  fo  cold  all  that  Time,  we  were 
almoft  frozen  ere  Morning,  leaving  the  Impreflions  of  our  Bo- 
dies on  the  wet  Ground.  We-  fet  forward  very  early  in  the 
Morning,  to  feck  fome  better  Quarters. 

As  we  row'd  up  the  River,  we  found  the  Land  towards  t he  Saturday. 
Mouth,  and  for  about  ITxteen  Miles  up  it,  fcarce  any  Thing 
but  Swamp  and  Percoarfon,, affording  vaft  Ciprus-Trees    of  rP"eo£ 
which  the  French  make  Canoes,  that  will  carry  fifty  or  iixty  Jof  ^ 
Barrels.     After  the  Tree  is  moulded  and  dug,  they  lav/  them  Land. 
in  two  Pieces,  and  fo  put  a  Plank  between,  and  a  fmall  Keel, 
to  prefervethenxfrom  the  Oyfter-Banks,  which  are  innume-  - 
rable  in  the  Creeks  and  Bays  betwixt  the  French  Settlement 
and  CWfa-Town.     They  carry  two  Malts,  and  Bermudas 

C  Sails, 


•fevree 

Hans, 


C  io  ) 

Sails,  which  makes,  them  very  handy  and  fit  fpr  their  Pur- 
pofe-,  for  although  their  River  fetches  its  fi'rft  Rife  from  the 
Mountains,  and  continues  a  Current  fome  hundreds  of  Mjjes 
ere  it  difgorges  it  felf,  having  no  found  Bay  or  Sand-Banks 
betwixt  the  Mouth  thereof,  and  the  Ocean.  No^withftand- 
.  ing  all  this,  with  the  vaft  Stream  it  affords  at  all  Seafons, 
and  the  repeated  Fremes  it  fo  often  aliarms  the  Inhabitants 
with,  by  laying  under  Water _  great  Part  of  their Country,  yet 
the  Mouth  is  barr'd,  affording  not  above  four  or  five  Foot 
Water  at  the  Entrance.  As  we  went  up  the  River,  we  heard 
a  great  Noife,  as-jf  two  Parties  were  engag'd  againft  each  o- 
ther,  feeming  exacHy  like  final!  Shot,  When  we  approach'd 
/„_  nearer  the  Place,  we  found  it  to  be  fome  Seyee  Indians  firing 
the  Canes  Swamps,  which  drives  out  the  Game/  then  taking 
their  particular  Standstill  great  Quantities  of  both  Bear,Deer, 
Turkies,  and  what  wild  Creatures  the  Parts  afford. 

Thefe  Sewees  have  been  formerly  a  large  Nation,  though 
now  very  much  decreas'd,  iince  tfie  Englifi  hath  feated  their 
Land,  and  all  other  Nations  of  Indians  are  obferv'd  to  par- 
take of  the  fame  Fate,  where  the  Europeans,  come,  the  Indians 
being  a  People  very  apt  to  catch  any  Diftemper  they  are  affli- 
cted withal  \  the  Small-Pox  has  deftroy  5d  many  thousands  of 
thefe  Natives,  who  no  fooner  than  they  are  attacked  with  the 
violent  Fevers,  and  the  Burning  which  attends  that  Diftem- 
per, fling  themfelves  over  Head  in  the  Water,  in  the  very 
Extremity  of  the  Djfeafej  which  (hutting  up  the  Pores,  hin- 
ders a  kindly  Evacuation  of  the peftilential  Matter,  and  drives 
it  back  J  by  which  Means  Death  mod  commonly  enfues  -  not 
but  in  other  Diftemper s,  which  are  epidemical,  you  may  find  a- 
mong  'em  Practitioners  that  have  extraordinary  Skill  and  Suc- 
cefs  in  removing  thofe  morbifick  Qualities  which  afflicl  'em,not 
often  going  above  loo  Yards  from  their  Abode  for  their  Reme- 
dies, fome  of  their  chiefeft  Phyficians  commonly  carrying  their 
Compliment  of  Drugs  continually  about  them,  which  are 
Roots,  Barks,  Berries,  Nuts,  &c.  that  are  ftrung  upon  a 
Thread.  So  like  a  Pomander,  the  Phyfician  wears  them  a- 
bout  his  Neck.  An  Indian  hath  been  often  found  to  heal  an 
Mngli  ffi-man  of  a  Malady,  for  the  Talue  of  a  Match-Coat  -, 
t  Which  the  ableft.  of  our  Erglifi  Pretenders  in  Jmerica,  after 

repeated 


-rf-ri 


fkmm 


1-1-- 


»to. 


C  ii  ) 


repeated  Applications,  have  tleferted  the  Patient  as  incurable'} 
God  having  furnifli'd  every  Country  with  fpecifick  Remedies 
for  their  peculiar  Difeafes: 

Rum,  a  Liquor  nowfo  much  in  Ufe  with  them,  that  they  Rum. 
will  part  with  the  deateft  Thing  they  have,  topurcliafe  it  j 
and  when  they  have  got  a  little  in  their  Heads,  are  the  irh1 
patients  Creatures  living,  'till  they  "have  enough  to  make  'erri 
quite  drunk  ;  and  the  moft  miferable  Spectacles  wheri  they  are 
fb,  fome' falling  into  the  Fires,  burn  their  Legs  or  Arms, 
contracting  the  Sinews- and  become  Cripples  all  ther  Life-time  j 
others  from  Precipices  break  their  Bones  and  joints,  with  a- 
bundanceof  Ihftances,yet  none  are  fogreatto  deter  them  from 
that  accurs?d  Practice  of  Drunkennefs,  though  fennble  how 
many  of  them  (are  by  it)  hurry'd  into  the  other  World  be- 
fore their  Time,  as  themfelves  oftentimes  will  confefs.  The 
Indians,  I  was  now  fpealcing  of,  Were  not  content  with  the  com- 
moii  Enemies  that  leffen  and  dellroy  ttieir  Country-men,  but 
invented  an  infallible  Stratagem  to  purge  their  Tribe,  and~re« 
duee  their  Multitude  into  far  lefs  Numbers.  Their  Contri- 
vance was  thus,  as  a  Trader  amongft  them  inform'd  me. 

They  feeing  fe.veral  Ships  coming  in,  to  bring  the  BvgJiJff 
Supplies  from  Old  England?  one*  chief  Part  of  their  Cargo  be- 
ing for  aTrade  with  the  Indians;  Tome  of  the  craftieft  ofthem 
had  obferv'd,  t|vat  the  Ships  came  always  in  at  one  Place, 
which  made  them  very  confident  that  Way  was  the  exa£fc  Road 
to'  England ;  anil  feeing  fo  many  Ships  come  thence,  they  b*e- 
liev'd  it  could  not  be  far  thither,  elfeemingthe  EngliJI)  that 
were  among  them,  no  better  than  Cheats,  and  thought, 
if- they  could  carry  the  Skins  and  Furs  they  got,  them- 
felves to  Enilatii;  which  were  inhabited  with  a  Better  Sort  of 
People  than  thofe  fenf  amongft  them,  that  then  they  mould 
purchafe  twenty  times  the  Value  for  every  Pelt  they  fold  A- 
broad,  in  Confideration  of  what 'Rates  they  fold  for' at  Home. 
The  intended  Barter  wis  exceeding  well  approved  of,  and  af- 
ter a  general  Confutation  of  the  ablelt  Heads  amongft  them, 
it  was,-  Nemitte  Contradicente,  agreed  upon,  immediately  to  make 
an  Addition  of  their  Fleet,  by  building  more  Canoes,  and 
thofe  to  be  of  the  beft  Soff,  and  biggeft  Size,  as  fit  for  their 
intended  Difcovery.     Some  Indians  were  employ 'd  about  ma- 

C  2  ^  .  king 


■  I  ! 


(12    ) 


They  ne- 
ver hear- 
ing more 
of  their 


king  the  Canoes,  others  to  hunting,  everyone  to  thePoft  he 
was  molt  fit  for,  all  Endeavours  tending  towards  an  able 
Fleet  and  Cargo  for  Europe.  The  Affair  was  carry 'd  on  with 
a  great  deal  of  Secrecy,  and  Expedition,  fo  as  in  a  final! Time 
they  had  gotten  a  Navy,  Loading,  Provifions,  and  Hands  rea- 
dy to.  let  Sail,  leaving  only  the  Old,  Impotent,  and  Minors 
at  Home,  'till  their  fuccefsful  Return.  The  Wind  prefenting 
they  fet  up  their  Mat-Sails,  and  were  fcarce  out  of  Sight' 
when  there  rofe  a  Temperr,  which  it>  fuppos'd  carry'd '  one 
Part  of  thefe  Indian  Merchants,  by  Way  of  the  other  World 
whilfi:  the  others  were  taken  up  at  Sea  by  an  Englijl)  Ship* 
and  fold  for  Slaves  to  the  Tflands.  The  Remainder  are  bet- 
ter fatisfy'd  with  their  Imbecilities  in  fuch  an  Undertaking, 
nothing  affronting  them  more,  than  to  rehearfetheir  Voy-' 
age  to  England. 

There  being  a  ftrong  Current  in  5We^River,  caus'd  us  to 
make  fmall  Way  with  our  Oars.  With  hard  Rowing,  we  got 
that  Night  to  Monf.  Eugee's  Houfe,  which  liands  about  fif- 
teen Miles  up  the  River,  being  the  firft  Chriftia'n  dwelling 
we  met  withal  in  that  Settlement,  ,-and  were  very  courter 
oufly  received  by  him  and  his  Wife. 

Many  of  the  French  follow  a  Trade  with  the  Indians,  living 
very  conveniently  for  that  InrerefL .  There:  is  about  feventy 
Families  feated  on  this.River,  who  live  as  decently  and  hap-i 
pily^  as  any  Planters. in  thefe  Southward,  Parts  of  America.  The ; 
French  being  a  temperate  induftrioUs"  People,  fome  of  them 
bringing  very  little  of  Effects^  yet  by  theirEndeavours  and 
mutual  Affifianceamongit  themfelves,  (which  is  highly  to  be 
commended)  have  out-ftript  our  Englijl^  who  brought  with 'em 
larger  Fortanes,  though  (as  it  Teems)  lefs  endeavour  to  ma- 
nage their  Talent  to  the  beft  Advantage.  Tis  admirable  to 
fee  what  Time  and  Induftry  will  (wkh  God's  Bleffing)  effecl. 
Carolina  affording  many  ftrange  Revolutions  in  the  Age  of  a 
Man,  daily  Inflances  prefenting  themfelves  to  our  View,  of 
fo  many,  from  defpicable  Beginnings,  which  in  amort  Time 
arrive  to  very  iplended  Conditions.  Here  Propriety  hath  a 
large  Scope,  there  being  no  ftri&  Laws  to  bind  our  Privileges* 
AQueft  after  Game,  being  as  freely  and  peremptorily  en* 
joy'd  by  the  meaneft  Planter,  as  he  that  is  the  higheft  in  Dig- 
nity, 


(  13  ) 


nity  or  wealthier!  in  the  Province.  Deer,  and  other  Game  that 
are  naturally  wild,  being  not  immur'd,  or  preferv'd  withm 
Boundaries,  to  fatisfy  the  Apppetite  of  the  Rich  alone,  A 
poor  Labourer,  that  is  Matter  of  his  Gun,  &c.  hath  as  good  a 
Claim  to  have  continu'd  Coarfes  of  Delicacies  crouded  upon 
his  Table,  as  he  that  is  Mailer  of  a  greater  Purfe. 

We  lay  all  that  'Night  at  Monf.  Engee\znc\  the  next  Morn- 
ing fet  out  farther,  to  go  the  Remainder  of  our  Voyage  by 
I  and  •  At  ten  a  Clock  we  pafi'd  over  a  narrow,  deep 
Swamp,  having  left  t&e  three  Indian,  Men  and  one  Woman* 
that'  hadpilotted  the  Canoe  from  ^/Mj-River,  having  hir  d 
a  Sewee-Indlan,  a  tall,  lufty  Fellow,  who  carry'd  a  Pack  of 
our  Cloaths,  of  great  Weight-,  notwithstanding  his  Burden,. 
we  had  much  a-do  to  keep  pace  with  him.  At  Noon  w*  came 
up  with  feveral  French  Plantations,  meeting  with  feveral 
Creeks  by  the  Way,  the  French  were  very  officious  in  ai- 
fiftme  with  their  fmall  Dories  to  pafs  over  thefe  Waters, 
(whom  we  met  coming  from  their  Church)  being  all  of  them 
very  clean  and  decent  in  their  Apparel  h  their  Houfesand 
Plantations  fuitable  in  Neatnefs  and  Contrivance.  They  are 
all  of  the  fame  Opinion  with  the  Church  of  Geneva,  there 
being  no  Difference  amongft  them  concerning  the  PimBthos 
of  their  Chriftian  Faith  j  which  Union  hath  propagated  a 
happy  and  delightful  Concord  in  all  other  Matters  through- 
out the  whole  Neighbourhood  ;  living  amongft  themfelves  as 
one  Trible,  or  Kindred,  every  one  making  it  his  Bufinefs  to 
be  afllftant  to  the  Wants  of  his  Country-man,  prefervmg  his 
Eftate  and  Reputation  with  the  fame  Ex  actnefs  and  Concern 
as  he  does  his  own  ;  all  feeming  to  lhafr'e  in  the  Misfortunes, 
andrejoyceat  the  Advance,  and  Rife,  of  theirBreth'ren. : 

Towards  the  Afternoon,  we  came,  to  Monf.  VJandro,  where 
we  got  our  Dinner  ;-  there  coming  fomeFrewcfc  Ladies  whilft 
we  were  there,  who  were  lately  come  from  England,  andMonl. 
&  Grand,  a  worthy  Korman,  who  hath  been  a  great  Sufferer  in 
his  Eftate,  by  the  Perfecution  m  France,  againft  thofeof  the 
Protectant  Religion :  This  Gentleman  very  kindly  invited  us 
to  make  our  Stay  with  him  all  Night,  but  we  being  intended 
farther  that  Day,  took]  our  Leaves,  returning  Acknowledgr 

ments  of  their  Favours. 

About 


!■ 


(  14  ) 


S- 


About  4  in  the  Afternoon,  wepafs'd  over  a  large  Gpmsmn 
211a  fmal  Canoe  >  the  French  Doctor  fent  his  Nelrotoguide 

MnTf%  ir  'afl  0fu'largtSTaffl^'  f°  ^gotthlt  Night  to 
Moni.  M^-3  theelder,  who  lives- in  a  very  curious  contriv'd 
Houfe,  built  of  Brick  and  Stone,  which  ft  gotten  near  that 
Place  Near  here  comes  in  the  Road  fromCharks-Ton>n,  and 
the  reft  of  the  tnghfi  Settlement,  it  being  a  very  good  Way 
by  Land,  and  riot  above  36  Miles, -althp'  more  than  100  by 
Water,  and  I  thinly :the  moft  difficult  Way  I  ever  faw  ocS- 
iiond  by  ReaTon  of  the  multitude  of  Creeks  lying  along  the 
Main,  keeping  thar  Courfe  tlW  the  Marfhesf  turnmg  and 

7i&r^  a  ^Sf  W^ the  Tide  °f  Eub  and  Flood 
-  twenty  Times  in  lefs  than  three  Leagues  going 

Monday.  The  next  Morning  very  early,  we  ferry  5d  over  a  Creek  that 
runs^near  the  Houfe  ,  and,  after  an  Hour's  Travel  in  the 
Woods,- we  came  to  the  River,fide,where  we  ftay'd  for  the  -I* 
itan  who  was  our  Guide,  and  was  gone  rourM-by  Water  in  a 
fmall  Canoe,  to  meet  us  at  that  Place  wereftedat,  HecameaP 
Mr  a  fmall  Time  and  ferry 'd  us  in  that  little  Veifel  bver  Santec 
River4.Miles  and  84  Miles  in  the  Woods,  which  the  over-W 
ingof  the  Fremes,  which  then  came  down,  had  mad*  a  perfect 
^.°», there  running  an  incredible  Current  in  the  River 
which  had  ca^nr  fmall  Craft,  and  us,  away,  had  we  n* 
Had  this  bewee  Indian  with  us  \  who  are  excellent  Artifts  in 
managing  thefe  fmall  Canoes. 

Santee  River,  atthisTime,  (from  the  ufual  Depth  of  Water} 
was  rifen  perpendicular  36  Foot,  always  making  a  Breach 
from  her  Banks,  about  this  Seafon  of  the  Year  :  The  general 
Opinion  of  the  Caufe  thereof,  is  fuPPos'd  to  proceed  from  the 
•  werfiowing^offrefli  Water-Lakes  that  lie  near  the  Head  of 
this  River,  and  others,  upon  the  Bine  Continent  :  But  my 
Opinion  is,  that  thefe  v~aft  Inundations  proceed  from  the  great 
and  repeated  Quantities  of  Snow  that  falls  upon  the  Moun- 
tains which  lie  at  fo  great  a  Diflance  from  the  Sea  therefore 
they  have  no  Help  of  being  diiibW'd  bf  thofe  faline,  piercins 
Particles  as  other  adjacent  Parts  near  the  Ocean  receive 
and  therefore  lies  and  iiicreafes  to  a  vail  Bulk,  until  fome 
mild  Southerly  Breezes  coming  on  a  fudden,  continue  to  unlock 
thefe  frozen  Bodies,  congeal'd  by  the  North-Weft  Wind,  dilfipa- 
-.  n  ting 


C  *5  ) 

ting  them  in  Liquids  ;  and  coming  down  with  Impetuofity, 
fills  thofe  Branches  that  feed  thefe  Rivers,  and  caufes  tMs 
ftrauge  Deluge,  which  oft-times  lays  under  Water  the  adjacent 
Parts  on.  both  Sides  this  Current,  for  feveral  Miles  diftant  from 
her  Banks  j  tho>the  French  and  Indians  afhYnfdto  me,  they 
never  knew  fuch  an  extraordinary  Flood  there  before. 

We  all,  by  God's  Bltiling,  and  the  Endeavours  of  our  In- 
^aw-Pilot,  pafsYl  fafe  over  the  River,  but  was  loft  in  the 
Woods.,  which  feemfa  like  fome  great  Lake,  except  here  and 
there  a  Knowl  of  .high  Land,  which  appeared  above  Water. 

We  intended  for  Monf.  <jalUar°s^un\  but  was  loft,none  of  us 
knowing  the  Way  at  that  Time,  altho'  the  Indian  wasborfs 
in  that  Country,  jt  having  receive  foltrange  a -/Wtt^wor^qfo. 
We  were  in  feveral  Opinions  concerning  the  right  Way,  the 
Indian  and  my  felf,fuppQs'd  theHoufe  to  bear  one  Way ,the  reft 
thought  to  the  contrary  j  we  differing,  it  was  agreed  on 
amongft  us,that  one  half  mould  go  with  the  Indian  to  find  the 
Houfe,  and  the  other  part'to  ftay  upon  one  of  thefe  dry  Spots, 
until  fome  of  them  return'd  to  us,and  inform'd  us  where  it  lay. 

My  felf  and  two  more  were  left  beliind,by  Reafon  the  Ca- 
noe would  not  carry*  us  all ;  we  had  but  one  Gun  amongftus, 
one  Load  of  Ammunition,  and  no  Provifion.  Had  our  Men 
in  the  Canoe  mifcairy'd,  we  mwft  (in  all  Probability)  there 
have  pejifh'd. 

In  about  fix  Hours  Time,  from  our  Mens  Departure,  the 
Indian  came  back  to  us  in  the  fame  Canoe  he  went  in,  being 
half  drunk,  which  afTur'd  us  they  had  found  fome  Place  of 
Refremment.  He  took  us  three  into  the  Canoe,  telling  us  all 
was  well :  Padling  our  Veflel  feveral  Miles  thrO1  the  Woods, 
being'often  half  full  of  Water  •,  but  at-length  we  got-  fafe  to  the 
Place  we  fought  for,  which  proved  to  lie  the  fame  Way  the 
Indian  and  I  guefs'd  it  did.  .  > 

When  we  got  to  theHoufe,  we  found  our  Comrades  in  the 
fame  Trim  the  Indian  was  in,  and  feveral  of  the  French  Inha- 
bitants with  them,whotfeated  us  very  courteoufly,wondering. 
at  pur  undertaking  fuch  a  Voyage,  thro'  a  Country  inhabi- 
ted by  none  but  Savages,  and  them  of  fo  different  Nations 
and  Tongues.      ^ 

Afaer  we  had  refrefh'd  our  fejvss,  we  parted  from  a  very 

kind,, 


C  t6  ) 


h 


■Tuefday. 


kind,  loving    and  affable  People,  who  wifh'd  us  a  fafeand 
profperous  Voyage.  . '     . 

.3    Hearing  of  a  Camp  of  &wto  /»<&»«  not  far  of,  we  fet  out 
intending  to   take  up  our  Quarters  with  them  that  Nieht. 
-There  being  a  deep  Run  of  Water  in  the  Way,  oaeof our  Com- 
pany being  top-heavy,  and  there  being  nothing  but  a  fmall 
Pole  for  a  Bridge   over  a  Creek,  fell  into  the  Water  up  to  the 
Chin  j  my  felf  laughing  at  the  Accident,   and  not  taking 
good  Heedtomy  Steps,  came  to  the  fame  Misfortune:  All  our 
Beddingwaswet   The  Wind  being  at  N. W.  it  froze very  hard 
which  prepardfuch  a  Night's  Lodging  forme,  that  I  never 
deure  to  have  the  like  again  %  the  wet  Bedding  and  freezing 
Air  had  fo  qualify'd  our.  Bodies,  that  in  the  Morning  when 
we  awak  d   we  were  nigh  frozen  to  Death,  until  we  had  re- 
cruited cur  felves  before  a  large  Fire  of  the  Indians. 
_  Tuefday  Morning  we  fet  towards  the  Congerees,  leaving 
the  Indian :  Guide  Scipia  drunk  amongft  the  Santee-hdians     We 
went  ten  Miles  out  of  our  Way,  to  head  a  great  Swamp,  the 
Freflies  having  fill'd  them  all  with  fuch  great  Quantifies  of 
Water,  that  the  ufual  Paths  were  render'd  unpayable.     We 
met  in  our  Way  with  an  Mian  Hut,where  we  were  enrertain'd 
with  a  fat   boil'dGoofe,  Veriifon,  Racoon,  and  ground  Nats 
We  made  but  little  Stay;  about  Noon,  we  pafs'd  by  feverai 
large  Savannah's,    wherein  is  curious  Ranges  for  Cattel    be- 
ing green  all  the  Year;  they  were  plentifully  ftor'd  with 
H™™;  pem&e-  and  the  adjacent  W6ods  with  great  Flocks 
11  i"rJieS*     Thls  Day  we  traveU'd .'about  30  Miles,  and  lav 

1  »irg«  at  a  Houfe  wrhich  was  built  for  the  &&&  Trade 
the  Matter  thereof  we  had  parted  with  at  the  French  Town 
who  gave  us  Leave  to  make  ufe  of  his  Manfion.  Such  Houfes 
■are  common  m  thefe  Parts,  and  efpecially  where  there  is  In- 
dian 1  owns,  and  Plantations  near  at  hand,  which  this4%ce 
is  well  furnihYd  withal. 

The&Satitee-Indians  are  awell-humour'd  and  affable  Peo- 
ple }  and  living  near  the  Ettglifc  are  become  very  tradable 
iiieymake  themfelves  Cribs  after  a  very  curious  Manner  ' 
wherein  they  fecure  their  Corn  from  Vermin:  which  are 
more  frequent  in  thefe  warm  Climates,  than  Countries  more 
diltant  from  the  Sun.    Thefe  pretty  Fabricks  are  commonly 

fup- 


(  17  ) 


T 


fupported  with  eight  Feet  or  Polls,  about  feven  Foot  high 
from  the  Ground,  well  daub'd  within  and  without  upon  Laths, 
with  Loom  or  Clay,  which  makes  them  tight,  and  fit  to 
keep  out  the  fmalleft  Infeft,  there  being  a  fmall  Door  at  the 
gable  End,  which  is  made  of  the  fame  Compofition,  and  to 
be  remov'd  at  Pleafure,  being  no  bigger,  than  that  a  (len- 
der Man  may  creep  in  at,  cementing  the  Door  up  with  the 
fame  Earth,  when  they  take  Com  out  of  the  Crib,  and  are 
going  from  Home,  always  finding  their  Granaries  in  the  fame 
Pofture  they  left  them  h  Theft  to  each  other  being  altogether 
tmpradtis'd,  never  receiving  Spoils  but  from  Foreigners.  _■ 

Hereabouts  the  Ground  is  fomething  higher  than  about 
■Owrfei-Town,  there  being  found  fome  Quarries  of  brown  free 
Stone,  which  I  have  feen  made  Ufe  of  ior  Building,  and  hath 
prov'd  very  durable  and  gpod.  The  Earth  here  is  mix  d  with 
white  Gravel,  which  is  rare,  there  being  nothing  like  a  Stone 
to  be  found,  of  the  natural  Produce,  near  to  ^f^River. 

The  next  Day  about  Noon  we  came  to  the  Side  of  a  great  #rejnefdQ 
Swamp,  where  we  were  forc'd  to  ftrip  our  felves  to  get  over  it,  sqtem.  5. 
which,  with  much  Difficulty,  we  effected.    Hereabouts  the  1700. 
late  Guft  of  Wind,  which  happen'd  in  Smtmbtr  hit,  had  torn 
the  large  Ciprus-Trees  and  Timbers  urF6y  the  Roots,  they 
lying  confufedly  in  their  Branches,  did  block  up  the  Way, 
making  the  PafTage  very  difficult.  _ 

This  Night  we  got  to  one  Sc'tpio's  Hutt,  a  famous  Hunter : 
There  was  no  Body  at  Home-,  but  we  having  (in  our  Company) 
one  that  had  us'd  to  trade  amongft  them,  we  made  our  lelves 
welcome  to  what  his  Cabin  afforded,  (which  is  a  Thing  com- 
mon) the  Indians  allowing  it  prafticable  to  the  Enghfi  Tra- 
ders, to  takeout  of  their  Houfes  what  they  peed  in  their  Ab- 
feiace  in  Lieu  whereof  they  moft  commonly  leave  fome  lmall 
Gratuity  of  Tobacco,  Paint,  Beads,  Vc.  We  found  great 
Store  of  Indian  Peas,  (a  very  good  Pulfe)  Beans,  Oyl,  Think- 
apin  Nuts,  Com.  barbacu'd  Peaches,  and  Peach-Bread  j  which 
Peaches  being  made  into  a  Quiddony,  and  fo  made  up  into 
Loves  like  Barley-Cakes,  thefe  cut  into  thin  Slices,  and  dit- 
folv'd  in  Water,  makes  a  very  grateful  Acid,  and  extraordi- 
nary beneficial  in  Fevers,  as  hath  often  been  try'd,  and  ap- 
prov'd  on  by  our  pvglijb  Praditioners.    The  Wind,  being  at 


(  18  ) 


N.  W.  with  cold  Weather,  made  us  make  a  large  Fire  in  the 
Indian's  Cabin ;  being  very  intent  upon  our  Cookery,  we  fet 
the  Dwelling  on  Fire,  and  with  mueh  ado,  put  it  out,  tho' 
with  the  Lofs  of  Part  of  the  Roof. 
Thurfday.  The  next  Day  we  travelFd  on  our  Way,  and  about  Noon 
came  up  with  a  Settlement  of  Satttee  Indians,  there  being  Plan- 
tations lying  (battering  here  and  there,  for  a  great  many  Miles. 
They  came  out  to  meet  us,  being  acquainted  with  one  of  our 
Company,  and  made  us  very  welcome  with  fat  barbacu'd 
Venifon,  which  the  Woman  of  the  Cabin  took  and  tore  in 
Pieces  with  her  Teeth,  fo  put  it  into  a  Mortar,  beating  it  to 
Rags,  afterwards  ftews  it  with  Water,  and  other  Ingredients, 
which  makes  a  very  favoury  Dilh. 

At  thefe  Cabins  came  to  vifit  us  the  King  of  the  Santee ^  Na- 
tion. He  brought  with  him  their  chief  Doctor  or  Phyfician 
wh°  was  warmly  and  neatly  clad  with  a  Match-Coat,  made 
of  Turkies  Feathers,  which  makes  a  pretty  Shew,  feemins  as 
if  it  was  a ;  Garment  of  the.deepeft  fflk  Shag.  This  Doctor 
had  the  Misfortune  to  lofe  his  Nofe  by  the  Pox,  which  Di- 
feafe  the  Indians  often  get  by  the  Englijh  Traders  that  ufe  a- 
uiongft  them;  not  but  the  Natives  of" America  have  for  many 
Ages  (by  their  own  Confeffion)  been  afflicled  with  a  Di« 
Kemper  much  like  the  Lues.  Venerea ,  which  hath  all  the 
Symptoms  of  the  Pox,  being  different  in  this  only-  for 
I  never  could  learn,  that  this  Country-Diftemper,  or  Yawes 
is  begun  or  continu'd  with  a  Gonorrhoea;  yet  is  attendee! 
with  noaurnal  Pains  in  the  Limbs,  and  commonly  makes 
iuclra  Progrefs,  as to  vent  Part  of  the  Matter  by  Botches 
and  feveral  Ulcers  in  the  Body,  and  other  Parts ;  oftentimes 
Death  enfuing.  I  have  known  mercurial  Ungiients  and  Re- 
medies work  a  Cure,  following  the  fame  Methods  as  in  the 
Toxh  feveral  white  People,  but  chiefly  the  Criolo\  lofmg  their 
Palates  and  Nofes-  by  this  devouring  Vulture. 

It  is  epidemical,  vifiting  thefe  Parts  of  America,  which  is 
often  occaiion'd  thro'  the  immoderate  drinking  of  Rum  by 
thofe  that  commonly  drink  Water  at  other  Times,  cold  Nights 
Lodging,  and  bad  open  Houfes,  and  more  chiefly  by  often  wet- 
ting the  Feet,  and  eating  fuch  Quantities  of  Pork  as  they 
do,  which  is  agrofsFood,  and  a  great  Propagator  of  fuch 

Juices 


- 


( I ) 

Juices  as  it  often  meets  withal  in  human  Bodies,  once  tainted 
with  this  Malady;  which  may  differently  (in  forne  Refpecls) 
act  its  Tragedy  •,  the  Change  being  occaflonM  by  the  Diffe- 
rence of  Climates  and  Bodies,  as  in  Europe.     We  being  well, 
enough  afford  that  the  Pox  had  its  flrft  Rife  (known  to  us) 
in  this  new  World,   it  being  caught  of  the  Indian  Women, 
by  the  Spam/}  Soldiers  that/ollow'd  Columbus  in  one  of  his 
Expeditions  to  -America^  who  after  t^heir  Arrival  in  Old  Spain, 
werehslWd  to  the  Relief  of  Naples,  at  that  Time  befieg'd 
by  the  French.     Provifions  growing  fcarce,  the  ufelefs  Peo«. 
pie  were  turn'd  out  of  the  City,  to  lefTen  the  Mouths -,  a- 
mongftthefe,  the  Curtefans'wefe  bne;Part,  who  had  frequent- 
ly embraced  the  Spaniards,  being  well  fraught  with  Riches  b}r 
their  new  Difcovery.     The  Leager  Ladies  had  no  fooher  loft 
their  Spanijl)  Dons,  but  found  themfelves  as  well  entertain'd 
by  the  French,  whofe  Camp,  they  traded  in,  giving  the Moun- 
fieurs  as  large  a  Share  of  the  pocky  Spoils  within  their  own 
Lines,  as  the  Spaniards  had,  who  took  the  Pains  to  bring  it  in 
their  Breeches  as  far  as  from  America  •,  the  large  Supplies  of 
Swmes  Flefh,  which  that  Army  was  chiefly  victuall'd  withal," 
made  it  rage.     The  Siege  was  rais'd  ;  the  French  and  Spani- 
ards retreating  to  Flanders, which  was  s  Parrade  of  all  Nations^ 
by  which  Means ,  tfois  filthy  Diftemper  crowded  it  felf  into 
moftNatious  of  the  known  World.^ 

Notv  to  return  to  our  Doctor, who  in  the  Time  of  his  Afflicti- 
on withdrew  himfelf  (with  one  that  labourd  under  the  fame 
Diftemper)  into  the  Woods.  Thefe  two  perfected  their  Cures 
by  proper  Vegitables;  &c.  of  which  they  have  Plenty,  and 
are  well  acquainted  with  their  fpecifick  Virtue. 

I  have  feen  inch  admirable  Cures  perform'd  by  thefe  Sava- 
ges, which  would  puzzle  a  great  many  graduate  Practitioners 
to  trace  their  Steps  in  Healing,  with  the  fame  Expedition, 
Eafe,  and  Succefs $  ufing  no  racking  Inftruments  in  their  Chi- 
rargery,  nor  nice  Rules  of  Diet  and  Phyfick,  to  verify  the 
Saying,  qui  Medice  vivit,  mifere  vivit.  In  Wounds  which  pe- 
netrate deep,  and  feem  mortal,  they  order  afpare  Diet,  with 
drinking  Fountain-water ;  if  they  perceive  a  white  Matter,or 
Pus  to  arife,  they  let  the  Patient  more  at  large,  and  prefently 
cur«him. 

D  i  After 


(  3ol 


After  thefe  two  bad  perform'd  their  Cures  at  no  eafier  Rate 
than  the-Expence  of  both  their  Nofes,  coming  again  amongft 
their  old  Acquaintance  fodisfigur'd,  the  Indians  zdmir'd  to  fee 
them  metamorphosd  after  that  manner :  enquir'd  of  them, 
where  they  had  been  all  that  Time,    and  what  were  become 
of  their  Nofes?     They  made.  Anfwer,  That  they  had  been 
converting  with  the  white  Man  above,  (meaning  God  Al- 
mighty;  how  they  were  very  kindly  entertain'd  by  that  Great 
15eing  5  he  being  much  plea&'d  with  their  Ways,  and  had 
Promis  d  to  make  their  Capacities  equal  with  the  white  People 
in  niakingGuns  Ammunition,^,  in  Retaliation  of  which 
they  had  given  him  their  Nofes,     The  Verity  of  which,  they 
yet  hold,  the  Mutts  being  an  eafy,  credulous  People,  and 
moft  notonoufly  cheated  by  their  Priefts  and  Conjurers/both 
fradesmeeting  ever  in  onePerfon,  and  moft  commonly  a 
Spice  of  Quackfliip  added  to  the  other  two  Ingredients  which 
renders  that  cunning  Knave  the  Impoftor  to  be  more  rely'd 
upon  ^  thence  a  fitter  Inftrument  to  cheat  thefe  ignorant  12 
ple^thePneft  and  Conjurers  being  never  admitted  to  their 
Practice,   till  Years  and  the  Experience  of  repeated  Services- 
h*|  wrought  then  Efteem  amongft :the  Nations  they  belong 

^  favtee  King    who  was  in  Company. with  thisNqr- 
nosd  Dote  ,  is  the  moft  abfblute  Man  Ruler    in  thefe 
Parts,   although  he  is  Head  but  of  a  fmall  People    in  Re- 
lpecl:  tofome   other  Nations  of  Indians,  that'  I  have  feen  • 
Hecanput  any  of  his  People  to  Death  that  fflh  committed 
any  Fault  which  he  judges  worthy  of  fo  great  a  Punimment 
This  Authority  &  rarely  found  amongl  thefe  Savages    for' 
they  adt  not  (commonly)  by  a  determinative  Voice  BSS 
Laws,  towardsany  one  that  hath  committed  Murder,  or  fuch 
other  great  Crime,  but  take  thisMethodj  him  to  whom  the 
Injury  was  done,  or  if  dead,    the  neareft  of  nis  Kindred 
profecutes  by  Way  ofanadtual  Revenge,  being  himfflftf 
Opportunity  ferves  his  Intent,  both  Judge  andlrecSer 
performing  fo  much  Mifchief  on  the  Cinder,  or  his  neareft 
Relation,  until  fuch  Time  that  he  is  fully  fa tisfy'd     Ye* 
Shis  Revenge  is  not  fo  infallible/but  it  may  be  bought  'off- 
with  Beads,  Tobacco,  and  ftich  like  Commodities  that  are 

ufefui 


(21    ) 


ufeful  amongft  them,  though  it  were  the  moft  fable  Villany 
that  could  be  acted  by  Mankind. 

Some  that  attended  the  King,  prefented  me  with  an  odorife- 
jous,balfamiekRoot,  of  afragrant  Smell  and  Tafte,the  Name 
I  know  not  j  they  chew  it  in  the  Mouth,  and  by  that  fimple 
Application,  heal'  defperate  Wounds,  both  green  and  oldv 
that  fmall  Quantity  I  had,  was,  given  inwardly  to  thofe 
troubl'd  with  the  Belly-ach,  which  Remedy  foil'd  not  to  give 
prefent  Help,  the  Pain  leaving  the  Patient  foon  after  they 
had  taken  the  Root. 

Near  to  thefe  Cabins  are  feveral  Tombs  made  after  the 
manner  of  thefe  Indians  h  the  largeft  and  the  chiefeft  of 
them  was  the  Sepulchre  oi  the  late  Indian  King  of  the  Santeesv 
a  Man  of  great  Power,  not  only  amongft  his  own  Subjects,  but 
dreaded  by  the  neighbouring  Nations  for  his  great  Valour  and 
Conduct,  having  aslarge  a  Prerogative  in  his  Way  of  Ruling,, 
as  the  prefent  King  I  now  fpoke  of 

The  manner  of  their  Interment,  is  thus:  A  Mole  or  Pyramid 
of  Earth  is  rais'd,the  Mould  thereof  being  work'd  very  fmooth 
and  even,  fometimes  higher  or  lower,  according  to  the  Digni- 
ty of  the  Perfon  whofe  Monument  it  is.  On  the  Top  there- 
of is  an  Umbrella,  made  Ridge-ways,  like  the  Roof  of  an 
Houfe  -,  this  is  fupported  by  nine  Stakes,  or  fmall  Pofts,.  the 
Qrave  being  about  fix  or  eight  Foot  in  Length,  and  four  Foot 
in  Breadth  j  about  it  is  hung  Gourds  Feathers,  and  other  fuch 
like  Trophies,  plac'd  there  by  the  dead  Man's  Relations,  in 
Refpect  to  him  in  the  Grave.  The  other  Part  of  the  Funeral- 
Rites  are  thus,  As  Toon  as  the  Party  is  dead,  they  lay  the 
Corpsiupon  a  Piece  of  Bark  in  the  Sun,  feafoningor  embalm- 
ing it  with  a  fmall  Root  beaten  to  Powder,which  looks  as  red  as 
Vermilion  j  the  fame  is  mix'd  with  Bear's  Oil,  to  beautify  the 
Hair,  and  preferve  their  Heads  from  being  loufy,  it  growing: 
plentifully  in  thefe  Parts  of  America.  After  the  Carcafs-hafi 
laid  a  Day  or  two  in  the  Sun,  they  remove  and  lay  it  upon 
Crotches  cut  on  purpofefor  the  Support  thereof  from  the  Earthy 
then  they  anoint  it  all  over  with  the  fore-mention'd  Ingredi- 
ents of  the  Powder  of  this  Root,  and  Bear's  Oil.  When  it  is 
fo  done,  they  cover  it  very  exactly  over  with  Bark,  of  the 
Pine  or  Cyprus  Tree,  to  prevent  any  Rain  to,  fall  upon  it, 

fweeping. 


(   22    ) 


fweeping  the  Ground  very  clean  all  about  it.  Some  of  his 
neareft  of  Kin  brings  all  the  temporal  Eftate  he  was  pof* 
fefsd  of  at  his  Death,  as  Guns,  Bows,  and  Arrows,  Beads, 
Feathers,  Match-coat,  Mm  This  Relationis  the  chief  JVfourn-- 
er,  being  clad  in  Mofs,  and  a  Stick. in  his  Hand,  keeping  a 
mournful  Ditty  for  three  or  four  Days,  his  Face  being  black 
with  the  Smoak  of  Pitch,  Pine,  mingl'd  with  Bear's  Oil.  All 
the  whilehe  tells  the  dead  Mans  Relations,  and  the  reft  of  the 
Spectators,  who  that  dead  Perfon  was,  and  of  the  great  Feats 
perform'd  in  his  Life-time  h  all  what  he  fpeaks,  tending  to  the 
Praifeof  the  Defunfi:.  As  foon  as  the  Flefh  grows  mellow, 
and  will  cleave  from ^the  Bone,  they  get  it  off,  and  burn  its 
making  all  the  Bones  veryxlean,  then  anoint  them  with  the 
Ingredients  aforefaid,  wrapping  up  the  Skull  (very  carefully) 
in  a  Cloath  artificially  woven  of  Poffums  Hair.  (Thefe  Mi- 
am  make  Girdles,  Sallies,  Garters,  &c.  after  the  fame  Manner.) 
The  Bones  they  carefully  preferve  in  a  wooden  Box,  every 
Year  oiling  and  cleaning  them  *.  By  thefe  Means  preferve 
them  for  many  Ages,  that  you  may  fee  an  Indian  in  Poffeffion 
of  the  Bones  of  his  Grand-father,  or  fome  of  his  Relations  of  a 
larger  Antiquity.  They  have  other  Sorts  of  Tombs-,  as  where 
an  Indian  is  flain,  in  that  very  Place  they  make  a  Heap  of 
Stones,  (or  Sticks,  where  Stones  are  not  to  be  found  h)  to  this 
Memorial,  every  Indian  that  paffes  by,  adds  a  Stone,  to  aug- 
ment the  Heap,  in  Refpe&  to  the  decease  Hero. 

We  had  a  very  large  Swamp  to  pafs  over  near  the  Houfe 
and  would  have  hir'd  our  Landlord  to  have  been  our  Guide' 
but  he  feem'd  unwilling;  fo  we  prefs'd  him  no  farther  about 
it.  He  was  the  talleft  Indian  I  ever  faw,  being  feven  Foot  high 
and  a  very  ftrait  compleat  Perfon,  efteem'd  on  by  the  King 
for  his  great  Art  in  Hunting,  always  carrying  with  him  an 
artificial  Head  to  hunt  withal :  They  are  made  of  the  Head 
of  a  Buck,  the  back  Part  of  the  Horns  being  fcraptand  hol- 
low, for  Lightnefs  of  Carriage.  The  Skin  is  left  to  the  fet- 
ting  on  of  the  Shoulders,  which  islin'dall  round  with  fmall 
Hoops,  and  flat  Sort  of  Laths,  to  hold  it  open  for  the  Arm  to 
go  in.  They  have  a  Way  to  preferve  the  Eyes,  as  if  living. 
The  Hunter  puts  on  a  Match-coat  made  of  Deer's  Skin,  with 
the  Hair  on,  and  a  Piece  of  ^he  white  Part  of  a  Deer's  Skin, 

that 


03) 

that  grows  on  theBreaft,  which  is  faften'd  to  the  Neck-End 
of  this  (talking.  Head,  fo  hangs  down.  In  thefe  Habiliments- 
an  Indian  will  go  as  near  a  Deer- as  he  pleafes,  the  exadr  Mo- 
tions and  Behaviour  of  a  Deer  being  fo  well  counterfeited  by 
'em,that  feveral  Times  it  hath  been  known  for  two  Hunters  to 
come  up  with  a  (talking  Head  together,  and  unknown  to  each 
other,  fo  that  they  have  kill'd  an  Indian  inftead  of  a  Deer, 
which  hath  happen'd  fometimes  to  be  a  Brother,  or  fome 
dear  Friend  ;  for  which  Reafon  they  allow  not  of  that  Sort 
of  Practice,  where  the  Nation  is  populous. 

Within  half  a  Mile  of  the  Houfe,  we  pafs'd  over  a  prodi- 
gious wide  and  deep  Swamp,  being  forc'd  to  ftrip  ftark-naked , 
and  much  a-do  to  fave  our  felves  from  drowning  in  this  Fa- 
tiegue.  We,  with  much  a-do,  got  thro',  going  that  Day  about 
five  Miles  farther,  and  came  to  three  more  Indian  Cabins,, 
call'd  in  the  Indian  Tongue,  Hickerau,  by  the  EngliJI)  Traders, 
the  Hack  Houfe,  being  pleafantly  feated  on  a  high  Bank,  by  a .. 
Branch  of  Santee-River.  One  of  our  Company1,  that  had 
traded  a mongft  thefe  Indian j,  told  us,  That  one  of  the  Cabins 
was  his  FatherVin-Law  •,  he  call'd  him  fo,  by  Reafon  the  old 
Man  had  given  him  a  young  IndianGivl,  that  was  his  Daugh- 
ter, to  lie  with  him,  make  Bread,  and  to  be  necefTary  in  what 
fhe  was  capable  to  afTift  him  in,  during  his  Abode  amongft 
them. 

When  we  came  thither  firft,  there  was  no  Body  at  Homev 
fo  the  Son  made  bold  to  fearch  his  Father's  Granary  for  Corn, 
and  other  Provifions.  He  brought  us  fome  Indian  Maiz  and 
Peas,  which  are  of  a  reddifh  Colour,  and  eat  well,  yet  colour 
the  Liquor  they  are  boil'd  in,  as  if  it  were  a  Lixivium  of  red 
Tartar.  After  we  had  been  about  an  Hour  in  the  Houfe, 
where  was  Millions  of  Fleas,  the  Indian  Cabins  being  often 
fuller  of  fuch  Vermin,  than  any  Dog-Kennel,  the  old  Man 
came  in  to  us,  and  feem-'d  very  glad  to  fee  his  Son-in-Law. 

This  Indian  is  a  great  Conjurer  j  as  appears  by  the  Sequel. 
The  Seretee  or  Santse  Indians  were  gone  to  War  againft  the 
Hooks  and  Backhooh  Nations,  living  near  the  Mouth  o£Winy- 
tfM*Rnrer.  Thofe  that  were  left  at  Home,  (which  are  com- 
monly old  People  and  Children)  had  heard  no  News  a  long 
Time  of  their  Men  at  Arms.    This  Man,  at  the  Entreaty  of 

t  hef® 


C  24  ) 


Friday. 


thefe -People,  (being  held  to  be  a  great  Sorcerer  amongft'ern) 
went  to  know  what  Pollute  their  fighting  Men  were  in.  His 
Exorcifm  was  carry 'd  on  thus :  He  drefs'd  himfelf  in  a  clean 
white  drefs'd  Deer- Skin  ;  a  great  Fire  being  made  in  the  Mid- 
dle of  the  Plantation,  the  Indians  fitting  all  round  it,  the 
Conjurer  was  blind-folded,  then  he  furrounded  the  Fire  feve- 
ral  Times,  I  think  thrice  h  leaving  the  Company,  he  went  into 
the  Woods,  where  he  ftay'd  about  half  an  Hour,  returning  to 
them,  furrounded  the  Fire  as  before  j  leaving  them,  went  the 
fecond  Time  into  the  Woods  s  at  which  Time  there  came  a 
huge  Swarm  of  Flies,  very  large,  they  flying  about  the  Fire 
feveral  Times,  at  laft  fell  all  into  it,  and  were  vifibly  confum'd. 
Immediately  after  the  IWwH-Conjurer  made  a  huge  Lilleloo, 
and  howling  very  frightfully,  prefently  an  Indian  went  and 
taught  hold  of  him,  leading  him  to  the  Fire.  The  old  Wizard 
was  fo  feeble  and  weak,  being  not  able  to  Hand  alone,  and  all 
over  in  a  Sweat,  and  as  wet  as  if  he  had  fallen  into  the  River. 
After  fome  Time  he  recover'd  his  Strength,  aiTuring  them, 
that  their  Men  were  near  a  River,  and  could  not  pafs  over  it 
'till  fo  many  Days,  but  would,  in  fuch  a  Time,  return  all  in 
Safety,  to  their  Nation.  All  which  prov'd  true  at  the  Indians 
Return,  which  was  not  long  after.  This  Story  the  Mnglijb- 
man,  his  Son-in-Law,  affirmed  to  me. 

The  old  Man  flay  d  with  us  about  two  Hours,  and  told  us 
we  were  welcome  to  flay  there  all  Night,  and  take  what  his 
Cabin  afforded ;  then  leaving  us,  went  into  the  Woods,  to 
fome  Hunting-Quarter  not  far  off. 

The  next  Morning  early  we  purfu'd  our  Voyage,  finding 
the  Land  to  improve  it  felf  in  Pleafantnefs  and  Richnefs  of 
Soih1  When  we  had  gone  about  ten  Miles;  one  of  our  Compa- 
ny tir'd,  being  not  able  to  travel  any  farther ;  fo  we  went  for- 
ward, leaving  the  poor  dejecled  Traveller  with  Tears  in  his 
Eyes,  taretum  to  Charles-Town,  and  travel  back  again  over 
fo  much  bad  Way,  we  having  pafsYl  thro'  the  worft  of  our  Jour- 
ney, the  Land  here  being  high  and  dry,  very  few  Swamps 
and  thofe  dry,  and  a  little  Wray  through.  Wre  travell'd  about 
twenty  Mile6,  lying  near  a  Savanna  that  was  over-flown  with 
Water ;  where  we  were  very  fhort  ofVicluals,but  finding  the 
Woods  newly  burnt,  andonfirein  many  Places,  which  gave 
us  great  Hopes  that  Indians  were  not  far  of.  Next 


(  fjj ) 

Next  Morning  very  early,  we  waded  thro'  the  Savanna,  ($»»> ■<% 
"the  Path  lying-there  •,  and  about  ten  a  Clock  came  to  a  hunt-  *°  mics- 
ing  Quarter,  of  a  great  many  Salens  -,  they  made  us  all  Wel- 
come 5  ihewing  a  great  deal  of  Joy  at  our  coming,  giving  us 
barbacu'd  Turkeys,  Kear's  Oil,  and  Vemfon. 

Here  we  hir'd  Santeejack  (a  good  Hunter,  and  a  well-hu- 
-mour'd  Fellow)  to  be  our  Pilot  to  the  Conger et  Indians ;  we 
gave  him  a  Stroud-water-Blew,  to  make  his  Wife  an  Indian 
Petticoat,  who  went  with  her  Hufband.  After  two  Hours  Re- 
frefhment,  we  went  on,  and  got  that  Day  about  twenty  Miles  ; 
we  lay  by  a  finall  fwift  Run  of  Water,  which  was  pav'dat 
the  Bottom  with  a  Sort  of  Stone  much  like  to  Tripoli,  and 
fo  light,  that  I  fancy'd  it  would  precipitate  in  no  Stream, 
but  where  it  naturally  grew.  The  Weather  was  very  cold, 
the  Winds  holding  Northerly.  We  made  our  Selves  as  merry  as 
we  could,  having  a  good  Supper  with  the  Scraps  of  the  Veni- 
fonwehad  gj.ven  us  by  the  Indians,  havingkilFd  3  Teal  and  a 
Pofliim-,  which  Medly  ail  together  made  a  curious  Ragoo._ 

This  Day  all  of  us  had  a  Mind  to  have  refted,  but  the  Indian  Sunday  15 
was  much  againtt  it,  alledging,  That  the  Place  we  lay  at,  was  &>!'*• 
not  good  to  hunt  in  %  telling  us,  if  we  would  goon,  by  Noon, 
he  would  bring  us  to  a  more  convenient  Place  ;  fo  we  mov'cl 
forwards-,  ancl&bout  twelve  a  Clock  came  to  the  moft  amazing 
Profpeft  I  had  feen  iince  I  had  been  in  Carolina  •,  we  travelled 
by  a  Swamp'fide,  which  Swamp  I  believe  to  be  no  lefs  than 
twenty  Miles  over,  the  other  Side  being  as  far  as  I  could  well 
difcern.  there  appearing  great  Ridges  of  Mountains,  bearing 
from  us  W.  N.  V/.  One  Alp  with  a  Top  like  a  Sugar-loaf,  ad- 
vanc'd  its  Head  above  all  the  reft  very  considerably  5  the  Day 
was  very  ferene,  which  gave  us  the  Advantage  of  feeing  along 
Way  jthefe  Mountains  werecloth'd  all  over  with  Trees,which 
feem'd  tq  us  to  be  very  large  Timbers. 

At  the  Sight  of  this  fair  Profpect,  we  ftay'd  all  Night  ^  our 
Indian  going  about  half  an  Hour  before  us,had  provided  three 
fat  Turkeys  e:er  we  got  up  to  him. 

The  Swamp  I  now  fpoke  of,  is  not  a  miry  Bog,  as  others 
generally  are,  but  you  go  down  to  it  thro'  a  fteep  Bank,  at  the 
Foot  of  which,  begins  this  Valley,  where  you  may  go  dry  . 
for  perhaps  200  Yards,  then  you  meet  with  a  fmall  Broob 

E  or. 


Monday. 


(  g   ) 

or  Run  of  Water,  about  i  or  3  Foot  deep,  then-dry  Land  for 
fuch  another  Space,  fo  another  Brook,  thus  continuing.  The 
Land  in  this  Percoaribn,  or  Valley,  being  extraordinary  rich^ 
and  the  Runs  of  Water  well  ftor'd  withTowl.  It  is  the  Head 
of  one  of  the  Branches  of  Santee-Kiver  -r  but  a  farther  Difcovery 
Time  Would  not  permit  ;  only  one  Thing  is  very  remarka- 
ble, there  growing  all  over  this  Swamp,  a  tall,  lofty  Bay- 
tree,  :but  is  not  the  fame  as  in  England,  thefe  being  in  their 
Verdure  all  the  Winter  long ;  which  appears  here,  when 
you Hand  on  the  Ridge,  (where  our  Path  lay )  as  if  it  were  one 
pleafant,  green  Field,  and  as  even  as  a  Bowling-green  to  the 
Eye  of  the  Beholder  -,  being  heinm'd  in  on  one  Side  with  thefe 
Ledges  of  vaft  high  Mountains. 

Viewing  the  Land  here,  we  found  an  extraordinary  richy 
black  Mould,  and  Tome  of  a  Copper-colour,  both  Sorts  very 
good  ;  the  Land  in  fome  Places is  much  burthen'dwith  Iron, 
Stone,  here  being  great  Store  of  it,  feemingly  very  good :  The. 
©viling  Springs,  which  are  many  in  thefe  Parts,  ifTuing  out 
■of  the  Rocks,  which  Water  we  drank  of,  it  colouring  therEx- 
crements  of  Travellers  (by  its  chalybid  Quality)  as  black 
as  a  Coal.  When  ive  were  all  afleep,  in  the  Beginningof  the 
Night,  we  were  awaken '4  with  the  difmall  ft  and  moft  hideous 
Noife  that  ever  pierc'd  my  Earsc  This  fudden  Surprizal  inca- 
pacitated us  of  gueffing  what  this  threatning  Noife  might  pro- 
ceed from  ^  but  our  Indian  Pilot  (who  knew  thefe  Parts  very 
iwell)  acquainted  us,  that  it  was  euftomary  to  hear  fuch  Mu- 
4*ck  along  that  Swamp-fide,  there  being  endlefs  Numbers  of 
Panthers,  Tigers,  Wolves,  and  other  Beafts  of  Prey,  which 
take  this  Swarrip  for  their  Abode  in  the  Day, coming  in  whole 
Droves  to  hunt  the  Deer  in  the  Night,  making  this  frightful 
Ditty  'till  Day  appears,  the!n  all  is  ftill  as  in  other  Places. 

The  next  Day  it  proy'd  a  fmall  drifly  Rain,  which  is  rare, 
there  happening  not  the  tenth  Part  of  Foggy -falling  Weather 
towards  thefe  Mountains,  as  vifits  thofe  Parts.  Near  the 
Sea-board,the  IndianYiU'd  15  Turkeys  this  Day  5  there  com- 
ing-out of  the  Swamp,,  (about  Sun-riiing)  Flocks  of  thefe 
Fowl,  containing  feveral  hundreds  in  a  Gang,  who  feed  up- 
■^nthe  Acrons,  it  being  mofl:  Oak  that  grow  in  thefe  Woods,. 
-"If here  are  but  veryfewPinesin  thofe  Quarters. 

Early 


,,   j ...  ...    ."._,__.      -'.!  " 


(     g      ) 

< in  ...  ■  ■'!         -  -  '      "  '":  '  ' 

Larly  the  nest  Morning,  wefet  forward  for  the  Congeree-In- 
diam,  parting  with  that  delicious  Profpeft.  By  the  Way, our 
Guide  kill'd  more  Turkeys,  and  two  Polcats,  which  he  ear, 
efteeming  them  before  fat  Turkeys  Some  .of  the  Turkeys 
which  we  eat,  whillt  we  ftay'd  there,  I  believe,  weighed  no 
lefs  than  40  Pounds.  #      ' 

The  Land  we  pafs'dover  this  Day,  was  moft  of  it  good, 
and  the  worft  paflable.  At  Night  we  kill'd  a  Poflum,  being 
cloyd  with  Turkey  s,madie  arDilh  ol  that,  which  t  aft  ed  much 
between  young  Pork  and  Veal*  their  Fat  being  as  white  as 
any  I  ever  law. 

Our  Indian  having  this  Day  kill'd  good  Store  of  Proviittm 
with  his  Gun,  he  always  {hot  with  a  fingle.Ball  ,,  miffing 
but  two  Shoot's  in  above  forty-,  they  being  curious  Artifts  in 
mai^afirfgijarGun,  to  make  it  carry  either  Ball,  or  Shot,  true. 
Whe^they  have  bought  a  Piece,and  find  it  to  fhoot  any  Ways 
erooked,the}r  take,  the  Barrel  out  of  the  Stock,  cutting  a  Notch 
in  a  Tree,  wherein  they  fet  it  ftreight,  fometimes  mooting  a- 
way  above  loo  Loads  of  Ammunition,  before  they  ;bring  the 
Gun  to  fhoot  according  to  their  Mind.     Wetook  up  our  Quar-  , 

tersby  aFifh-pond-iide,i  the  Pits  in  the  Woods  that  Hand  full 
of  Water,  naturally  breed  Fifh  in  them,  in  great  Quantities. 
We.cook'd  our  Supper  ,but  havingneither  Bread,or  Salt,our  fat 
Turkeys  began  to  be  loathfome  to  us,  altho^  we  were  never 
wanting  of  a  good  Appetite,  yet  a  Continuance  of  one  Diet, 
made  us  weary. 

The  next  Morning,  Smitee  Jack  told  us,  we  fhould  reach  the  &ej*$&& 
Ivdi an  Settlement  betimes  that  Day  *  about  Noon,  we  pafs'd 
by  -feveral  fair  Savanna's,  very  rich  and  dry  -,  feeing  great 
Copfes  of  many  Acres  that  bore  nothing  but  Bufiies,  about 
the  Bignefs  of  Box-trees  ^  which  (in  theSeafon)  afford  great 
Quantifies.of  fmall  Black-berries,  very  pleafant  Fruit,  and 
much  like  to  our  Blues,  or  Huckle- berries,  that  -grow  on 
Heaths  in  England.  Hard  by  the  Savanna  s  we  found  the 
Town,  where  we  halted  •,  there  was  not  above  one  Man  left 
with  the  Women,  the  reft  being  gone  a  Hunting  for  a  Feaft, 
The  Women  were  very  bufily  engag'din  Gaming :  The  Name 
or  Grounds  of  it,  I  could  not  learn,  tho'L  look 'd  on, above 
two  Hours.  Their  Arithmetick  was  kept  with  a  Heap  of  Indian 

E  2  Grain. 


(a8.) 

Grain.  When  their  Play  was  ended,  the  King,  or  Caffettas 
Wife,  invited  us  into  her  Cabin.  The  Indian  Kings  always  en- 
tertaining Travellers,  either Englifi,  or  Indian  ;  taking  it  as  a 
great  -Affront,  it-  they  pafs  by  their  Cabins,  and  take  up  their 
Quarters  at  any  other  Indian's  Houfe.  The  Queen  fet  Victu- 
als before  us,-  which  good  Compliment  they  ufe  generally  ras 
foon  as  you  come  under  their  Roof. 

The  Town confifts  not  of  above  a  dozen  Houfes,  they  having 
other  ftragling  Plantations  up  and  down  the  Country,  and 
are  Tested  upon  a-,  final! Branch  of  Santee-Rw$r.  ■  Their  Place 
hath  curious  dry  Marines,  and  Savanna's  adjoining  to  it, 
and  would  prove  an  exceeding  thriving  Range  for  Cattb,  and' 
Hogs,  provided  tlie  Englijb  were  feated  thereon.  Befides,  the 
Landvis  good  for  Plantations.  orf2  bu/3 

Thefe  Indians  are  afmall  People* '.having  loft  mufch  of  their 
former  Numbers,  by  inteftine  Broils  •  but  rnoft  bf  the 
Smallpox,  which  hath  often  vifited  them ,  (weeping  away 
whole  Towns;  occafion'd  by  the  immoderate  Government 
of  themfelves  in  their  Sicknefs  ;  as  I  have  mention 'd  before 
treating  of  the  Sewees.  Neither  do  I  know  any  Savages  that 
have  traded  with  the  Englijf),  but  what  have  been  great  Lofefs 
by  this  Diftemper. 

We  found  here  good;  Store  of  Chinkapin-Nuts,  which  they 
gather  in  Winter  great  Quantities  of,  drying  them 1}  fo  keep 
thefe  Nuts  in  great  Baikets  for  their  Ufe }  likewife  Hickerie- 
Nuts,  which  they  beat  betwixt  two  great  Stones,  thenfift 
them,  fo  thicken  their  Yenifon-Broath  therewith  g  the  fmall 
Shells  precipitating  to  the  Bottom  of  the  Pot,  whilft  the  Ker- 
nel in  Form  of  Flower,  mixes  it  with  the  Liquor.  Both  thefe 
Nuts  made  into  Meal,  makes  a  curious  Soop,  either  with  clear 
Water,  or  in  any  Meat-Broth. 

From  the  Nation  of  Indians,  until  fuch  Time  as  you  come 
to  the  Tnrkeiruros  in  North  Carolina,  you  will  fee  no  long 
*Mofs  upon  the  Trees  j  which  Space  of  Ground  contains  above 
live  hundred  Miles.  This  feeming  Miracle  in  Nature,  is  oc- 
cafion'd by  the  Highnefs  of  the  Land,  it  being  dry  and 
healthful  •;  for  tho'  this  moil  bears  a  Seed  in  a  Sort  of  a  fmall 
Cod,  yet  it  is  generated  in  or  near  low  fwampy  Grounds. 

The 


(,  ?-9 


^ 


The  Cow^m*  are  kind  and  affable  to  the  Evghjb,  the^ueeja 
being  very  land,  giving  us  what  Rarities  herCabmattorued, 
as  Loblolly  made  with  Indian  Corn,  and  dry  a  Peaches.  Thefe 
Convenes  have  abundance  of  Storks  and  Cranes  in  their  Sa- 
vannas They  take  them  before  they  can  fly,  and  breed  em 
as  tame  and  familiar  as  a  Dung-hill  Fowl.  They  had  a  tame 
Crane  at  one  of  thefe  Cabins,  that  was  fcarce  lets  than  hx 
Foot  in  Height,  his  Head  b«ing  round,  with  a  .{tuning  natu- 
ral Criinfon  Hue,  which  they  all  have.  Thefe  are  a  very 
comely  Sort  of  Indians,  there  being  a  ftrange  Difference  in  the. 
Proportion  and  Beauty  of  thefe  Heathens.  Altho  their  Tribes 
er  N*tions'border  one  upon  another,  yet  you  may  dilcern  as 
great  an  Alteration  in  their  Features  and  Difpohtions ,  as  you 
can  in  their  Speech,  which  generally  proves  quite  different 
from  each  other,  though  their  Nations  be  not  above  10 
or  20  Miles  in  Diftance.  The  Women  here  being  as  hand- 
Tome  as  moft  I  have  met  withal,  being  feveral  fine-finger  d 
Brounetto's  amongft  them."  Thefe  Laffes  ftick  not  upon  Hand 
long,  for  they  marry  when  very  young,  as  at  12  or  14  Years 
of  Age  The  Evglip  Traders  are  feldom  without  an  Indian 
Female  for  his  Bed-fellow,  alledging  thefe  Reafons  as  fuffici- 
ent  to  allow  of  fuch  a  Familiarity.  Firft,  They  being  re- 
mote from  any  white  People,  that  it  preferves  their .Friend  ihip 
with  the  Heathens,  they  etteeming  a  white  Man  s  Child  much 
above  one  of  their  getting,  the  Indian  Miftrefs  ever  fecuring 
her  white  Friend  Provifions  whilft  he  ftays  amonglt  them. 
And  laftly,  This  Correfpondence  makes  them  learn  the  In- 
dian Tongue  much  the  fooner,  they  being  of  the  French- 
mans  Opinion,  how  that  an  Englifi  Wife  teaches  her  Hul- 
band  more  Englijb  in  one  Night,  than,  a  School-matter  can  in- 

a  Week.  rrr.ni      r  * 

We  faw  at  the  Cafettas  Cabin  the  ftrangelt  Spectacle  of  An- 
tiquity I  ever  knew,  it  being  an  old  Indian  Squah,  that,  had 
I  been  to  have  guefs'd  at  her  Age  by  her  Aipect,old .-Parr's  Head 
(the  Welch  Methnfalem)  was  a  Face  in  Swadling-Clouts  to  hers. 
Her  Skin  hung  in  Reaves  like  a  Bagof  Tripe.  By  a  fair  Com- 
putation, one  might  have  juftly  thought  it  would  have  con- 
tain'd  three  fuch  Carcafles  as  hers  then  was.  She  had  one  of 
her  Hands  contracted  by  fome  Accident  in  the  Fire,  they 

fleeping 


( 3© ) 


flecping  always  by  it,  and  often  fall  into  fad  Difafters,  efpeci- 
aliy  in  their  drunken  Moods.  I  made  the  ftricleft  Enquiry  that 
was  poffible,  and  oy  what  I  could  gather,  (lie  was  confiderably 
above  iqo  Years  old,  notwithftanding ihe  fmoak'd  Tobacco, 
and  eat  her  Victuals,,  to  all  Appearance,  as-heartily  as  one  of 
1 8.  One  of  our  Company  fpoke  fome  of  their  Language,  and 
having  not  quite  forgotten  his  former  Intrigues  with  the  Indi- 
awLafies,  would  fain  have  been  dealing  with  fome  of  the  young 
Female  Fry .h  but  theyrefus'd  him,  he  having  nothing  that 
thefe  Girls  efteemU  At  Night  we  were  laid  in  the  King's  Ca- 
bin, where  the  Queen  and  the  old  Squah  pig'd  in  with  us: 
The  former  was  very  much  disfigur'd  with  Tettars,  and  very 
referv'd,  which  drfappointed  our  fellow  Traveller  in  his  In- 
trigues, 

.The  Women  fmoafc much  tobacco,  .'(as  raoft  Indians  do.) 
They  have  Pipes,  whofe  Heads  are  cut  out  of  Stone,  an<l  will 
hold  an  Ounce  of  Tobacco,  and  fome  much  fiefs,  They  have 
large  wooden  Spoons,  as  big  as  fmall Ladles,  which  they  make 
little  Ufe  of,  lading  the  Meat  out  of  the  Bowls  with  their  Fin- 
gers. 

Zburfday.  In  the  Morning  we  rofe  before  Pay,  having  hir'd  a  Guide 
over  Night  to  conducl  us  on  our  Way  j  but  it  was  top  foon 
for  him  to  ftir  out,  the  Indians  never  fetting  forward 'till  the 
Sun  is  an  Hour  or  two  high,  and  hath  eihalFd  the  Dew 
from  the  Earth.  The  Queen  got  us  a  good  Breakfaft  be- 
fore we  left  her  •,  fhe  had  a  young  Child,  which  was  much 
affhdted  with  the  Cholick  ;  for  which  Diftemper  me  in- 
fus'd  a  Root  in  Water,  which  was  held  in  a  Gogrd*  this  me 
took  into  her  Mouth,  andfpurtedit  into  the  Infent's,  which 
-  gaveiteafe.  After  we  had  eaten,  we  fet  Out  (with  our  new 
Guide)  for  the  Wateree  Indians.  We  went  over  a  great  deal  of 
indifferent  Land  this  Day.  -Here  begins  to  appear  very  good 
: Marble,  which  continues  more  and  lefs  for  the  Space  of  ?oo 
Miles.  We  lay  all  Night  by  a  Run  of  Water,  as  we  always 
do,  (if  poffible)  for  the  Convenience  of  it.  The  Weather 
was  very  cold.  ,  We  went  this  Day  about  30  Miles  from  the 
Conger ees  ,; 

Friday.     \    In  the  Morning  we  made  no  Stay  to  get  our  Breakfaft,  but 

hafted  on  our  Voyage,  the  Land  increafing  in  Marble'  and 

'  v    .  Richnefs 


(31  ) 


Richnefs  of  Soil.  At  Noon  we  halted,  getting  our  Dinner 
upon  a  Marble-Stone,  thatiofe  it  felf  halt  a  Foot  above  the 
Surface  of  the  Earth,  and  might  contain  the  Compafs  of  a 
Quarter  of  m  Acre  of  Land,  being  very  even,  there  grow- 
ing upon  it  in  fome  Places  a  finall  red  Berry,  like  a  Salmon- 
Spawn,  there  boiling  out  of  the  main  Rock  curious  Springs 
of  as  delicious  Water,  as  ever  I  drank  in  any  Parts  I  ever  tia- 

velFd  in.  -     - 

Thefe  Parts  likewife  affords. good  free  Stone,  ht  for  Build- 
ing; and  of  feveral  Sorts.  The  Land  here  is  pleafantly  feat- 
ed,  with  pretty  little  Hills  and  Valleys,  the  riling  Sun  at  once 
fhewing  his  glorious  reflecting  Rays  on  a  great  many  of  thefe 
little  Mountains.  We  went  this  Day  about  20  Miles,  our 
Guide  walking  like  a  Horfe,  'till  we  bad  fadl'd  him  with  a 
good  heavy  Pack  of  fome  Part  of  our  Cloaths  and  Bedding  -y 
by  which  Means  we  kept  Pace  with  him. 

This  Night  we  lay  by  a  Run-fide,  where  . I  found  a  fine 
yellow  Earth,  the  fame  with  Bruxels-Sand,  which  Goldfhnths 
ufe  to  call  withal,  giving  a  good  Price  in  England,  .and  other 
Parts.  Here  is  Ijkewife  the  true  Blood-Stone,  and  confi- 
derable  Quantities  of  Fullers-Earth,  which  I  took  a  Proof 
of,  by  fcouring  great  Spots  out  of  Woollen,  and  it  prov'd  ve- 
ry good.  ■•>.  -  „ 

,Aswe  were;on  our  Road  this  Morning,  our  Indi an  liiot  at  a 
•Tyger,>  that  erofsM  the  Way,  he  being  a  great  Diftance  from 
us.  I  believe  he  did  him  no  Harm,  becaufe  he  fat  on  his 
Breech  afterwards,  ancMook'd  upon  us.  I  fuppofe  he  ex- 
pected to  have  bad  a  .Spaniel  Bitch,  that  I  had  with  me,  for 
Jbis  Breaftfaft,  who  run  towards  him,  but  in  the  Midway 
it  opt  her  Career,  and  came  fneaking  bade  to, us  with  her 
Tail  betwixt  her  Legs. 

We  faw  in  the  Path  a  great  many  Trees  blown  up  by  the 
Roots.,  at  the  Bottom  .whereof  ftuck  great  Quantities  of  fine 
red  Bole ;  I  believe  nothing  inferior  to  that  of  Venice  or  Lem- 
ma. We  found  fome  Holes  in  the  Earth,  which  were  full  of 
a -Water  asf  black,  as  Ink.  I  thought  that  Tincture  might 
proceed  from  fome  Mineral,:  but >. had- not  Time  to  make  a_ 
farther  Difcovery.    About  Noon'  we  pafs'd  over  a  pleafant 


Safur$fy, 


C  m  ) 


m\ 


in 
1 1 


flony  Brook,  whofe  Water  was  of  a  bluifh  Caft,  as  it  is  for  < 
ieveral  hundreds  of  Miles  towards  the  Heads  of  the  Rivers 
■I  fuppofe  occaiion'd  by  the  vait  Quantities  of  Marble  ly- 
ing m  the  Bowels  of  the  Earth.     The  Springs  that  feed  thefe 
Rivulets,  lick  up  fome  Potions  of  the  Stones  in  the  Brooks - 

a  r!11013  gives  this  Tin£lure>  as  appears  in  all  or 
molt  of  the  Rivers  and  Brooks  of  this  Country  whofe'ra- 
pid  Streams  are  like  thofe  in  Torklnre,  and  other  Northern 
Counties  of  England.  The  Indians  talk  of  many  Sorts  of 
Fiih  which  they  afford,  but  we  had  not  Time  to  difcover 
their  Species.  , 

I  faw  here  had  been  fome  Indian  Plantations  formerly 
there  being  feveral  pleafant  Fields  of  clear'd  Ground    and 
excellent  Soil,  now  well  fpread  with  fine  bladed  Grafs' and 
Strawberry-Vines.  ' 

.  The  Mould  here  is  exceffive  rich,  and  a  Country  very  plea- 
ling  to  the  Eye,  had  it  the  Convenience  of  a  navigable  Ri- 
ver as  all  new  Colonies  (of  Neceffity)  require.  It  would  make 
a  delightful  Settlement. 

We  went  eight  Miles  farther,  and  came  to  the  .Jfateree 
Ltockanee  Indians.  The  Land  holds  good,  there  being  not 
a  Spot  of  bad  Land  to  be  feen  in  feveral  Days  going 

The  People  of  this  Nation  are  likely  tall  Perfons,  and 
great  Pilferers,  ftealing  from  us  any  Thing  they  could  lay 
their  Hands  on,  though  very  refpectful  in  giving  us  what 
Victuals  we  wanted.  We  lay  in  their  Cabins  all  Night,  be- 
ing dark  fmoaky  Holes,  as  ever  I  faw  any  Indians  d'well 
in.  This  Nation  is  much  more  populous  than  the  Come- " 
reesx  and  their  Neighbours,  yet  underftand  not  one  ano- 
ther Speech.  They  are  very  poor  m  Englifl,  EfFec'ts,  feve- 
ral ol  them  having  no  Guns,  making  Ufe  of  Bows  and  Ar- 
rows, being  a  lazy  idle  People,  a  Quality  incident  to  motf 
Indians,  but  none  to  that  Degree  as  thefe,  as  I  ever  met 
Withal. 

Their  Country  is  wholly  free  from  Swamps  and  Quag- 
mires,  being  high  dry  Land,    and  confequently  healthful 
producing  large  Corn-Stalks,  and  fair  Grain. 

Next 


Next  Morning,  we  took  off  our  Beards  with  a  Razor, -the  ^w^'' 
Indians  looking  on  with  a  great  deaf  of  Admiration.  They 
told  4is,  they  had  never  feen  the  like  before,  and  that  our 
Knives  cut  far  better  than  thofe  that  came  amonglt  the  In- 
dians. They  would  fain  have  borrow'd  our  Razors,  as  they 
had  our  Knives,  Sciflbrs,  and  Tobacco-Tongs,  the  day  be- 
fore, being  as  ingenious  at  picking  of  Pocket?,  as  any,  I  be- 
lieve, the  World  affords  \  for  they  will  Ileal  with  their  Feet. 
Yefterday,  one  of  our  Company,  not  walking  fo  fait  as  the  _ 
reft,  was  left  behind.  He  being  out  of  Sight  before  we  mifs'd 
him,and  not  coming  up  to  us,tho' we  ftaid  a  confiderable  time  . 
on  the  Road  for  him,  we  ftuck  up  Sticks  in  the  Ground, 
and  left  other  Tokens  to  diredl;  him  which  way  we  were  gone: 
But  he  came  not  to  us  that  Night,  which  gave  us  Occafion  to 
fear  fome  of  the  Heathens  had  kill'd  him,  for  his  Cloaths,  or 
the  favage  Beaffs  had  devoured  him  in  the  Wildernefs,  he 
having  nothing  about  him  to  ftrike  Fire  withal.  As  we 
were  debating  which  way  we  fhould  fend  to  know  what  was 
become  of  him,  he  overtook  us,  having  a  V/axfaw  Indian  for 
his  Guide.  He  told  us,  he  had  mifs'd  the  Path  ,  and  got 
to  another  Nation  of  Indians,  but  3  Miles  off,  who  at  that 
time  held  great  Feafting.  They  had  entertain'd  him  very 
refpeftfully,  and  fent  that  Indian  to  invite  us  amongft  them, 
wondring  that  we  would  not  take  up  our  Quarters  with 
them,  but  make  our  Abode  with  fuch  a  poOr  Sort  of  Indimsr 
that  were  not  capable  of  entertaining  us  according  to  our 
Deferts:  We  receiv'd  the  Meffenger  with  a  great  many  Ce- 
remoniei,  acceptable  to  thofe  fort  of  Creatures.  Bidding  our 
Waterree  King  adieu ,  we  fet  forth  towards  the  Waxfaxos, 
going  along  clear'd  Ground  all  the  Way.  Upon  our  Arrival, 
we  were  led  into  a  very  large  and  lightfome  Cabin,  the  like  I 
have  not  met  withal.  They  laid  Furs'  and  Deer-Skins  upon 
Cane  Benches  for  us  to  fit  or  lie  upon,  bringing  (Immediately) 
ftewed  Peaches  and  green  Corn,  that  is  preferv'd  in  their  Ca- 
bins before  it  is  ripe,  and  fodden  and  boil'd  when  they  ufe  it, 
which  is  a  pretty  fort  of  Food,  and  a  great  Increafer  of  the 
Blood. 

Thefe  Indians  are  of  an  extraordinary  Stature,  and  call'd 
by  their  Neighbours  fiat  Heads,  which  feems  a  very  fuitable 
Name  for  them.  In  their  Infancy ,  their  Nurfes  lay  ther 
Back-part  of  their  Children's  Heads  on  a  Bag  of  Sand,  (fuch 

F  as 


(34) 

as  Engravers  ufe  to  reft  their  Plates  upon.;  They  ufe  a  Roll, 
which  is  placed  upon  the  Babe's  Forehead,  it  being  laid  with 
its  Back  on  a  flat  Board,  and  Twaddled  hard  down  thereon, 
from  one  End  of  this  Engine,  to  the  other.  This  Method 
makes  the  Child's  Body  and  Limbs  as  ftraight  as  an  Arrow. 
There  being  fome  young  Indians  that  are  perhaps  crookedly 
inclin'd,  at  their  firft  coming  into  the  World,,  who  are 
made  perfectly  ftraight  by  this  Method.  I  never  faw-an  Indian 
of  a  mature  Age,that  was  any  ways  crooked,  except  by  Acci- 
dent, and  that  way  feldom  ;,  for  they  cure  and  prevent  De- 
formities of  the  Limbs,  and  Body,  very  exa&ly.  The  In- 
ftrument  I  fpoke  of  before,  being  a  fort  of  a  Prefs,  that  is  let 
out  and  in,-  more  or  lefs,  according  to  the  Difcretion  of  the 
Nurfe,  in  which  they  make  the  Child's  Head  flat,  it  makes 
the  Eyes  ftand  a  prodigious  Way  afunder,  and  the  Hair  hang 
over  the  Forehead  like  the  Eves  of  a  Houfe,  which  feems 
very  frightful :  They  being  ask'd  the  Reafon  why  they  pra- 
clis'd  this  Method,  reply'd,  the  Indians  Sight  was  much 
ftrengthened  and  quicker,  thereby,  to  difcern  the  Game  in 
hunting  at  larger  Diftance,  and  fo  never  mifs'd  of  becoming 
expert  Hunters,  the  Perfection  of  which  they  all  aim  at,  as 
we  do  to  become  experienced  Soldiers,  Jearned  School-Men 
or  Artifts  in  Mechanicks :  He  that  is  a  good  Hunter  never 
miffesof  being  a  Favourite  amongft  the  Women  •,  thepret- 
tieft  Girls  being  always  beftow'd  upon  the  chiefeft  Sports- 
Men,  and  thofeof  a  grofler  Mould,  upon  the  ufelefs  Lvbbers. 
Thus  they  have  a  Graduation  amongft  them,  as  well  as  o- 
ther  Nations.  As  for  the  Solemnity  of  Marriages  amongft: 
them,  kept  with  fo  much  Ceremony  as  divers  Authors  af- 
firm, it  never  appear'd  amongft  thofe  many  Nations  I  have 
been  withal,  any  otherwife  than  in  the  Manner  I  have  men- 
tion'd' hereafter. 

The  Girls  at  \x  or  13  Years  of  Age^  as  foon  as  Nature 
prompts  them,  freely  beftow  their  Maidenheads  on  fome 
Youth  about  the  fame  Age,  continuing  her  Favours  on  whom 
She  mo  ft  affe&s,  changing  her  Mate  very  often,  few  or  none 
of  them  being  conftant  to  one,  till  a  greater  Number  of 
Years  has  made  her  capable  of  managing  domeftick  Affairs., 
and  me  hath  try'd  the  Vigour  of  moft  of  the  Nation  fhe 
belongs  to  •,  Multiplicity  of  Gallants  never  being  a  Stain  to 
a  Female's  Reputation,  or  the  leaft  Hindrance  of  her  Ad- 
vancement, 


; (  35  )  

vancement,  but  the  more  Wkorijh,  the  more  Honourable,  and 
they  of  all  moll  coveted,  by  thofe  of  the  firft  Rank,  to  make  a" 
Wife  of.  The  Bos  Virginia  for  much  coveted  by  t\\Q  Europeans, 
is  never  valued  by  thefe  Savages.  When  a  Man  and  Wo- 
man have  gone  through  their  Degrees,"  (there  being  a  certain 
Graduation  amongft  them  J  and  are  allow'd  to  be  Hoiife- 
Keepers,  which  is  not  till  they  arrive  at  fuch  an  Age,  and 
have  pall  the  Ceremonies  pra&is'd  by  their  Nation,  aim  oft 
all  Kingdoms  differing  in  the  Progrefs  thereof,  then  it  is  that 
the  Man  makes  his  Addreffes  to  fome  one  of  thefe  thorough- 
paced Girls,  or  other,  whonrhe  likes  belt.  Whenfhe  is  won, 
the  Parents  of  both  Parties,  (with  Advice  of  the  King)  a- 
gree  about  the  Matter,4  making  a  PrOrnife  of  their  Daughter, 
to  the  Man,  that  requires  her,  it  often  happening  that- they 
converfe  and  travel  together,  for  feveral  Moons  before  the 
Marriage  is  publifh'd  openly  ;  After  this,  at  the  lead  Diflike 
the  Man  may  turn  her  away,  and  take  another  •,  or  if  fhe 
difapproves  of  his  Company,  a  Price  is  fet  upon  her,  and  if 
the  Man,  that  feeks  to  get  her,  will  pay  the  Fine  to  her 
Husband,  me  becomes  free  from  Him:  Like  wife  fome  of  their 
War  Captains,  and  great  Men,  very  often  will  retain  3  or  4 
Girls  at  a  time  for  their  own  "Life,  when  at  the  fame  time,  he 
is  fo  impotent  and  old,  as  to  be  incapable  of  making 
Ufe  of  one  of  them  \  fo  that  he  feldom  mifles  of  wearing 
greater  Horns  than  the  Game  he  kills.  The  Husband' is 
never  fo  enrag'd  as  to  put  his  Adulterefs  to  Death  ;  if  fhe  is 
caught  in  the  Fad,  the  Rival  becomes  Debtor  to  thecornuted 
Husband,  in  a  certain  Quantity  of  Trifles  valuable  amongft 
them,which  he  pays  as  foon  as  difcharg"d,and  then  all  Animofi- 
ty  is  laid  afide  bewitft  theHusband,and  hisWife'sGallant.  The 
Man  proves  often  fo  good  humour'd  as  to  pleafe  hisNeighbour 
and  gratify  hisWife's!nclinations,by  letting  her  out  for  aNight 
or  two,  to  the  Embraces  of  fome  other,  which  perhaps  fhe 
has  a  greater  Liking  to,  tho'  this  is  not  commonly  practjs'd. 

They  fet  apart  the  youngefl  and  prettieft  Faces  ,ibr  trading 
Girls  j  thefe  are  remarkable  by  their  Hair,  having  a  particu- 
lar Tonfure  by  which  they  are  known,  and  diftinguifh'd  from 
thofe  engag'd  to  Husbands.  They  are  mercenary,  and  who- 
ever makes  Ufe  of  them,  firft  hires  them,  the  greateft  Share 
of  the  Gain  going  to  the  King's  Purfe,  who  is  fhe  chief  Bawd, 
«xerci!ing  his  Perogative  over  all  the  Stews  of  his  Nation,and 
•    •  .  F  2  his 


;;: 


(  3*  )   . 

his  own  Cabin  ( very  often)  being  the  chiefeft  Brothel-Houfe. 
As  they  grow  in  Years,  the  hot  Afiaultsof  Lovegrowcooier ; 
and  then  they  commonly  are  fo  ftaid,  as  to  engage  them- 
felves  with  more  Conftancy  to  each  other.  I  have  feen  feve- 
ral  Gouples  amongft  them,  that  have  been  fo  referv'd,  as  to 
live  together  for  many  Years,  faithful  to  each  other^  admits 
ting  none  to  their  Beds  but  fuch  as  they  own'd  for  their 
Wife  or  Husband  :  "So  continuing  to  their  Life's  end. 

At  our  Wax/aw  Landlord's  Cabin,  was  a  Woman  employ'd 
in  no  other  Bufinefs  than  Cookery  y    it  being  a  Houfe  of 
great  Refort.   The  Fire  was  furrounded  with  Roaft-meat,  or 
Barbakues,  and  the  Pots  continually  boiling  full  of  Meat,  from 
Morning  till  Night.    This  She-Cook  was  the  cleanlieftj  ever 
Jaw  amongft  the  Heathens  of  America,  warning  her  Hands 
before  fhe  undertook  to  do  any  Cookery ;    and  repeated 
this  unufual  Decency  very  often  in  a  day.    She  made  us  as 
White-Bread  as  any  Englijh  could  have  done,  and  was  full  as 
neat,  and  expeditious,  in  her  Affairs.    It  happen'd  to  be  one 
of  their  great  Feafts,  when  we  were  there  :    The  firft  day 
that  we  came  amongft  them,  arriv'd  an  Ambaflador  from  the 
King  ofSapona,  to  treat  with  thefe  Indians  about  fome  impor- 
tant Affairs.    He  was  painted  with  Vermillion  all  over  his 
Face,  having  a  very  large  Cutlafs  ftuck  in  his  Girdle,  and  a 
Fufee  in  his  Hand.     At  Night,  the  Revels  began  where  this 
Foreign  Indian  was  admitted  ,    the  King,  and  War  Captain, 
Inviting  us  to  fee  their  Mafquerade:     This  Feaft  was  held 
-in  Commemoration,  of  the  plentiful  Harveft  of  Corn  they 
had  reap'd  the  Summer  before,  with  an  united  Supplication  " 
for  the  like  plentiful  Produce  the  Yearenfuing.     Thefe  Re- 
vels are  carried  on  in  a  Houfe  made  for  that  purpofe,  it  be- 
ing done  round  with  white  Benches  of  fine  Canes,  joining 
along  the  Wall  y  and  a  place  for  the  Door  being"left,  which, 
is  fo  low,  that  a  Man  muft  ftoop  very  much  to  enter  therein* 
This  Edifice  refemblesa  large  Hay- Rick;  its  Top  being  Pyra- 
midal, and  much  bigger  than  their  other  Dwellings,and  at  the 
Building  whereof,  every  one  affifts  till  it  is  finifh'd.     AH  their 
DweHing-Houfes  are  cover'd  with  Bark,  but  this  differs  very 
much-,    for,  it  is  very  artificially  thatch'd  with  Sedge  and 
Rulhes :     As  foon  a's  finifh'd,   they  place  fome  one  of  their 
chiefeft  Men  to  dwell  therein,  charging  him  with  the  dili- 
gent Prefervation  thereof ,  as  a  Prince  commits  the  Charge 

and 


I 


(37  ) 


and  Government  of  a  Fort  or  Cattle,  to  fome  Subjed  lie 
thinks  worthy  of  that  Trait.  In  thefe  State-Houfes  is  tranf- 
afted  all  Publick  and  Private  Bufinefs,  relating  to  the  Af- 
fairs of  the  Government,  as  the  Audience  of  Foreign  AmbaG. 
fadors  from  other  Indian  Rulers,  Confutation of  waging  and 
making  War,  Propofals  of  their  Trade  with  neighbouring 
Indians,  or  the  Englijlh  who  happen  to  come  amongft  them. 
In  this  Theater,  the  moll  Aged  and  Wifeft  meet,  determi- 
ning what  to  Aft,  and  what  may  be  molt  convenient  to  Omit, 
Old  Age  being  held  in  as  great  Veneration  amongft  thefe 
Heathens,  as  amongft  any  People  you' fhall  meet  withal  in 
any  Part  of  the  World. 

Whenfoever  an  Aged  Man  is  fpeakmg,  none  ever  inter- 
rupts him,  (The  contrary  Pradice  the  EngHfa  and  other  Eu- 
ropeans, too  much  ufej  the  Company  yielding  a  great  deal  of 
Attention  to  his  Tale,  with  a  continued  Silence,  and  an  ex- 
ad  Demeanour,  during  the  Oration.  Indeed,  the  Indians  are 
a  People  that  never  interrupt  one  another  in  their  Difcourfe-, 
no  Man  fo  much  as  offering  to  open  his  Mouth,  till  the  Speak- 
er has  utter'd  his  Intent ;  When  an  Enghfr~Mm  comes  a- 
mongft  them,  perhaps  every  one  is  acquainted  with  him, 
vet  firft  the  King  bids  him  Welcome,  after  him  the  War- 
Captain,  fo  on  gradually  from  High  to  Low  ;  not  one  of  all 
thefe  fpeaking  to  the  White  Gueft,  till  his  Supenour  has 
ended  his  Salutation.  Amongft  Women,  it  feems  impoffible. 
to  find  a  Scold-,  if  they  are  provok'd,  or  affronted,  by  their 
Husbands,  or  fome  other,  they  refent  the  Indignity  offer  d- 
them  in  filent  Tears,  or  by  refufing  their  Meat.  Would  fome 
of  our  European  Daughters  of  Thunder  fet  thefe  Indians  for 
a  Pattern,  there  might  be  more  quiet  Families  tound ■  amongft 
them,  occafiorfd  by  that  unruly  Member,  the  Tongue. 

Fefiination  proceeds  from  the  Devil,  (fays,  a  Learned&oaor) 
a  PaiTion  the  Indians  feem  wholly  free  from-,  they  determi- 
ning no  Bufinefs  of  Moment,  without  a  great  deal  of  Delibe- 
ration and  Warinefs.  None  of  their  Affairs  appear  to-  be  at- 
tended with  Impetuofity,  or  Hafte,  being  more  content  with 
the  common  Accidents  incident  to  humane  Nature,  (as  Lor-- 
fes,  contrary  Winds,  bad  Weather,  and  Poverty;  than  thefe 
of  more  civilized  Countries.  _     _ 

Now,  to  return  to  our  State-Houfe,w  hither  we  were  invi- 
ted by  the  Grandees :  As  foon  as  we  came  into  it^they  plac'd- 

1  '-  "-  OUT- 


In  in 


1 


(38) 


our  Englijhmen  near  the  King ;   h  being  my  Fortune  to  lit 
next  him,  having  his  great  General,  or  War-Captaiii.-on  my 
other  Hand.    The  Houfe  is  as  dark  as  a  Dungeon    and  as 
hot  as  one  of  the  Dutch-Stoves  in  Holland.     They  had  made 
a  circular  Fire  of  fplit  Canes  in  the  middle  of  the  Houfe     It 
was  one  Man's  Employment  to  add  more  fplit  Reeds  to 
the  one  end  as  it  confum'd  at  the  other,  there  being  a  fmall 
Vacancy  left  to  fupply  it  with  Fewel.  They  brought  in  great 
ftore  of  Loblolly,  and  other  Medleys,  made  of  Indian  Grain 
ftewed  Peaches,  Bear-Venifon,  &c.  every  one  bringing  fome 
Offering  to  enlarge  the  Banquet,  according  to  his  Degree  and 
Quality.     When  all  the  Viands,  were  brought  in,  the  firft  Fi- 
gure began  with  kicking  out  the  Dogs,  which  are  feemingly 
Wolves,  made  tame  with  flarvirtg  and  beating  5  they  being 
the  worft  Dog-Mafters  in  the  World  ;  fo  that  it  is  an  infalli- 
ble Cure  for  Sore-Eyes,  ever  to  fee  an  Indian's  Dog  fat.  They 
are  of  a  quite  contrary  Difpofition  to  Horfes;  fome  of  their 
Kings  having  gotten,  by  great  chance,  a  Jade,  ftolen  by  fome 
neighbouring  Indian,  and  tranfported  farther  into  the  Coun- 
try, and  fold  \  or  bought  fometimes  of  a  Chriftian,  that  trades 
fmJag    ?2S    The?  Crratures  they  continually  cram,  and 
teed  with  Maiz  ,   and  what  the  Horfe  will  eat,    till  he  is  as 
fat  as  a  Hog  5   never  making  any  farther  ufe  of  him  than  to 
fetch  a  Deer  home,  that  is  killed  fomewhere  near  the  India*'*- 
Plantation. 

After  the  Dogs  had  fled  the  Room,  the  Company  was  fum- 
mon  d  by  Beat  of  Drum ;    the  Muflck  being  made  of  a  drefs'd 
Deer  s  Skin,  tied  hard  upon  an  Earthen  Porridge-Pot     Pre- 
fentlyin  came  fine  Men  drefs'd  up  with  Feathers,  their  Fa- 
ces being  covered  with  Vizards  made  of  Gourds:    round 
their  Ancles  and  Knees,  were  hung  Bells  of  feveral  forts,  ha- 
ving Wooden  Falchions  in  their  Hands,  (fuch  as  Stage-Fen-    ' 
cers  commonly  ufe-  )   m  this  Drefs  they  danced  about  an 
Hour ,  mewing  many  ftrange  Geftures,  and  brandifhing  their 
Wooden  Weapons,  as  if  they  were  going  to  fight  each  other; 
oitentimes  walking  very  nimbly  round  the  Room,  without 
making  the  leaft  Noife  with  their  Bells,  (a  thing  I  much  ad- 
mired at  ;■)  again,  turning  their  Bodies,  Arms  and  Legs,  into 
inch  frightful  Poftures.,  that  you  would  have  guefs'd  they  had 
been  quite  raving  mad :     At  laft,  they  cut  two  or  three  high 
Capers,  and  left  the  Room.    In  their  Head,  came  in.  a  par- 
cel 


■     1 


(  39  l 

eel  of  Women  and  Girls,  to  the  Number  of  Thirty  odd  j 
every  one  taking  place  according  to  her  Degree  of  Stature, 
the  tallelt  leading  the  Dance,  and  the  leaft  of  all  being  plac'd 
laft  j  with  thefe  they  made  a  circular  Dance,  like  a  Ring, 
reprefenting  the  Shape  of  the  Fire  they  danced  about  f  Ma- 
ny of  thefe  had  great  Horfe-Bells  about  their  Legs,  and  fmall 
Hawk's  Bells  about  their  Necks.  They  had  Muikians,  who 
were  two  Old  Men,  one  of  whom.beat  a  Drum,  while  theother 
rattled  with  a  Gourd*  that  had  Corn  in  it,  to  make  a  Noife 
withal:  To  thefe  Inftruments,  they  >both  fang  a  mournful 
Ditty  ,  the  Burthen  of  their  Song  was,  in  Remembrance  of 
their  former  Greatnefs,  and  Numbers  of  their  Nation',  the 
famous  Exploits  of  their  Renowned  Anceftors,  and  all  Acti- 
ons of  Moment  that  had*  (in  former  Days)  been  perform'd 
by  their  Forefathers.  At  thefe  Feftivals  it  is ,  that  they 
give  a  Traditional  Relation  of  what  hath  pafs'd  amongft 
them,  to  the  younger  Fry.  Thefe  verbal  Deliveries  being 
always  publiflfd  in  their  moft  Publick  AfTe.mblies,  ferve  in- 
fl.ead  of  our  Traditional  Notes,  by  the  ufe  of  Letters.  Some 
Indians,  that  I  have  met  withal,  have  given  me  a  very  curious 
Defcription  of  the  great  Deluge,  the  Immortality  of  the 
Soul,  with  a  pithy  Account  of  the  Reward  of  good  and  wic- 
ked Deeds  in  the  Life  to  come  ,  having  found,  amongft  fome 
of -them,  great  Obfervers  of  Moral  Rules,  and  the  Law  of  Na- 
ture j  indeed,  a  worthy  Foundation  to  build  Christianity 
upon,  were  a  true  Method  found  ou£,  and  practis'd,  for  the 
Performance  thereof. 

Their  way  of  Dancing,  is  nothing  but  a  fort  of  {tamping 
Motion ,  much  like  the  treading  upon  Foanders  Bellows. 
This  Female-Gang  held  their  Dance  for  above  fix  Hours,  be- 
ing all  of  them  of  a  white  Lather,  like  a  Running  Horfe  that 
has  juft  come  in  from  his  Race.  My  Landlady  was  the  Ring- 
leader-of  the  Amazons,  who,  when  in  her  ownHpufe,  be- 
bav'd  herfelf  very  difcreetly,  and  warily,  in  her  Domeftick: 
Affairs '-,  yet,  Cuftom  had  fo  infatuated  her,  asto  almoft  break 
her  Heart  with  Dancing  amongft  fuch  a  confufed  Rabble. 
During  this  Dancing,  the  Spectators  do  not  neglect  their  Bu- 
finefs,  in  working  the  Loblolly- Pots,  and  the  other ,MeaE 
that  was  brought  thither ;  more  or  lefs  of  them  being  con- 
tinually Eating,  whilft  the  others  were  Dancing.  When  the 
Dancing  was-eflded,  every  Youth  that  was  fo  dilpofsd,  catch'd 

'     -"    -  '        '       hold; 


Tuefday. 


(    40  ) 

hold  of  the  Girl  he  liked  belt,  and  took  her  that  Night  for 
his  Bed-Fellow,  making  as  fhort  Courtfhip  and  expeditious 
Weddings,  as  the  Foot-Guards  us'd  to  do  with  the  Trulls  ia 
Salisbury-Court.  I 

Next  we  fhail  treat  of  the  Land  hereabouts,  which  is  a 
Marl  as  red  as  Blood,  and  will  lather  like  Soap.  The  Town 
Hands  on  this  Land,  which  holds  considerably  farther  in 
the  Country,  and  is  in  my  Opinion,  fo  durable  that  no  La- 
bour of  Man,  in  one  or  two  Ages,  could  make  it  poor.  I 
have  formerly  feen  the  like  in  Leicefierjhire,  bordering  upon 
Rutland.  Here  were  Corn-Stalks  in  their  Fields  as  thick  as 
the  Small  of  a  Man's  Leg,  and  they  are  ordinarily  to  be  feen. 

We  lay  with  thefe  Indians  one  Night,  there  being  by  my 
Bed-fide  one  of  the  largeft  Iron  Pots  I  had  ever  feenjn  Ame- 
rica, which  I  much  wondred  at,  beeaufe  I  thought  there  might 
be  no  navigable  Stream  near  that  Place.  I  ask'd  them,  wher® 
they  got  that  Pot?  They  laugh'd  at  my  Demand,  and  would 
give  me  no  Anfwer,  which  makes  me  guefs  it  came  from  fome 
Wreck,  and  that  we  were  nearer  the  Ocean,  or  fome  great 
River,  than  I  thought. 

The  next  day  aboutNoon,we  accidentally  met  with  a  South- 
ward Indian,  amongft  thofe  that  us'd  to  trade  backwards  and 
forwards,  and  fpoke  a  little  Englijh,whom  we  hirM  to  go  with 
tistothe  Efaw  Indians,  a  very  large  Nation  containing  many 
thoufand  People.  In  the  Afternoon  we  fet  forward,  taking 
our  Leaves  of  the  Wifack  Indians,  and  leaving  them  fome  Tri- 
fles. On  our  Way,  we  met  with  feveral  Towns  of  Indians, 
each  Town  having  its  Theater  or  State  Houfe,  fuch  Houfes 
being  found  all  along  theRoad,till  you  come  toSapona^nd  then 
no  more  of  thofe  Buildings,  it  being  about  170  Miles.  We 
reach'd  10  Miles  this  day,  lying  at  another  Town  of  the  Wi- 
fach.  The  Man  of  the  Houfe  offer'd  us  Skins  to  fell,  but 
they  were  too  heavy  Burdens  for  our  long  Voyage. 

Next  Morning  we  fet  out  early,  breaking  the  Ice  we  met 
withal,  in  the  ftony  Runs,  which  were  many.  We  pafs'd  by 
feveral  Cottages,  and  about  8  of  the  Clock  came  to  a  pret- 
ty big  Town,  where  we  took  up  our  Quarters,  in  one  of 
their  State  Houfes,-  the  Men  being  all  out,  hunting  in  the 
Woods,  and  none  but  Women  at  home.  Our  Fellow  Tra- 
veller of  whom  I  fpoke  before  at  the  Congerees,  having  a  great 
Mind  for  an  Indian  Lafs,  for  his  Bed-Fellow  that  Night, 

fpoke 


(4i  ) 


fpoke  to  our  Guide,  who  foon  got  a  Couple,  referving  one 
for  himfelf.  That  which  fell  to  our  Companion's  Share, 
was  a  pretty  young  Girl.  Tho'  they  could  net  underftand 
'one  Word  of  what  each  other  fpoke,  yet  the  Female  Indian, 
being  no  Novice  at  her  Game,  but  underftanding  what  file 
came  thither  for,  a&ed  her  Part  dexteroufly  enough  with  her 
Culiy,  to  make  him  fenfibleof  what  (he  wanted  >,  which  was 
to  pay  the  Hire,  before  he  rode  the  Hackney.  He  fhew'd 
her  all  the  Treafure  he  was  pofTefs'd  of,  as  Beads,  Red  Ca- 
dis, &c.  which  me  lik'd  very  well,  and  permitted  him  to  put 
them  into  his  Pocket  again,  endearing  him  with  all  the 
Charms,  which  one  of  a  better  Education  than  Dame  Na- 
ture had  beftow'd  upon  her,could  have  made  ufe  of,to  render 
her  Confort  a  furer  Captive.  After  they  had  us'dthis  Sort 
of  Courtfhip  a  fmall  time,  the  Match  was  confirm'd  by  both 
Parties,  with  the  Approbation  of  as  many  Indian  Women, 
as  came  to  the  Houfe ,  to  celebrate  our  WincbeJler-'Wed- 
ding.  Every  one  of  the  Bride-Maids  were  as  great  Whores, 
as  Mrs.  Bride,  tho'  not  quite  fo  handfome.  Our  happy  Cou- 
ple went  to  Bed  together  before  us  all,and  with  as  little  BluftV 
mg,  as  if  they  had  been  Man  and  Wife^fcr  7  Years.  The 
reft  of  the  Company  being  weary  with  travelling,  had 
more  Mind  to  take  their  Reft,  than  add  more  Weddings  to 
that  hopeful  one  already  confummated  ;  fo  that  tho'  the  o- 
ther  Virgins  ofFer'd  their  Service  to  us,  we  gave  them  their 
Anfwer,  and  went  to  fleep.  About  an  Hour  before  day,  I 
awak'd,  and  faw  fomebody  walking  up  and  down  the-  Room 
in  a  feemingly  deep.  Melancholy.  I  call'd  out  to  know  who  it 
was,  and  it  prov'd  to  be  Mr.  Bridegroom,  who  in  lefs  than  1 2 
Hours,  was  Batchelor,  Husband,  and  Widdower,  his  dear 
Spoufe  having  pick'd  his  Pocket  of  the  Beads,  Cadis,  and 
what  elfe  mould  have  gratified  the  Indians  for  the  Victuals  we 
receiv'd  of  them.  Howevervthat  did  not  ferveher  turn,but  me 
had  alfo  got  his  Shooes  away,  which  he  had  made  the  Night 
before,  of  a  dreft  Buck-Skin.  Thus  dearly  did  our  Spark  al- 
ready repent  his  newBargain,  walking  bare-foot,  in  his  Peni- 
tentials,  like  fome  poor  Pilgrim  to  Lor et to. 

After  the  Indians  had  laugh'd  their  Sides  fore  at  the  Fi- 
gure Mr.  Bridegroom  made,  with  much  ado,  we  mufter'd  up 
another  Pair  of  Shooes,  or  Meggifom,  and  fet  forward  on  our 
intended  Voyage,  the  Company  (all  the  way)  lifting  up  their 

F         1  Pray- 


(42    ) 


Prayers  for  the  newt  married  Couple,  whofe  Wedding  had 
made  away  with  that,  which  mould  have  purchas'd  our  Food. ' 
Weinef-  Relying  wholly  on  Providence,  we  march'd  on,  now  and 
**■?•  then  payingc>ur  Refpedts  to  the  new-married  Man.  The  Land  * 
held  rich  and  good  •,  in  many  Places  there  were  great  Quanti- 
ties of  Marble.  The  Water  was  ftill  of  a  wheyifh  Colour. 
About  io  of  the  Clock,  we  waded  thro'  a  River,  fabout  the 
Bignefs  of  Dervpent,  in  Torkjhire)  which  I  take  to  be  one  of 
the  Branches  of  Winjavp  River.  We  faw  feveral  Flocks  of  Pi- 
geons, Field-Fares-,  and  Thrufhes,  much  like  thofe  of  Eu- 
rope. The  Indians  of  thefe  Parts  ufe  Sweating  very  much. 
If  any  Pain  feize  their  Limbs,  or  Body,  immediately  they 
take  Reeds,  or  fmall  Wands,  and  bend  them  Umbrella-Faftii- 
on,  covering  them  with  Skins  and  Matchcoats :  They  have  a 
large  Fire  not  far  off,wherein  they  heat  Stones,or  (where  they 
are  wanting,)  Bark,  putting  it  into  this  Stove,  which  calls  an 
extraordinary  Heat :  There  is  a  Pot  of  Water  in  the  Bagnio^m 
which  is  put  a  Bunch  of  an  Herb,  bearing  a  "Silver  TafTel,  not 
much  unlike  the  Aurea  Virga.  With  this  Vegetable  they  ru'» 
the  Head,  Temples,  and  other  Parts,  which  is  reckon'd  a 
Preferver  of  the  Sight  and  Strengthener  of  the  Brain.  We 
went,  this  day,  abou-t  12  Miles,  one  of  our  Company  being 
lame  of  his  Knee.  Wepafs'd  over  an  exceeding  rich  Traci 
of  Land,  affording  Plenty  of  great  free  Stones,  and  marble 
Rocks,  and  abounding  in  many  pleafant  and  delightfome 
Rivulets.  At  Noon,  we  Itay'd  and  refrefh'd  ourfelves  at  a 
Cabin,  where  we  met  with  one  of  their  War- Captains,  a 
Man  of  great  Efteem  among  them.  At  his  Departure  from 
the  Cabin,  the  Man  of  the  Houfe  fcratch'd  this  War-Cap- 
tain on  the  Shoulder,  which  is  look'd  upon  as  a  very  great 
Compliment  among  them.  The  Captain  went  two  or  three 
Miles  on  our  way,  with  us,  to  direct,  us  in  our  Path.  One 
©f  our  Company  gave  him  a  Belt,  which  he  took  Very  kindly, 
bidding  us  call  at  hisHoufe,  (which  was  in  our  Road)  and 
flay  till  the  lame  Traveller  was  well,  and  fpeaking  to  the  In- 
dian-,  to  order  his  Servant  to  make  us  welcome.  Thus  we 
parted,  he  being  on  his  Journey  to  the ■  Congerees,  and  Savem~ 
nsis,  a  famous  ,  warlike,  friendly  Nation  of  Indians^  living 
to  the  South-ErA  of  Aftly  River.  Me  had  a  Man-Slave  with 
him,  who  was  loaded  with,  European  Goods,  bis  Wife  and 
•  Daughter  being  in  Company.    He  told  us,  at  his  Departure, 

that  James  had  fent  Knots  to  all  the  Indiar.i  thereabouts,  for 

every 


(43_) 

every  Town  to  fend  ia  10  Skins,  meaning  Captain  Moar, 
thenGovernour  of  Ssuth-CaroLna.  The  Towns  being  very 
thick  hereabouts,  at  Night  we  took  up  our  Quarters  at  one 
of  the  chief  Mens  Houfes,  which  was  one  of  the  Theaters 
I  fpoke  of  before.  There  ran,  hard-by  this  Town,  a  pleafant 
River,  not  very  large,  but,  as  the  Indians  told  us,  wellftor'd ' 
withFiih.  We  being  now  among  the  powerful  Nation  of 
£faws,  our  Landlord  entertain'd  us  very  courteoufly,  fliew- 
ingus,  that  Night,  a  pair  of  Leather-Gloves,  which  he  had 
made  ;  and  comparing  them  with  ours,  they  prov'd  to  be  • 
very  ingenioufiy  done,  confidering  it  was  the  firft  Tryal. 

In  the  Morning,  he  defired  to  fee  the  lame  Man's  afFe&ed  Tburflay. 
Part,  to  the  end  he  might  do  fomething,  which  (he  believ'd) 
would  give  him  Eafe.     After  he  had  viewed  it  accordingly, 
he  pull'd  out  an  Inftrument,  fomewhat  like  a  Comb,  which 
was  made  of  a  fplit  Reed,  with  15  Teeth  of  Rattle-Snakes 
fet  at  much  the  fame  diftance,  as  in  a  large  Horn-Comb: 
With  thefe  he  fcratch'd  the  place  where  the  Lamenefs  chief- 
ly lay,  till  the  Blood  came,  bathing  it,  both  before  and  after 
Incifion  ,  with  warm  Water ,   fpurted  out  of  his  Mouth. 
This  done  ,   he   ran  into    his  Plantation ,   and  got  fome 
Sajfafras  Root,  (which  grows  here  in  great  plenty)  dry*d  it 
in  the  Embers,  fcrap'd  off  the  outward  Rind,  and  having 
beat  it  betwixt  two  Stones,  apply'd  it  to  the  Part  affiifted, 
binding  it  up  well.    Thus,  in  a  day  or  two,  the  Patient  be-' 
came  found.    This  day,  we  pafs'd  through  a  'great  many 
Towns,  and  Settlements,  that  belong  to  the  Sugeree-Indians, 
no  barreh.Land  being  found  amongft  them,  but  great  plen- 
ty of  Free-Stone,  and  good  Timber.    About  three  in  the 
Afternoon,    we  reach'd  the  Kadapau  King's  Houfe,  where 
we  met' with  one  John  Stewart,  a  Scot,  then  an  Inhabitant 
of  James-Rivec  in  Virginia,  who  had  traded  there  for  many 
Years.    Being  alone,  and  hearing  that  the  Sinnagers  (Indians 
from  Canada)  were  abroad  in  that  Country,   he  durft  not 
venture  homewards,  till  he  faw  us,  having  heard  that  we 
were  coming,  above  20  days  before.    It  is  very  odd,  that 
News  mould  fly  fo  fwiftly  among  thefe  People.    Mr.  Stewart 
had  left  Virginia  ever  fince  the  Ottober  before,  and  had  loft  a 
day  of  the^Week,   of  which  we  inform'd  him.    He  had 
brought  feven  Horfes  along  with  him,  loaded  with  Englifo 
Goods  for  the  Indians',  and  having  fold  moft  of  his  Cargo, 

G  2  told  - 


(  44  ) 


vij 


III'  ill 


Saturday 


told  us,  if  we  would  flay  two  Nights,  he  would  go  along 
with  us.  Company  being  very  acceptable,  we  accepted  the 
Propofal. 

Friday.  The  next  day,  we  were  preparing  for  our  Voyage,  and 
baked  fome  Bread  to  take  along  with  us.  Our  Landlord 
v/as  King  of  the  Kadapau  Indians,  and  always  kept  two  or 
three  trading  Girls  in  his  Cabin.  Offering  one  of  thefe  to 
fome  of  our  Company,  who  refus'd  his  Kindnefs,  his  Majefty 
flew  into  a  violent  Paflion,  to  be  thus  flighted,  telling  the 
Englishmen,  they  were  good  for  nothing.  Our  old  Game- 
iter,  particularly,  hung  his  Ears  at  the  Propofal,  havin* 
too  lately  been  a  Lofer  by  that  fort  of  Merchandize.  It  was 
obfervable,  that  we  did  not  fee  one  Partridge  from  tbeWa- 
terrees  to  this  place,  tho'  my  Spaniel-Bitch,  which  I  had  with 
me  in  this  Voyage,  had  put  up  a  great  many  before. 

On  Saturday  Morning,  we  all  fet  out  for  Sapona,  killing  in 
thefe  Creeks,  feveral  Ducks  of  a  Arrange  Kind,  having  a  red 
Circle  about  their  Eyes,  like  fome  Pigeons  that  I  have  feen 
a  Top-knot  reaching  from  the  Crown  of  their  Heads  al- 
moft  to  the  middle  of  their  Backs,  and  abundance  of  Fea- 
thers of  pretty  Shades  and  Colours.  They  prov'd  excellent 
Meat.  Likewife,  here  is  good  ftore  of  Woodcocks,  not  fo 
bigasthofein  England,  the  Feathers  of  the  Breaft  being  of 
a  Carnation-Colour,  exceeding  ours  for  Delicacy  of  Food 
The  Marble  here  is  of  different  Colours,  fome  or  other  of 
the  Rocks  reprefenting  moft  Mixtures,  but  chiefly  the  white 
having  black  and  blue  Veins  in  it,  and  fome  that  are  red. 
This  day,  we  met  with  feven  heaps  of  Stones,  being  the  Mo- 
numents of  feven  Indians,  that  were  flain  in  that  place  by  the- 
S.nnagers,  or  Troquois.  Our  Indian  Guide  added  a  Stone  ta 
each  heap.  We  took  up  our  Lodgings  near  a  Brook-fide 
where  the  Virginia  Man's  Horfes got  away.  %  and  went  back 
to  the  Kadapau  %. 

Sunday-.  This  day,  one  of  our  Company,  with  a  Sapona  Indian,  who 
attended  Stsxoart,  went  back  for  the  Horfes,  In  the  mean 
time,  we  went  to  (hoot  Pigeons,  which  were  fo  numerous  in 
thefe  Parts,  that  you  might  fee  many  Millions  in  a  Flock- 
they  fometimes  fplit  off  the  Limbs  of  ftout  Oaks,  and  other 
Trees,  upon  which  they  rooft  o'  Nights.  You  may  find  fe- 
veral Indian  Towns,of  not  above  17  Routes,  that  have  more 
than  100  Gallons  of  Pigeons  Oil,  or  Fat  \  they  niing.it  with: 

Polfe, 


(45  ) 

Pulfe,  or  Bread,  as  we  do  Butter,  and  making  the  Ground 
as  white  as  a  Sheet  with  their  Dung.  The  Indians  take  a 
Light,  and  go  among  them  in  the  Night,  a^id  bring  away 
fome  thoufands,  killing  them  with  long  Poles,  as  they  roolt 
in  the  Trees.  At  this  time  of  the  Year,  the  Flocks,  as  they 
pafs  by,  in  great  meafure,  obftrua  the  Light  of  the  day. 

On  Monday,  we  went  about  25- Miles,  travelling  through  Mtw%. 
a  pleafant,  dry  Country,  and  took  up  our  Lodgings  by  a  Hill- 
fide,  that  was  one  entire  Rock,  out  of  which  guuYd  out  plea>- 
fant  Fountains  of  well- tailed  Water. 

The  next  day,  ftill  palling  along  fuch  Land  as  we  had  done TuefcUjc 
for  many  days  before,  which  was,  Hills  and  Vallies,  about 
10  a  Clock  we  reach'd  the  Top  of  one  of  thefe  Mountains, 
which  yielded  us  a  fine  ProfpecT:  of  a  very  level  Country, 
holding  fo,  on  all  fides,  farther  than-  we  could  difcern.  When 
we  came  to  travel  through  it,  we  found  it  very  ftiff  and 
rich,  being  a  fort  of  Marl.  This  Valley  afforded  as  large 
Timber  as  any  I  ever  met  withal,  efpecially  of  Chefnut-Oaks, 
which  render  it  an  excellent  Country  for  railing  great  Herds 
of  Swine.  Indeed,  were  it  cultivated,  we  might  have  good 
hopes  of  as  pleafant  and  fertile  a  Valley,  as  any  our  Englifr 
m  America  can  afford.  At  Night,  we  lay  by  a  fwift  Cur- 
rent, where  we  faw  plenty  of  Turkies,  but  pearch'd  upon 
fuch  lofty  Oaks,  that  our  Guns  would  not  kill  them,  tho*  we 
fliot  very  often,  and  our  Guns  were  very  good.  Some  of  our 
Company  mot  feveral  times,  at  one  Turkey,  before  he  would 
fly  away,  the  Pieces  being  loaded  with  large.Goofe-fhot. 

Next  Morning,  we  got  our  Breakfafts  •,  roafted  Acorns  be-WedneJ- 
ing  one  of  the  Difhes.    The  Indians  beat  them  into  Meal,  and  <*<?/• 
thicken  their  Venifon-Broth  with  them-,    and  oftentimes 
make  a  palatable  Soop.  -  They  are  ufed  inftead  of  Breads 
boiling  them  till  the  Oil  fwims  on  the  top  of  the  Water* 
which  they  preferve  for  ufe,  eating  the  Acorns  with  Flefh- 
meat.    We  travell'd,  this  day,  about  25  Mites,  over  plea- 
fant Savanna  Ground,   high,   and  dry,   having  very  few    \ 
Trees  upon  it,  and  thofe  ftanding  at  a  great  diftance.   The 
Land  was  very  good,  and  free  from  Grubs  or  Underwood, 
A  Man  near  Sapona  may  more  eafily  clear  10  Acres  of  Ground, 
than  in  fome  places  he  can  one  •,  there  being  mnch-loofe  Stone, 
upon  the  Land,  lying  very  convenient  for  making  of  dry- 
Walls,  or  any  other  fort  of  durable  Fence,    This  Country  ■ 

abounds 


(46  ) 

abounds  likewife  with  curious  bold  Creeks,  (navigable  for 
fmall  Graft)    difgorging  themfelves  into  the  main  Rivers, 
that  vent  themfelves  into  the  Ocean.    Thefe  Creeks  are  well 
ftor'd  with  fundry  forts  of  Fifh,  and  Fowl,  and  are  very  con- 
venient for  the  Tranfportation  of  what  Commodities  this 
Place  may  produce.    This  Night,  we  had  a  great  deal  of 
Rain,  with  Thunder  and  Lightning. 
'fhuffiay.       Next  Morning,  it  proving  delicate  Weather,  three  of  us 
Separated  ourfelves  from  the  Horfes,   and  the  reft  of  the 
Company,  and  went  directly  for  SaponaTown.    That  day, 
we  pafs'd  through  a  delicious  Country,  (none  that  lever 
faw  exceeds  it.)    We  fawfinebladed  Grafs,  fix  Foot  high, 
along  the  Banks  of  thefe  pleafant  Rivulets:    We  pafs'd  by 
the  Sepulchres  of  feveralilain  Indians.  Coming,that  day,about 
30  Miles,  we  reach'd  the  fertile  and  pleafant  Banks  of  Sapona 
^River,w hereon  ftands  the  Indian  Town  and  Fort.    Nor  could 
all  Europe  afford  a  pleafanterStream,wereit  inhabited  byCh-i- 
ftians,and  cultivated  by  ingenious  Hands.  Thefe  Indians  live  in 
a  clear  Field, about  a  Mile  fquare,  which  they  would  have  fold 
me  j  becaufe  I  talked  fometimes  of  coming  into  thofe  Parts  to 
live.    This  moll  pleafant  River  may  be  fomething  broader 
-than  the  Thames  at  King fi en,   keeping  a  continual  pleafant 
warbling  Noife,  with  its  reverberating  on  the  bright  Mar- 
ble Rocks.    It  is  beautified  with  a  numerous  Train  of  Swans, 
and  other  forts  of  Water-Fowl,  not  common,  though  extra- 
ordinary pleafing  to  the  Eye.    The  forward  Spring  welcom'd 
us  with  her  innumerable  Train  of  fmall  Chorifters,  which 
inhabit  thofe  fair  Banks  •,    the  Hills  redoubling,  and  adding 
Sweetnefs  to  their  melodious  Tunes  by  their  fhrill  Echoes. 
'One  fide  of  the  River  is  hemm'd  in  with  mountainy  Ground, 
the  other  fide  proving  as  rich  a  Soil  to  the  Eye  of  a  knowing 
Perfon  with  us,  as  any  this  Weftern  World  can  afford.     We 
took  up  our  Quarters  at  the  King's  Cabin,  who  was  a  good 
Friend  to  the  Englijh,  and  had  loft  one  of  his  Eyes  in  their 
Vindication.    Being  upon  his  march  towards  the  Appedlatche 
Mountains,  amongft  a  Nation  of  Indians  in  their  Way,  there 
happen'd  a  Difference,  while  they  were  meafuring  of  Gun- 
powder •,  and  the  Powder,  by  accident,  taking  fire,  blew  out 
one  of  this  King's  Eyes,  and  did  a  great  deal  more  mifchief, 
upon  the  fpot :    Yet  this  Sapona  King  ftood  firmly  to  the  Eng- 
lifl)  Man's  Intereft,  with  whom  he  was  in  Gompany,  ftill 

1  iiding 


(  47  ) 


fiding  with  him  againft  ihevhdians,  They  were  intended 
for  the  South  Sea,  but  were  too  much  fatigued  by  the  vafb 
Ridge  of  Mountains,  tho'  they  hit  the  right  Paflage  ;  it  being 
no  lefs  than  five  days  Journey  through  a  Ledge  of  Rocky 
Hills,  and  fandy  Defarts.  And  which  is  yet  worfe,  there  is 
no  Water,  nor  fcarce  a  Bird  to  be  feen,  during  your  PafFage 
bver  thefe  barren  Crags  and  Valleys.  The  Sapona  River 
proves  to  be  the  Weft  Branch  of  Cape-Fair^  or  Clarendon  River, 
whofe  Inlet,  with  other  Advantages,  makes  it  appear  as  noble 
a  River  to  plant  a  Colony  in,  as  any  I  have  met  withal. 

The  Saponas  had  (about  10  days  before  we  came  thither) 
taken   Five  Prifoners  of  the  Sinnagers  or  Jennitos^  a  Sort  of 
People  that  range  feveral  thoufands°of  Miles,  making  all  Prey 
they  lay  their  Hands  on.     Thefe  are  fear'd  by  all  the  favage 
Nations  1  ever  was  among,  the  Weftward  Indians  dreading 
*  their  Approach.    They  are  all  forted  in,  and  keep  continual 
Spies  and  Out-Guards  for  their  better  Security.    Thofe  Cap- 
tives they  did  intend  to  burn,  few  Prifoners  of  War  efcaping 
that  Punifhment.   The  Fire  of  Pitch-Pine  being  got  ready, 
and  a  Feaft  appointed,  which  is  folemnly  kept  at  the  time  of. 
their  acting  this  Tragedy,the  Sufferer  has  his  Body  ftuck  thick . 
with  Light- Wood-Splinters,  which  are  lighted  like  fo  many 
Candles,  the  tortur'd  Perfon  dancing  round  a  great  Fire,  till 
his  Strength  fails,and  difables  him  from  making  them  any  far- 
ther Paftime.     Moft  commonly ,   thefe  Wretches  behave 
themfelves  (in  the  Midft  of  their  Tortures)  with  a  great, 
deal   of  Bravery  and   Refolution,  efteeming  it  Satisfa&ion 
enough,  to  be   aflur'd,  that  the  fame  Fate  will  befal  fome  of 
their  Tormentors,  whensoever  they  fall  into  theHands  of 
their  Nation.     More  of  this  you  will  have  in  the  other 
Sheets. 

The  Toteros,  a  neighbouring  Nation,  came  down  from  the 
Weftward  Mountains,  to  the  Saponas,  defiring  them  to  give 
them  thofe  Prifoners  into  their  Hands,  to  the  Intent  they. 
might  fend  them  back  into  their  own  Nation,  being  bound: 
in  Gratitude  to  be  Serviceable  to  the  Sinnag«rs,  fincenot  long  ., 
ago,  thofe  Northern-/w^»j  had  taken  fome  of  the  Toteros  - 
Prifoners,  and  done  them  no  Harm*  but  treated  them  civilly 
whilffc  among  them,  fending  them,  with  Safety,  back  to  their 
own  People,  and  affirming,  that  it  would  be  the  belt-.  Me- 
thod to  preferve  Peace  on,  ail  Sides.    At  that,  time  thefe ■-• 
'    ' " ,'  "    "  -  " .  Ten*- 


■I 


it 


(   48  > _ 

Toteros,  Saponas,  and  the  Keyamvees,  3  fmall  Nations,  were 
going  to  live  together,  by  which  they  thought  they  mould 
itrengthen  therafelves,  and  become  formidable  to  their  Bne* 
rnies.  The  Reafons  oiFer'd  by  the  Totsros  being  heard,  the 
Sapona  King,  with  the  Confent  of  his  Counfellors,  deliver'd 
the  Sinnagers  up  to  the  Toteros,  to  conduit  them  home. 

&ri&0*  Friday  Morning,  the  old  King  having  ftiew'd  us  2  of  his 

Horfes,  that  were  as  fat,as  if  they  had  belong'd  to  the  Dutch 
Troopers,  left  us,  and  went  to  look  after  his  Beyer-Traps 
there  being  abundance  of  thofe  amphibious  Animals  in  this 
River,  and  the  Creeks  adjoining.  Taken  with  the  Pleafant- 
nefs  of  the  Place,  we  walk'd  along  the  River-fide,  where  we 
found  a  very  delightful  Ifland,  made  by  the  River,  and  a 
Branch  ;  there  being  feveral  fuch  Plots  of  Ground  environ'd 
with  this  Silver  Stream,  which  are  fit  Pafbres  for  Sheep, 
and  free  from  any  offenfive  Vermin.  Nor  can  any  thing 
•be  defired  by  a  contented  Mind,  as  to  a  pleafant  Situation 
but  what  may  here  be  found ;  Every  Step  prefenting  fome 
new  Objed,  which  ftill  adds  Invitation  to  the  Traveller  in 
thefe  Parts.  Our  Indian  King  and  his  Wife  entertain'd  us 
very  fefpeftfufly. 

Situt-day.       On  Saturday,   the  Indians  brought  in  fome  Swans,  and 

=§an.  51.  Geefe,  which  we  had  our  Share  of.  One  of  their  Do&ors 
took  me  to  his  Cabin,  and  fhew'd  me  a  great  Quantity  of 
medicinal  Drugs,  the  Produce  of  thofe  Parts ;  Relating  their 
Qualities-as  to  theEmun&ories  they  work'd  by,and  what  great 
Maladies  he  had  heal'd  by  them.  This  Evening,  came  to  us 
the  Horfes,  with  the  Remainder  of  our  Company,  their  In- 
dian Guide  (who  was  a  Youth  of  this  Nation)  having  kill'd, 
in  their  Way,  a  very  fat  Doe,  Part  of  which  they  brought 
to  us. 

4Mlny.  '  This  day,  the  King  fent  out  all  his  able  Hunters,  to  kill 
Game  for  a  great  Feaft,  that  was  to  be  kept  at  their  Depar- 
ture, from  the  Town,  which  they  ofFer'd  to  fell  me  for  a 
fmall  matter.  That  Piece  of  Ground,  with  a  little  Trouble, 
would  make  an  Englijhman  a  molt  curious  Settlement,  con- 
taining above  a  Mile  fquare  of  rich  Land.  This  Evening, 
came  down  fome  Totems^  tall,  likely  Men,  having  great 
Plenty  of  Buffelbs,  Elks,  and  Bears,  with  other  fort  of  Deer 
amongft  them,  which  ftrong  Food  makes  large,  robuit  Bo- 
dies.   Enquiring  of  them,  if  theyjiever  got  any  of  the  Be- 

z,oar 


-<:. 


(49  ) 


tjoar  Stone,  and  giving  them  a  Defcription  how  it  was  found, 
the  Indians  told  me,  they  had  great  plenty  of  it }  and  ask'd 
me,  What  ufe  1  could  make  of  it  ?  I  anfwer'd  them,  That  the 
white  Men  us'd  it  in  Phyfick,  and  that  I  would  buy  Tome  of 
them,  if  they  would  get  it  againft  I  came  that  way  again. 
Thereupon,  one  of  them  pull'd  out  a  Leather-Pouch,  where- 
in wasfomeof  it  in  Powder ,  he  was  a  notable  Hunter,  and 
affirm'd  to  me,  That  that  Powder,  blown  into  the  Eyes, 
ilrengthen'd  the  Sight  and  Brain  exceedingly,  that  being 
the  molt  common  Ufe  they  made  of  it.  I  bought,  for  2  or 
3  Flints,  a  large  Peach-Loaf,  made  up  with  a  pleafant  fort 
of  Seed  ;  and  this  did  us  a  Angular  Kindnefs,  in  our  Journey. 
Near  the  Town,  within  their  clear'd  Land,  are  feveral  Bag* 
nios^  or  Sweating-Houfes,  made  of  Stone,  in  Shape  like  a 
large  Oven.  Thefe  they  make  much  Ufe  of  \  efpecially,  for 
any  Pains  in  the  Joints,  got  by  Cold,  or  Travelling.  At 
Night,  as  we  lay  in  our  Beds,  there  arofe  the  moll  violent 
N..W.  Wind  1  ever  knew.  The  firft  Puff  blew  down  all  the 
Talifadoes  that  fortify'd  the  Town  •,  and  I  thought  it  would 
have  blown  us  all  into  the  River,  together  with  the  Houfes. 
Our  one-ey'd  King,  who  pretends  much  to  the  Art  of  Con- 
juration, ran  out  in  the  moft  violent  Hurry,  and  in  the 
Middle  of  the  Town ,  fell  to  his  Necromantick  Pra&ice  -7 
tho'  I  thought  he  would  have  been  blown  away  or  kill'd,  be- 
fore the  Devil  and  he  could  have  exchang'd  half  a  dozen 
Words  ;  but  in  two  Minutes,  the  Wind  was  ceas'd,  and  it  be- 
came as  great  a  Calm,  as  ever  I  knew  in  my  Life.  As  I  much 
admir'd  at  that  fudden  Alteration,  the  old  Man  told  me,  the 
.  Devil  was  very  angry,  and  had  done  thus,  -becaufe  they  had 
not  put  the  Sinnagers  to  Death. 

On  Monday  Morning,  our  whole  Company,  with  the  Hor-Moniy, 
fes,  fet  out  from  the  Sapona-In'dian  Town,  after  having  ken 
fome  of  the  Locuft,  which  is  gotten  thereabouts,  the  fame 
Sort  that  bears  Honey.  Going  over  feveral  Creeks, -very 
convenient  for  Water-Mills,  about  8  Miles  from  the  Town, 
we  pafs'd  over  a  very  pretty  River,  call'd  Rocky  River,  a 
fit  Name,  having  a  Ridge  of  high  Mountains  running  from 
its  Banks,  to  the  Eaftward;  and  difgorging  itfelf  into  Sapo- 
»^-River',  fo  that  there  is  a  moll  pleafant  and  convenient 
Neck  of  Land,  betwixt  both  Rivers,  lying  upon  a  Point, 
where  many  thoufand  Acres  may  be  fenced  in,    without 

H  much 


C  50) 


f 


iM 


'.  . 


1     •! 


much  Coft  or  Labour.  You.  can  fcarcego  a  Mile,  without 
meeting  with  one  of  thefe  fmall  fwift  Currents,  here  being 
no  Swamps  to  be  found,  but  pleafant,  dry  Roads  all  over 
the  Country.  The  Way  that  we  went  this  day,  was  as  full 
of  Stones,  as  any  which  Craven,  in  the  Weft  of  TorkJhirer 
could  afford,  and  having  nothing  but  Moggifons  on  my  Feet, 
I  was  fo  lanfd  by  this  ftony  Way,  that  I  thought  I  mull  have 
taken  up  fome  Stay  in  thofe  Parts.  We  went,  this  day,  not 
above  1 5  or  20  Miles.  After  toe  had  fupp'd,  and  all  lay  down 
to  fteep,  there  came  a  Wolf  clofeto  the  Fire-fide,  where  we 
lay.  My  Spaniel  foon  difcoVer'd  him,  at  which,  one  of  Our 
Company  fir'd  a  Gun  at  the  Beaft }  but,  I  believe,  there  was 
a  Miftake  in  the  loading  of  it,  for  it  did  him  no  Harm.  The 
Wolf  ftay'd  till  he  had  almoft  loaded  again,  but  the  Bitch 
making  a  great  Noife,  at  la  ft  left  us  and  went  afide.  We 
had  nofooner  laid  down,  but  he  approach'd  us  again,  yet 
was  more  fhy,  fo  that  we  could  not  get  a  Shot  at  him. 

Tu-'fday.  Next  day,  we  had  1 5  Miles  farther  to  the  Keyauwees.  The 
Land  is  more  mountainous,but  extremely  pleafant,  and  an  ex- 
cellent Place  for  the  breeding  Sheep,  Goats,  and  Horfes  \  or 
Mules,  if  the  Englijh  were  once  brought  to  the  Experience  of 
the  TJfefulnefs  of  thofe  Creatures.  The  Valleys  are  here  very 
rich.  At  Noon,  we  pafs'd  over  fuch  another  ftony  River, 
as  that  eight  Miles  from  Sapona.  This  is  call'd  Helghwaree, 
and  affords  as  good  blue  Stone  for  Mill-Stones,  as  that  from 
CoJogn,  good  Rags,  fome  Hones,  and  large  Pebbles,  in  great 
abundance,  befides  Free-Stone  of  feveral  Sorts,  all  very  ufe- 
ful.  I  knew  one  of  thefe  Hones  made  ufe  of  by  an  Acquain- 
tance of  mine,  and  it  prov'd  rather  better  than  any  from  Old 
Spain,  or  elfe where.  The  Veins  of  Marble  are  very  large 
and  curious  on  this  River,  and  the  Banks  thereof. 
<.~  .  Five  Miles  from  this  River,  to  the  N.  W-  ftands  the  Key- 
auwecs  Town.  They  are  fortify'd  in,  with  wooden  Punch- 
eons, like  Sapona,  being  a  People  much  of  the  fame  Number.. 

1  Nature  hath  fo  fortify'd  this  Town,  with  Mountains,  that 

to  ere  it  a  Seat  of  War,  it  might  eafily  be  made  impregnable  ; 
-having  large  Corn-Fields  joining  to  their  Cabins,  and  a  Sa- 
vanna near  the  Town,  at  the  Foot  of  thefe  Mountains,  that 
is  capable  of  keeping  fome  hundred  Heads  of  Cattle.  And. 
all  this  environed  round  with  very  high  Mountains,  fo  that  no 
hard  Wind  ever    troubles  thefe  Inhabitants.     Thofe  high 

Gifts 


(  5i  ) 


Clifts  have  no  Grafs  growing  on  them,  and  very  few  Trees, 
which  are  very  fhort,  and  ftand  at  a  great  Diftance  one  from 
another.  The  Earth  is  of  a  red  Colour,  and  feems  to  me  to 
be  wholly  defign'd  by  Nature  for  the  Produftion  of  Minerals, 
being  of  too  hot  a  Quality,  to  fuffer  any  Verdure  upon  its 
Surface  Thefe  Indians  make  jife  of  Lead-Ore,  to  paint  then- 
Faces  withal,  which  they  get  in  tho  neighbouring  Mountains. 
As  for  the  refining  of  Metals,  the  Indians  are  wholly  igno- 
rant of  it,  being  content  with  the  Realgar.  But  if  it  be  my 
Chance,  once  more  to  vifit  thefe  Hilly  Parts,  I  fell  make  a 
longer  Stay  amongft  them  i  For  were  a  good  Vein  of  Lead 
found  out,  and  work'd  by  an  ingenious  Hand,  it  might  be  of 
no  fmall  Advantage  to  the  Undertaker,  there  being  great 
Convenience  for  fmelting,  either  by  Bellows  or  Reverberati- 
on S  and  the  Working  of  thefe  Mines  might  difcover  fome 
that  are  much  richer.  .  -  ■ 

At  the  Top  of  one  of  thefe  Mountains,  is  a  Cave  that  iop 
Men  may  fit  very  conveniently  to  dine  in  *  whether  natural, 
or  artificial,  I  could  not  learn.  There  is  a  fine  Bole  between 
this  Place,  and  the  Saps.  Thefe  Valleys  thus  hemm'd  in  with 
Mountains,  would  (doubtlefs)  prove  a  good  place  for  pro- 
pagating fome  fort  of  Fruits,  that  our  Eafterly  Winds  com- 
monly blaft.  The  Vine  could  not  mifs  of  thriving  well  here  ; 
but  we  of  the  Northern  Climate  are  neither  Artifts,  nor  curi- 
ous, in  propagating  that  pleafant  and  profitable  Vegetable. 
Near  the  Town,  is  fuch  another  Current,  as  Heighwaree.  We 
being  fix  in  Company,  divided  ourfelves  into  Two  Parties-; 
artd  it  was  my  Lot  to  be  at  theHoufe  of  Keyauwees  Jack,  who 
is  King  of  that  People.  He  is  a  Conger  ee- Indian,  and  ran  a- 
way  when  he  was  a  Boy.  He  got  this  Government  by  Mar- 
riage with  the  Queen ;  the  Female  IfTue  carrying  the  Heri- 
tage, for  fear  of  Impoftors  ;  the  Savages  well  knowing,  how 
much  Frailty  poffeffes  the  Indian  Women,  betwixt  the  Gar-  . 
ters  and  the  Girdle.  - 

The  next  day,  having  fome  occafion  to  write,  the  Indian  Wekefi 
King  who  faw  me,  believ'd  that  he  could  write  as  welU<y. 
as  I.  Whereupon,  I  wrote  a  Word,  and  gave  it  him  to  copy, 
which  he  did  with  more  Exactnefs,  than  any  European  could 
have  done,  that  was  illiterate.  It  was  fo  well,  that  he  who 
<:ould  read  mine,  might  have  done  the  fame1)y  his.  After- 
wards, he  took  great  Delight  in  making  Fifh-hooks  of  bis 

H  2  owu 


(  52  > 


i 


,  '! 


own  Invention,  which  would  have  been  a  good  Piece  for  an 
Antiquary  to  have  puzzled  his  Brains  withal,  in  tracing  out 
the  Characters  ofall  the  Oriental  Tongues.-  He  fent  for  fe- 
veral  Indians  to  his  Cabin,  to  look  at  his  Handy-work,  and  ' 
both  he  and  they  thought,  I  could  read  his  Writing  as  well 
as  I  could  my  own.    1  had  a  Manual  in  my  Pocket,  that  had 
King  ZWW'sPifture  inn,  in  one  of  his  private  Retirements. 
The  Indian  ask'd  me,  Who  that  Figure  reprefented  ?    I  told 
him,  It  was  the  Pi&ure  of  a  good  King,  that  liv'd  according 
to  the  Rules  of  Morality,  doing  to  all  as  he  would  be  done 
by,  ordering  all  his  Life  to  the  Service  of  the  Creator  of  all 
things ;   and  being  now  above  us  all,  in  Heaven,  with  God 
Almighty,  who  had  rewarded  him  with  all  the  delightful 
Pleasures  imaginable  in  the  other  World,  for  his  Obedience 
to  him  in  this ;   I  concluded,  with  telling  them,  that  we  re- 
ceived nothing  here  below,  as  Food,  Raiment,  &c.  but  what 
came  from  that  Omnipotent  Being.  They  liftned  to  my  Dif- 
courfe  with  a  profound  Silence^  alluring  me,  that  they  be-    - 
liev'd  what  I  faid  to  be  true.    No  Man  living  will  ever  be 
able  to  make  thefe  Heathens  fenfible  of  the  Happinefs  of  a 
future  State,  except  he  now  and  then  mentions  fome  lively 
carnal  Reprefentation,  which  may  quicken  their  Apprehen- 
lions,  and  make  them  thirft  after  fuch  a  gainful  Exchange  • 
for,  were  the  belt  Lecture  that  ever  was  preach'd  by  Man' 
given  to  an  ignorant  fort  of  People,  in  a  more  learned  Style' 
than  their  mean  Capacities  are  able  to  underftand,  the  In- 
tent would  prove  ineffectual,  and  the  Hearers  would  be  left 
in  a  greater  Labyrinth  thanjheir  Teacher  found  them  in. 
But  difpenfe  the  Precepts  of  our  Faith  according  to  the  Pu- 
pil's Capacity,  and  thefe  is  nothing  in  our  Religion,  but 
what  an  indifferent  Reafon  is,  in  fome  meafure,  able  to  com- 
prehend 5  tho'  a  New-England  Minifter  blames  the  French  Je- 
fuits  for  this  way  of  Proceeding,  as  being  quite  contrary  to 
a  true  Chriftian  Pra&ice,  and  affirms  it  to  be  no  ready,  or 
true  Method  ,   to  eftablifh  a  lively  Reprefentation  of  our 
Chriftian  Belief  amongft  thefe  Infidels. 

All  the  Indians  hereabouts  carefully  preferve  the  Bones  of 
the  Flefh  they  eat,  and  barn  them,  as  being  of  Opinion,  that 
if  they  omitted  that  Cuftom,  the  Game  would  leave  their 
Country,  and  they  mould  not  be  able  ^maintain  themfelves 
by  their  Hunting.  Molt  of  thefe  Indians  wear  Muftacboes, 
or  Whiskers,  which  is  rare ;  by  reafon  the  Indians  are  a  Peo- 
ple 


.'**» 


_ — -! 

'    (  53  )  _: 

pie  that  commonly  pull  the  Hair  of  their  Faces,  and  other 
Parts,  up  by  the  Roots,  and  fuffer  none  to  grow.  Here  is 
plenty  of  Chefnuts,  which  are  rarely  found  in  Carolina,  and 
never  near  the  Sea,  or  Salt-Water  j  tho'  they  are  frequently 
in  fuch  Places  in  Virginia.  ' 

At  the  other  Houfe,  where  our  Fellow- Travellers  lay, 
they  had  provided  a  Dilh,  in  great  Falhion  amongft  the  In- 
dians, which  was  Two  young  Fawns,  taken  out  of  the  Doe's 
Bellies,  and  boil'd  in  theiameflimy  Bags  Nature  had  plac'd 
them  in,  and  one  of  Ihe  Country-Hares,  ftew'd  with  the 
Guts  in  her  Belly,  and  her  Skin  with  the  Hair  on,  This 
new-fafhion'd  Cookery  wrought  Abftinence  in  our  Fellow- 
Travellers,  which  I  fomewhat  wonder'd  at,  becaufe  one  of 
them  made  nothing  of  eating  AUegators,  as  heartily  as  if  it 
had  been  Pork  and  Turneps.  The  Indians  drefs  molt  things 
after  the  Wood-cock  Falhion,  never  taking  the  Guts  out. 
At  the  Houfe  we  lay  at,  there  was  very  good  Entertainment 
of  Venifon,  Turkies,  and  Bears-,  and  which  iscuftomarya- 
mongftthe/W^/w,  the  Queen  had  a  Daughter  by  a  former 
Husband,  who  was  the  beautifulleft  Indian  I  ever  faw,  and 
had  an  Air  of  Majefty  with  her,  quite  contrary  to  the  gene- 
ral Carriage  of  the  Indians.  She  was  very  kind  to  the  Eng- 
lish, during  our  Abode,  as  well  as  her  Father  and  Mother.    -■         . 

This  Morning,  moft  of  our  Company  having  fome  Inclina.  7*«W> 
tion  to  go  ftraight  away  for  Virginia,  when  they  left  this 
Place;  I  and  one  more  took  our  leaves  of  them,  refolving 
(with  God's  Leave)  to  fee  North-Carotiriai  one  of  the  Indians 
fetting  us  in  our  way.  The  reft  being  indifferent  which  way 
they  went,  defired  usj  by  all  means,. to  leave  a  Letter  for 
them,.atthe^dWec&y-Town.  The  Indian  that  put  us  m 
our  Path,  had  been  a  Prifoner  amongft  the  Sinnagers;  but 
had  out-run.  them,  although  they  had  cut  his  Toes,  and  half 
his  Feet  away,  which  is  a  Practice  common  amongft  them. 
They  firft  raife  the  Skin,  then  cut  away  half  the  Feet,  and 
fo  wrap  the  Skin  over  the  Stumps,  and  make  a  prefent  Cure 
of  the  Wounds.  This  commonly  difables  them  from  making 
their  Efcape^  they  being  not  fo  good  Travellers  as  before, 
and  the  Impreffion  of  their.  Half-Feet  making  it  eafy  to  trace: 
them.  However,  this  Fellow  was  got  clear  of  them,  but 
had  little  Heart  to  go  far  from  home,  and  carry'd  always  a 
Cafe  of  Piftols  in  his  Girdle,  befides  a  Cutlafs,  and  a  Fuzee. 

Leaving 


(  54  )  

Leaving  the  reft  of  our  Company  at  the  Indian-Town,  we 
travell'd,  that  day,  about  20  Miles,  in  very  cold,  frofty  Wea- 
ther'; and  pafs'd  over  two  pretty  Rivers,  foraething  bigger 
than  Heighwaree,  but  not  quite  fo  ftony.  We  took  thefe  two 
Rivers  to  make  one  of  the  Northward  Branches  of  'Cafe-Fair 
River,  but  afterwards  found  our  Miftake. 

■Indiiy.  The  next  day,  we  travell'd  over  very  good  Land,  but  full 
of -Free-Stone,  arid  Marble,  which  pinch'd  our  Feet  fevere- 
ly.  We  took  up  our  Quarters  in  a  fort  of  Savanna-G round, 
that  had  very  few  Treesin  it.  The  Land  was  good,  and  had 
feveral  Quarries  of  Stone,  but  not  loofe,  as  the  others  us'd 
to  be. 

■Saturday.  Next  Morning,  we  got  our  Breakfaftsof  Parch'd  Corn, 
having  nothing  but  that  to  fubfift  on  for  above  100  Miles. 
All  the  Pine-Trees  were  vanifh'd,  for  we  had  feen  none  for 
two  days.  We  pafs'd  through  a  delicate  rich  Soil  this  day  ; 
no  great  Hills,  but  pretty  Rifings,  and  Levels,  which  made 
a  beautiful  Country.  We  likewife  pafs'd  over  three  Rivers 
this  day ;  the  firft  about  the  bignefs  of  Rocky  River,  the  o- 
ther  not  much  differing  in  Size.  Then  we  made  not  the 
leaft  Queftion,  but  we  had  pafs'd  over  the  North-Weft 
Branch  of  Cafe-Fair-,  travelling  that  day  above  30  Miles. 
We  were  much  taken  with  the  Fertility  and  Pleafantnefs 
of  the  Neck  of  Land  betvveen  thefe  two  Branches,  and"  no 
lefspleas'd,  that  we  had  pafs'd  the  River,  which  us'd  to 
frighten  Paflengers  from  fording  it.  At  laft,  determining 
to  reft:  on  the  other  fide  ■  of  a  Hill,  which  we  iaw  before  us ; 
when  we  were  on  the  Top  thereof,  there  appear'd  to  us 
fuch  another  delicious,  rapid  Stream,  as  that  of  Safona,  ha- 
iring large  Stones,  about  the  bignefs  of  an  ordinary  Houfe, 
lying  up  and  flown  the  River.  As  the  Wind  blew  very  cold 
at  N.  W.  and  we  were  very  weary,  and  hungry,  the  Swift- 
aiefs  of  the  Current  gave  us  fome  caufe  to  fear ;  but,  at  la  ft, 
We  concluded  to  venture  over  that  Night.  Accordingly, 
we  ftripp'd,  and  with  great  Difficulty,  (by  God's  Affiftance) 
got  fafe  to  the  North-fide  of  the  famous  /&a-River,  by 
fome  called  Reatfan  ;  the  Indians  differing  in  the  Names  of 
Places,  according  to  their  feveral  Nations.  It  is  call'd  Hau- 
River,  from  the  Sijfifahau  Indians?  who  dwell  upon  this 
.Stream,  which  is  one  of  the  main  Branches  of  Cafe-Fair, 
<there  being  rich  Land  enough  to  contain  forne  Thousands  of 

Fa- 


(  55  ) 


Families  i  for  which  Reafon,  I  hope,  in  a  fliort  tune,  u 
will  be  planted.  This  River  is  much  fuch  another  W&gm 
both  feeming  to  run  a  vaft  way  up  the  Country..  Here  is 
pk  ty  Tf  good  Timber,  and  efpecially  of  a  Scaly-barkU 
Oak  •;  And  as  there  is  Stone  enough  in  both  Rivers,  and  the 
Land  is  extraordinary  Rich,  no  Man  that  will  be  content 
within  the  Bounds  of  Reafon,  can  have  any  grounds  to  dif- 
like  it.  And  they  that  are  otherwife,  are  the  belt  Neigh- 
bours, when  far  theft  of. 

As  foonas  it   was  day,   we  fet  cut  for  the  Achonechy-Sm^. 
Town    it  being,  by  Eftimatiwi,  20  Miles  off,  which,  I  be- 
lieve, is  pretty  exaft.     We  were  got  about  half  way,  (meet- 
ing great  Gangs  of  Turkies)  when  we  few,  at  a  Diftance,  30 
loaded  Horfes,  coming  on  the  Road,  with  four  or  live  Men, 
on  other  Jades,  driving  them.    We  charg'd  our  Piece,  and 
went  up  to  them:    Enquiring,  whence  they  came  rrom  i 
They  told  us,  from  Virginia.    The  leading  Man's  Name  was 
Mafley    who  was  born  about  Leeds  in  Torkfhire.    He  ask  d, 
from  whence  we  came  ?  We  told  him.    Then  he  ask'd  again, 
Whether  we  wanted  any  thing  that  he  had  ?  telling  us,  we 
fhould  be  welcome  to  it.    We  accepted  of  Two  Wheaten 
Biskets,  and  a  little  Ammunition.    He  advifed  us,  by  all 
means,  to  ftrike  down  the  Country  for  Ronoack,  and  not  think 
of  V-vrini^  becaufe  of  the  Sinnagers,  of  whom  they  were  a- 
fl-aid^tho'  fo  well  arm'd,  and  numerous.    They  perfuaded 
us  alfo,  to  call  upon  one  Enoe  Will,  as  we  went  to  Ad(hujheer^ 
for  that  he  would  conduct  us  fafe  among  the  Etiglijb,  giving 
him  theCharadter  of  a  very  faithful  Indian7which  we  afterwards 
found  true  by  Experience.  The  Firgim^Men  asking  our  Opi- 
nion of  the  Country  we  were  then  in  ?  we  told  them,  it  was  a 
very  pleafant  one.  They  were  all  of  the  fame  Opinion,  and  af- 
firm'd,That  they  had  never  feen.20  Miles  of  fuch  extraordina- 
ry rich  Land,  lying  all  together,  like  that  betwixt  Hau*R\yer-~ 
and  the  Achmechy  Town.   Having  taken  our  Leaves  of  each  o- 
ther,we  fet  forward  -,  and  the  Country,  thro'  which  wepafs'd, 
was  fo  delightful,  that  it  gave  us  a  great  deal  of  Satisfa&ion* 
About  1  hi-ee  a  Clock,  we  reaCh'd  the  Town,  and  the  Indi-. 
ans  prefently  brought  us  good  fat  Bear,  and  Venifon,  which, 
was   very    acceptable  at  that   time.    Their  Cabins  were, 
hung  with  a  good  fort  of  Tapeftry,  as  fat  Bear,  and, bar-, 
bakued  or  dried  Venifon;    no  Indians  having  greater  Plea->      - 

I  .    ty 


c  mi 


H  i' > 


ty  of  Provifions  than  thefe.  The  Savages  do,  indeed  ftill 
poffefs  the  Flower  of  Carolina ,  the  Englifi  enjoying  'only 
the  Fag- end  of  that  ..fine  Country.  We  had  not  been  in 
the  Town  2  Hours,  w  hen  jEwc-W^/7  came  into  the  King's  Ca- 
bin ;  which  was  our  Quarters.  We  ask?d  him,  if  he  would 
conduft  us  to  the  Englijh,  and  what  he  would  have  for  his 
Pains ,  he  anfwer'd,  he  would  go  along  with  us,  and  for 
what  lie  was  to  have,  he  left  that  to  our  Difcretion. 
Mtndw.  The  next  Morning,  we  fetout,  with  Enoc-Will,  towards 
Adjlmfoeer,  leaving  the  Virginia  Path,  and  ftriking  more  to 
the  Eaftward,  for  Ronoack.  Several  Indians  were  in  our  Com- 
pany belonging  to  Will's  Nation,  who  are  the  Shoccories,  mixt 
with  the  Enoe-Indians,  and  thofe  of  the  Nation  of  Adjliu- 
fiieer.  Enoe-WMis  their  chief  Man,  and  rules  as  far  as  the 
Banks  of  Reatkin.  It  was  a  fad  ftony  Way  to  Adjhujheer. 
We  went  over  a  fmall  River  by  Achonechy,  and  in  this 
14  Miles ,  through  feveral  other  Streams ,  which  empty 
themfelves  into  the  Branches  of  Cape-Fair.  The  ftony  Way 
made  me  quite  lame ,  fo  that  I  was  an  Hour  or  two  behind 
the  reft  \  but  honeft  Will  would  not  leave  me,  but  bid  me 
welcome  when  we.  came  to  his  Houfe,'  lifting  us  with  hot 
Bread,  and  Bears^Oil ;  which  is  wholfomeFood  for  Travel- 
lers. There  runs  a  pretty  Rivulet  by  this  Town.  Near 
the  Plantation,  I  faw  a  prodigious  overgrown  Pine-Tree, 
having  not  feen  any  of  that  Sort  of  Timber  for  above  125 
Miles :  They  brought  us  2  Cocks,  and  pull'd  their  larger 
Feathers  off,  never  plucking  the  letter,  but  iingeing  them  off*. 
I  took  one  of  thefe  Fowls  in  my  Hand,  to  make  it  cleaner 
than  the  Indian  had,  pulling  out  his  Guts  and  Liver,  which 
I  laid  in  a  Bafon;  notwithftanding  which,  he  keptfuch  a 
Struggling  for  a  confiderable  time,tbat  I  had  much  ado  to  hold 
him  in  my  Hands.  The  Indians  laugh'd  at  me,  and  told  me, 
that  Ense-Will  had  taken  a  Cock  of  an  Indian  that  was  not 
at  home,  and  the  Fowl  was  defign'd  for  another  Ufe.  I  con- 
jedur'd,  that  he  was  defign'd  for  an  Offering  to  their  God, 
who,they  fay,  hurts  thcm,(which  is  the  Devil.;)  In  this  Strug- 
gling, he  bled  afrefh,  and  there  ifiued  out  of  his  Body  more 
Blood  than. commonly  fuch  Creatures  afford.  Notwithftand- 
;  ing  all  this,  we  coak'd  him,  and  eat  him  \  and  if  he  was  de- 
fign'd for  him,  cheated  the  Devil.  The  Indians  keep  many 
Cocks.,  but  feldom  above  one  Hen,  ufing  very  often  fuch 
wicked  Sacrifices,  as  I  miftrufted  this  Fowl  was  defign'd  for. 

Our 


_       C  57  ) 

Our  Guide  and  Landlord  Etioe-WM  was  of  the  belt  and  molt 
agreeable  Temper  that  ever  I  met  with  in  an  Indian,  being  al- 
ways ready  to  fervethe  Englijh,  not  out  of  Gain,  but  real 
AfFe&ion :, which  makes  him  apprehenfive  of  being  poifon'd  by 
fome  wicked  Indians,  and  was  therefore  very  earnefl:  with  me,  \ 
to  promife  him  to  revenge  his  Death,  if  it  mould  fo  happen. 
He  brought  fome  of  his  chief  Men  into  his  Cabin,  and  2  of 
them  having  a  Drum,  and  a  Rattle,  fung  by  us,  as  we  lay 
in  Bed,  and  ftruck  up  their  Mufick  to  ferenade  and  welcome 
us  to  their  Town.  And  tho'at  laft,  we  fell  afleep,  yet  they 
continu'd  their  Confort  till  Morning.  Thefe  Indians  are  for- 
tify'd  in,  as  the  former,  and  are  much  addi&ed  to  a  Sport  they 
call  Chenco,  which  is  carry'd  on  with  a  Staff  and  a  Bowl  made 
of  Stone,  which  they  trundle  upon  a  fmooth  Place,  like  a 
Bowling-Green,  made  for  that  Purpofe*  as  I  have  mention'd 
before. 

Next  Morning,  we  fet  out,  with  our  Guide,  and  feveral7«e/%. 
other  Indians,  who  intended  to  go  to  thtEnglifh,  and  buy  Rum. 
Wedefign'dfor -a  Nation  about  40  Miles  from  Adfi>i$iee?\ 
call'd  the  Lower  Quarter  :  The  firft  Night,  we  lay  in  a  rich " 
Terkofon,  or  low  Ground,   that  was  hard-by  a  Creek,  and 
good  dry  Land. 

The  next  day,  we  went  over  feveral  Tf  a&s  of  rich  Land,^^/- 
but  fnixM  with  Pines  and  other  indifferent  Soil.    In  our  way,^> 
.there  flood  a  great  Stone  about  the  Size  of  a  large  Oven,  and 
hollow  j  this    the  Indians   took  great  Notice  cf,    putting 
fome  Tobacco  into  the  Concavity,  and  fpitting  after  it.    I 
ask'd  them  the  Reafon  of  their  fo  doing,  but  they  made  me  - 
no  Anfwer.    In  the  Evening,  we  pafs'd  over  a  pleafant  Rivu- 
let, with  a  fine  gravelly  Bottom,  having  come  over  fuGh  ano- 
ther that  Morning.   On  the  other  fide  of  this  River,  we  found 
the  Indian  Town,  which  was  a  Parcel  of  nafty  fmoaky  Holes, 
much  like  the  Waterrees  ;  their  Town  having  a  great  Swamp 
running  dire&ly  through  the  Middle  thereof.      The  Land 
here  begins  to  abate  of  its  Height,  and  has  Fome  few  Swamps. 
Moil  of  thefe  Indians  have  but  one  Eye  •,  but  what  Mifchance 
or  Quarrel  has  bereav'd  them  of  the  other  I  could  not  learn. 
They  were  not  fo  free  to  us,   as  molt  of  the  other  Indians' 
had  been  :,  Victuals  being  fomewha't  fcarce  among  them. 
However,  we  got  enough  to  fatisfy  our  Appetites,    i  law, 
among- thefe  Men,  very  long  Arrows,  headed  with  Pieces  of 

I  "  Glafs, 


'T 


Thar  [day. 
Friday,. 


1 1  ! 

iili 


(58)  

Giafs,  which  they  had  broken  from  Bottles.  They  had  ihap'd  them 
neatly,  like  tire  Head  of  a  Dart ,•  but  which  way  they  did  it,  I  can't 
tell.  ,  We  had  not  been  at  this  Town  above  an  Hour,  when  two  of  our 
Company,  that  had  bought  a  Mare  of  John  Stewart,  came  up  to  us,, 
having  receiv'd  a  Letter  by  one  of  Will's  Indians,  who  was  very  cautious, 
and  asked  a  great  many  Queftions,  to  certifie  him  of  the  Perfon,  e'er 
he  would  deliver  the  Letter.  They  had  left  the  Trader,  and  one  that 
came  from  South- Carolina  with  us,  to  go  to  Virginia  •  thefe  Two  be- 
ing  refolved  to  go  to  Carolina  with  us. 

This  Day  fell  much  Rain,  fo  we  feid  at  the  Indian  Town. 
This  Morning,  we  fet  Out  early,  being  four, Englifo- Men,  befides 
ieveral  Indians.  We  went  10  Miles,  and  were  then  ftopp'djsy  the 
Freihes  of  22/w-River,  which  had  rais'd  it  fo  high,  that  we  could  not 
pafs  over,  till  it  was  fallen.  I  enquir'd  of  my  Guide,  Where  this  Ri- 
ver difgorg'd  it  felf  ?  He  faid,  It  was  £«op- River,  and  run  into  a. 
Place^caU'd  -Ewe-Bay,  near  liis  Country,  which  he  left  when  he  was 
a  Boy  ;  by  which  I  perceiv'd,he  was  one  of  the  Cores  by  Birth  :  This  - 
being  a  Branch  of  ATf«j-River. 

Saturday.  This  Day,  our  Fellow-Traveller's  Mare  ran  away  from  him;  where- 
fore, V¥ill  went  back  as  far  as  the  lower  Quarter,  and  brought  her 
back. 

Sunday,  The  next  Day,  early,  came  two  Tushmro  Indians  to  the  other  fide 
of  the  River,  but  could  not  get  over.  They  talk'd  much  to  us,  but 
we  uhderflood  them  not.  In  the  Afternoon,  Will  came  with  the  Mare, 
and  had  Tome  Difcourfe  with  them  t,  they  told  him,  The  Englijh,  to 
whom  he  was  going,  were  very  wicked  People ;  and,  That  they 
,  fhjea.tned  the  Indians  for  Hunting  near  their  Plantations.  Thefe  Two 
FelieAvs  were  going  among  the  Schoccores  and  Achoncchy  Indians,  to 
fell  their  Wooden  Bowls  and  Ladles  for  Raw-Skins,  which  they  make 
great  Advantage  of,  hating  that  any  of  thefe  Weftward  Indians  ihould 
have  any  Commerce  with  the  Englifb,  which  would  prove  a  Hinde- 
rance  to  their  Gains.  Their  Stories  deterr'd  anOldlndian  and  his  Son, 
from  going  any  farther  ;  but  Will  told  us,  Nothing  they  had  faid  ihould . 
frighten  him,  he  believing  them  to  be  a  couple  of  Hog-ftealers  ;  •  and 
that  the  Englifb  only  fought  Reflitution  of  their  Lofies,  by  them  ;  and 
that  this  was  the  only  ground  for  their  Report.  Will  had  a  Slave,  a  - 
Si/jlpahan- Indian  by  Nation,  who  killed  us  fevcral  Turiues,  and  other 
Game,  on  which  we  feaired. 

Monday.-,       This  River  is  near  as  large  as  Reatlin  •  the  South-fide  having  curious 

.     ;•'         Tracts  of  good  Land,  the  Banfehigh,  and  Stone-Quarries.     TheTuf- 
ftemros  being  come  to  us,  we  vJeittur  d  over  the  River,  which  we  found 
to  be  a  itrong  Current,  and  thas^ater  about  Breafl-high.  .  However,, 
)  we  all  got  fafe  to  the  North-Shore,   which  is  but  poor,  white,  fandy 
Land,  and  bears  no  Timber,  but  fmall  lh-rubby  Oaks.   We  went  about 
10  Miles,  and  fat  down  at  the  Falls  of  a  krge  Creek,  where  lay  migh- 
'   '       ty  Rocks.,  the  Water  making  a  firange  Noiie,  as  if  a  great  many  Wa- 
ter- 


(  59  ) 

ter-Mills  were  going  at  once.  I  take  this  to  be  the  Falls  of 
Neut-Cictk,  called  by  the  Indians,  Wee  quo  Whom.  We  lay  here 
all  Wight.  '  My  Guide  Witt  deliring  to  fee  the  Book  that  1  had  a- 
bout  pie,  1  lent  it  him  ;  and  as  he  foon  found  the  Piflure  of  King 
David  he  asked  me  feveral  Questions  concerning  the  Book^and  1 1- 
aure,  which  I  refolv'd  him,  and- invited  him  to  become  a  Chriftiaii. ._ 
Ke  made  me  a  very  fharp  Reply,  alluring  me,  That  he  lov'd  the  Ea«~ 
/;//?  extraordinary  well,  and  did  believe  their  Ways  to  be  very  good 
for  thofe  that  had  already  pra&is'd  them,  and  had  been  brought. up; 
therein  ;  But  as  for  himfelf,  he  was  too  much  in  Years  to  think  of 
a  Chang'e,  efteeming  it  not  proper  for  OldPeople  to  admit  of  fuch  an 
Alteration.  -  However,  he  told  me,  If  1  would  take  hisSon  gdci,  who 
was  then  about  14  Years  of  Age,  and  teach  him  to  talk  in  that  Book,, 
and  make  Paper  fpeak,  which  they  call  our  Way  of  Writing,  he  would 
wholly  refign  him  K>  my  Tuition  5  telling  me,  he  was  of  Opinion,  I 
Was  very  well  affefted  to  the  Indians.  ■ 

The  next  Morning,  we  fet  out  early,  and  I  perceiv  d  that  thefe  In-Tuefhj. 
dims  were  in  fome  fear  of  Enemies  ;    for  they  had  an  Old  Man  with 
them,  who  was  very  cunning  and  circumfpeft,  wherefoever  he  faw 
any  Marks  of  Footing,  or  of  any  Fire  that  had  been  made  ;  going  out 
of  his  Way,  very  often,  to  look  for  thefe  Marks.     We  went,  this  day,, 
above  30  Miles,    over  a  very  level  Country,  and  moft  Pine  Land, 
yet  intermix  d  with  fome  Quantities  of  Marble  ;    a  good  Range  for 
Cttel,  though  very  indifferent  for  Swine.    We  had  now  loft  our  ra- 
pid Streams,  and  were  come  to  How,  dead  Waters,  of  a  brown  Co-      ; 
lour,  proceeding  from  the  Swamps,  much  like  the  Sluices  in  Holland, 
where  the  Track- Scoots   go  along.     In  the  Afternoon,    we  mettio      v 
Tmhruros,  who  told  us,  That  there  was  a  Company  of  Hunters  not 
far  of,  and  if  we  -walk'd  ftoutly,  we  might  reach  them  that  Night.   . 
But  Will  and  He  that  own'd  the  Mare,  being  gone  before,  and  the 
Old  Indian  tired,   we  refted,  that  Night,  in  the  Woods,   making  a:      • 
good  light  Fire,  Wood  being  very  plentiful  in  thefe  Parts.        <  '..<  - . 
3  Next  Day,   about  10  a  Clock,  we  fbruck  ,out  of  -the  Way,  by.  the  Weim\- 
Advice  of  our  Old  Indian.    We  had  not  gone  pafl  two  Miles,  e'er  vieday. . 
met  with  about  500.  Ttuhruros  in  one  Hunting-Quarter.  '  They  had 
made  themfelves  Streets  of  Houfes,  built  with  Pine- Bark,  not  with 
round- Tops,   as  they  commonly  ufe,  but  B.idge-Fafhion,  after  the 
manner  of"  moft  othci  Indians.    We' got  nothing  amongft  them  but 
Corn,   Flefii  being  not  plentiful,  by  reafon  of  the  great  Number, of 
their  People.     For  tho'they  are  expert  Hunters,  yet  they  are  too  po- 
paloifs  for  one  Range  ;    which  makes  Venifon  veiy-fcarce  to  what  it 
is  "irougft  other  Indians,  that  are  fewer  ;    no  Savages,  living  fo'.  well 
fniTii^ty,  as- thofe  near  -die  Sea.     I  faw,  amongft  thefe,  a  "Hump- 
back1 d  Indian,  which  was  the  only  crooked  one   I  ever  met  withal. . 
About  two  a  Clock,  we  reach'd  one  of  their  Towns,  in  which  there 
was  no  body  left,  but  an  Old  Woman  or  two  ;  the  reft  being  gone  to _. 

theix . 


fmrfday. 


■;:f  ii 


. 


; (  fo  > , __ 

their  Hunting- Quarters.  We  could  find  no  Provifion  at  that  Place. 
We  had  a  Tushruro  that  came  in  company  with  us,  from  the  lower 
Quarter,  who  took  us  to  his  Cabin,  and  gave  us  what  it  afforded, 
which  was  Corn- meat. 

This  Day,  we  pafs'd  through  feveral  Swamps,  and  going  not  above 
a  dozen  Miles,  came  to  a  Cabin,  the  Mafter  whereof  us'd  to  trade  a- 
mongft  the  Englijh.  He  told  us,  If  we  would  flay  Two  Nights,  he 
would  conduct  us  fafe  to  them,  himfelf  designing,  at  that  time,  to  go 
and  fetch  fome  Rum  ;  fo  we  refolvedto  tarry  for  his  Company.  During 
our  Stay,  there  happen'd  to  be  a  Young  Woman  troubled  with  Fits. 
The  Doctor  who  was  fent  for  to  affift  her,  laid  her  on  her  Belly,  and 
made  a  fmall  Incifion  withRattle-Snake-Teeth ;  then  laying  his  Mouth 
to  the  Place,  he  fuck'd  out  near  a  Quart  of  black  conglutinated  Blood, 
and  Serum.  Our  Landlord  gave  us  the  Tail  of  a  Eever,  which  was  a 
choice  Food.  There  happen'd  alfo  to  be  a  Burial  of  one  of  their 
Dead,  which  Ceremony  is  much  the  fame  with  that  of  the  Santees, 
who  make  a  great  Feaft  at  the  Interment  of  their  Corps.  The  fmall 
Runs  of  Water  hereabout,  afford  great  Plenty  of  Craw-Fifh,  full  as 
large  as  thofe  in  England,  and  nothing  inferior  in  Goodnefs. 
Saturday.  Saturday  Morning,  our  Patron,  with  Enoe  Will,  and  his  Servant,  fet 
out  with  us,  for  the  Englijh.  In  the  Afternoon,  we  ferried  over  a 
River,  (in  a  Canoe)  called  by  the  Indians,  Chstwhu,  which  is  the 
N.  W.  Branch  of  Nens-Rxvef.  We  lay  in  the  Swamp,  where  fome  In- 
dians invited  us  to  go/to  their  Quarters,  which  fome  of  our  Company 
accepted,  but  got  nothing  extraordinary,  except  a  dozen  Miles  March 
out  of  their  Way  :  The  Country  here  is  very  thick  of  Indian  Towns 
and  Plantations.  ^ 

We  were  forced  to  march,  this  day,  for  Want  of  Provisions.  About 
10  a  Clock,  we  met  an  Indian  that  had  got  a  parcel  of  Shad-Fifh  rea- 
dy barbaku'd.  We  bought  24  of  them,  for  a  drefs'd  Doe-Skin,  and 
fo  went  on,  through  many  Swamps,  finding,  this  day,  the  long  ragged 
Mofs  on  the  Trees,  which  we  had  not  feen  for  above  600  Miles. 
In  libel  Afternoon,  we  came  upon  the  Banks  of  Pampticough,  about  20 
Miles  above  the  En^lifi  Plantations  by  Water,  though  not  fo  far  by 
Land.  The  Indian  found  a  Canae,  which  he  had  hidden,  in  which  we 
all  got  over,  and  went  about  fee  Miles  farther.  We  lay,  that  Night, 
under  two  or  three  Pieces  of  Barkj  at  the  Foot  of  a  large  Oak.  There 
fell  abundance  of  Snow  and  Rain  in  the  Night,  with  much  Thunder 
and  Lightning.  - 

Next  Day,  it:  clear'dup,  and  it  being  about  12 Miles  to  theEnglifo, 
about  half-way  we  paned  overa  deep  Lreek,  and  came  fafe  to  Mr.  Ri- 
cloard  Smith's,  of  Pamptkough-Wivzr,  in  North- Carolina  ;  where  be- 
ing well  receiv'd  by  the  Inhabitants,  and  pleas'd  with  the  Goodneis 
©f  the  Country,  we  all  refolv'd  to  continue, 

f  i  n  i  sr 


Sunday: 


6i 


A 

DESCRIPTION 

O  F 

-CAROLINA. 


H  £  Province  of  Carolina  is  feparated  Cam- 
from  Virginia  by   a   due  Weft-Line ,  H?a:f" 
which  begins  at  Curritu  d-lnlet,  in  %6^mm^ 
Degrees ,  30  Minutes,  of  Northern- 
Latitude,  and  extends  indefinitely  to 
the  Weftward  ,    and  thence   to   the 
Southward,  as  far   as  29  Degrees; 
which  is  a  vaft  Traft  of  Sea-Coaft. 
But  having  already  treated,  as  far  as 
is  neceflary,.  concerning  South- Carolina,  I  fhall  confine  my- 
lelf,  in  the  enfuing  Sheets,  to  give  my  Reader  a  Defcription 
of  that    Part  of   the  Country  only,    which  lies  betwixt 
Cvrrituch  and  Cape-Fair,  and  is  almoft  34  Deg.  North.  *  And 
this  is  commonly  call'd  North  Carolina. 

This  Part  of  Carolina  is  faced  with  a  Chain  of  Sand-Banks, 
which  defends  it  from  the  Violence  and  Infults  of  the  Atlan- 
tick  Ocean  ♦,  by  which  Barrier,  a- vaft  Sound  is  hemm'd  in, 
.  which  fronts  the  Mouths  of  the  Navigable  and  Pleafant  Ri- 
vers of  this  Fertile  Country,  and  into  which  they  difgorge 
themfelves.  Thro'  the  fame  are  Inlets  of  feveral  Depths  of  inlets, 
Water.  Some  of  their  Channels  admit  only  of  Sloops,  Bri- 
gantines,  fmall  Barks,  and  Ketches  %  and  fuch  are  Currituck, 
Ronoak-,  and  up  the  Sound  above  Hatteras :  Whilft  others 
can  receive  Ships  of  Burden,  as  Ocacocly  Toffail-lnlQt,  and 
-Cape-Fair  j  as  appears  by  my  Chart. 

K  The 


62 


A  Description 


■iJAtitrai 
Indians. 


11 II 


I 


Fhft  Colo-  The  firft  Difcovery  and  Settlement  of  this  Country  was 
tiyof  Ca-foy  the  procurement  of  SirN Walter  Raleigh,  in  Conjunction 
rolna.  wlth  fome  publick-fpirited  Gentlemen  of  that  Age,  under 
the  Protection  of  Queen  Elizabeth  ;  for  which  Reafon  it  was 
then  named  Virginia,  being  begun  on  that  Part  called  Ro- 
w^-Ifiand,,  where  the  Ruins  of  a  Fort  are  to  be  feen 
at  this  day,  '  as  well  as  fome  old  English  Coins  which 
have  been  lately  found  ;  and  a  Brafs-Gun,  a  Powder-Horn, 
and  one  fmall  Quarter  deck-Gun,  made  of  Iron  Staves,  and 
hoop'd  with  the  fame  Metal ;  which  Method  of  making 
Guns  might  very  probably  be  made  ufe  of  in  thofe  Days3 
for  the  Convenience  of  Infant-Colonies. 

A  farther  Confirmation  of  this  we  have  from  the  Hat- 
teras  Indians,  who  either  then  lived  on  Ronoak-lftand,  or 
much  frequented  it.    Thefe  tell  us,  that  feveral  of  their 
Anceftors  were  white  People,  and  could  talk  in  a  Book,  as 
we  do  ,  the  Truth  of  which  is  confirm'd  by  gray  Eyes  be- , 
ing  found  frequently  amongft  thefe  Indians,  and  no  others* 
They  value  themfelves  extremely  for  their  Affinity  to  the 
Englijh,  and  are  ready* to  do  them  all  friendly  Offices.     It 
is  probable,   that  this  Settlement  mifcarry'd  for  want  of 
timely  Supplies  from  England ,   or  thro'  the  Treachery  of 
the  Natives,  for  we  may  reafonably  fuppofe  that  the  Englijh 
were  forced  to  cohabit  with  them,  for  Relief  and  Conven- 
tion -,  and  that  in  procefs  of  Time,  they  conform'd  themfelves 
to  the  Manners  of  their  Indian  Relations.    And  thus  we  fee, 
how  apt  Humane  Nature  is  to  degenerate. 

I  cannot  forbear  inferting  here,  a  pleafant  Story  that  paf- 
fes  for  an  uncontefted  Truth  amongft  the  Inhabitants  of 
this  Place ,  which  is,  that  the  Ship  which  brought  the  firft 
Colonies,  does  often  appear  amongft  them,  under  Sail,  in 
a  gallant  Pofture,  which  they  call  Sir  Walter  Raleigh's  Ship  ^ 
And  the  truth  of  this  has  been  affirm'd  to  me,  by  Men  of 
jhe  belt  Credit  in  the  Country. 

A  fecond  Settlement  of  this  Country  was  made  about 

Secernent  fifty  Years  ago,  in  that  part  we  now  call  Albemarl- County, 

of  North-  aIK}  chiefly  in  Chuxvon  Precinft,  by  feveral  fubftantial  Plan- 

Ca:olina- ters,  from  Virginia,  and  other   Plantations-,   Who  finding 

mild  Winters,  and  a  fertile  Soil,  beyond  Expectation,  pro- 

■  dacing  every  thing  that  was  planted,  to  a  prodigious  In- 

creafe  j  their  Cattle,  Horfes,  Sheep,  and  Swine,  breeding 

,     very 


Sir  Wal- 
ter Ra- 
leigh'i 

Ship, 


Second 


of  North-Carolina. 


6? 


very  faft,  and  pafling  the  Winter,  without  any  Aflifrance 
from  the  Planter  \  fo  that  every  thing  feenVd  to  come  by 
Nature,  the  Husbandman  living  alrnoft  void  of  Care,  and 
free  from  thofe  Fatigues  which  are  abfolutely  req'iifite  in 
Winter-Countries,  for  providing  Fodder  and  other  Necefla- 
ries  j  thefe  Encouragements  indued  them  to  Hand  their 
Ground,  altho'  but  a  handful  of  People,  feated  at  great 
Diftances  one  from  another,  and  amidft  a  vaft  nunfber  of 
Indians  of  different  Nations,  who  were  then  in  Car  din  a. 
Neverthelefs,  I  fay,  the  Fame  of  this  new-difcover'd  Sum- 
mer-Country fpread  thro'  the  neighbouring  Colonies,  and, 
in  a  few  Years,  drew  a  confiderable  Number  of  Families 
thereto,  who  all  found  Land  enough  to  fettle  themfelves  in, - 
(had  they  been  many  Thoufands  more)  and  that  which  was 
very  good  and  commodioufly  ieated,  both  for  Profit  and  ^ 
Pleafure.  And  indeed,  molt  of  the  Plantations  in  Carolina  piearm. 
naturally  enjoy  a  noble  Prolpect  of  large  and  fpacious  Ri-  nefrnf 
vers,  pleafant  Savanna's,  and  fine  Meadows,  with  their  Carolina. 
green  Liveries,  interwoven  with  beautiful  Flowers,  of  molt 
glorious  Colours,  which  the  feveral  Seafons  afford  -,  hedg'd 
in  with  pleafant  Groves  of  the  ever-famous  Tulip-tree,  the 
ftately  Laurel,  and  Bays,  equalizing  the  Oak  in  Bignefs  and 
Growth  ^  Myrtles,  Jeflamines,  Wood-bines,  Honyfuckles, 
and  feveral  other  fragrant  Vines  and  Ever-greens,  whofe 
afpiring  Branches  fhadow  and  interweave  themfelves  with 
the  loftieft  Timbers,  yielding  a  pleafant  Profpedt,  Shade  and 
Smell,  proper  Habitations  for  the  Sweet-finging^irds,  that 
melodioufly  entertain  fuch  as  travel  thro'theWoods  of  Carolina. 

The  Planters  poffefTing  all  thefe  Bleflings,  and  the  Pro- 
duce of  great  Quantities  of  Wheat  and  Indian  Com,  in 
which  this  Country  is  very  fruitful,  as  likewife  in  Beef, 
Pork,  Tallow,  Hides,  Defr-Skins,  and  Furs  %  for  thefe 
Commodities  the  New-England-Men  and  Bermudians  vifited 
Carolina  in  their  Barks  and  Sloops,  and  carry'd  out  what 
they  made,  bringing  them,  in  Exchange,  Rum,  Sugar,  Salt, 
MolofTes,  and  fome  wearing  Apparel,  tho' the  laft  at  very 
extravagant  Prices.       , 

As  the  Land  is  very  fruitful,  foare  the ;  Planters  kind 
and  hofpitable  to  all  that  come  to  vifit  them  ;  there  being 
very  few  Houfekeepers,  but  what  live  very  nobly,  and 
-give  away  more  Provifions  to  Coafters  and  Guefts   who 

.  K  -2  come 


64. 


^— — M— — a»— MMWh^MI    ITT1     llll      111        J   M, 

^4  Description 


come  to  fee  them,  thaa  they  expend  amongft  their  own 
Families. 

Of  the  Inlets  and  Havens  of  this  Country. 

Curri-  The  Bar  of  Currituck  being  the  Northermoft  of  this. 
tuck  Met. Country,  prefents  itfelf  firft  to  be  treated  of.  It  lies  in 
36  deg.  30  min.  and  the  Courfe  over  is  S.  W.  by  W.  having 
not  above  feven  or, eight  Foot  on  the  Bar,  trio' a  good 
Harbour,  when  you  are  over,  where  you  may  ride  fafe,  and 
deep  enough  •,  but  this  Part  of  the  Sound  is  fo  full  of  Shoals, 
as  not  to  fuffer  any  thing  to  trade  thro'  it,  that  draws  a- 
.,  bove  three  Foot  Water,  which  renders  it  very  incommodi- 
ous. However,  this  affects  but  fome  part  of  the  Country, 
and  may  be  eafily  remedied,  by  carrying  their  Produce,  in, 
finall  Craft,  down  to  the  Vefiels,  which  ride  near  the  Inlet. 
Ronoak  Ronoak  Inlet  has  Ten  Foot  Water  r  the  Courfe  over  the 
inlet...  Bar  is  almolt  W.  which  leads  you  thro'  the  belt  of  the  Chan- 
nel. This  Bar,  as  well  as  Currituck^  often  Mfts  by  the  Vio- 
lence of  the  N.  E.  Storms,  both  lying  expos'd  to  thofe 
Winds.  Notwithstanding  which,  a  confiderable  Trade 
might  be  carry'd  on,  provided  there  was  a  Pilot  to  bring 
them  in ;  for  it  lies  convenient  for  a  large  Part  of  this  Co- 
lony, wliofe  Product  would  very  eafily  allow  of  that  Charge  y 
Lat.  35  deg.  5a  min. 
Hatteras  The  Inlet  of  Hatter  as  lies  to  the  Weftward  of  the  Cape,\ 
Met.  round  which  is  an  excellent  Harbour.  When  the  Wind  blows 
liard  at  N.  or  N.  E.  if  you  keep  a  fmall  League  from  the 
Cape-Point,  you  will  have  3,  4,  and-5;  Fathom,  the  outer- 
moft  Shoals  lying  about  7  or  8  Leagues  from  Shoar.  As 
you  come  into  the  Inlet,  keep  clofe  to  the  South  Breakers^ 
till  you  are  over  the  Bar,  whe§p  you  will  have  two  Fathom 
at  Low- Water.  You  may  come  to  an  Anchor  in  two  Fa- 
shorn  and  a  Half  when  you  are  over,  thenfteer  over  clofe 
aboard  the  North  Shoar,  where  is  four  Fathom,  clofe  to  a 
Point  of  Marfh;  then  fteer  up  the  Sound  a  long  League, 
till  you  bring  the  North  Cape  of  the  Inlet  to  bear  S.S.Ei 
half  E.  then  fleer  W.  N.  W-  the  Eaft-point  of  Bluff- Land 
at  Hamras  bearing  E.  N.  E.  the  Southermoft  large  Ham- 
mock towards  Ocacock,  bearing  S.  S.  W.  half  S.  then  you  are 
_  iji  the  Sound,  over  the  Bar  of  Sand,  whereon,  is  but  6  Foot 

Water  1 


of  North-Carolina. 


Water  •,  then  your  Courfe  to  Pampticough  is  almoft  Weft. 
It  flows  on  thefe  three  Bars  §.  E.  by  E>i  E.  about  Eight  of 
the  Clock,  unlefs  there  is  a  hard  Gale  of  Wind  at  N.  E. 
which  will  make  it  flow  two  hours  longer ;  but  as  foon  as 
the  Wind  is  down,  the  Tides  will  have  their  natural  Courfe : 
A  hard  Gale  at  N.  or  N.  W.  will  make  the  Water  ebb 
fometimes  24  hours,  but  ftill  the  Tide  will  ebb  and 
flow,  tho'  not  feen  by  the  turning  thereof,  but  may  be 
feen  by  the  Rifing  of  the  Water,  and  Falling  of  the  fame, 
Lat.  350  20".  ,  . 

Ocaeock  is  the  beft  Inlet  and  Harbour  yet  in  this  Country ;  ocacock 
and  has  1.3  Foot  at  Low-water  upon  the  Bar.  There  are  Ma. 
two  Channels  •,  one  is  but  narrow,  and  lies  dole  aboard  the 
South  Gape ;  the  other  in  the  Middle,  viz..  between  the  Middle 
Ground,  and  the  South  Shoar,  and  is  above  half  a  Mile 
wide.  The  Bar  itfelf  is  but  half  a  Cable's  Length  over,  and 
then  you  are  in  7  or  8  Fathom  Water ;  a  good  Harbour. 
The  Courfe  into  the  Sound  is  N.  N.  W.  At  High-water, 
and  Neap-tides,  here  is  18  Foot  Water.  It  lies  S.  W.  from 
Hatter  as  Inlet.     Lat.  35Q  8"- 

Top/ail  Inlet  is  above  two  Leagues  to  the  Weftward  of Topfail 
Cape  Look-out. .  You  have  a  fair  Channel  over  the  Bar,  aiKU»/«.  • 
two  Fathom  thereon,  and  a  good  Harbour  in  five  or  fix  Fa- 
thom to  come  to  an  Anchor.    Your  Courfe  over  this  Bar  is 
almoft  N.W.     Lat.  34°  44"- 

As  for  the  Inlet  and  River  of  Cape  Fair,  I  cannot  give  youcape 
abetter  Information  thereof,  than  has  been  already  deli-  Fair  Met- 
ver'd  by  the  Gentlemen,  who  were  fent  on  purpofe,  from  mi  River,. 
JBarhados,to  make  aDifcovery  of  thatRiver,in  the  Year  \66$. 
which  is  thus. 

From  Tuefday  the  29th  of  September,  to  Friday-  the  id  of 
OBober,  we  rang'd  along  the  Shoar  from  Lat.  32  deg.  20  min. 
to  Lat.  33  deg.  11  min.  but  could  difcern  no  Entrance  for 
our  Ship?  after  we  had  pafs'd  to  the  Northward  of  32  deg. 
40  min.  On  Saturday,  Ottob.  3.  a  violent  Storm  overtook 
as,  the  Wind  between  North  and  Eaft  ^  which  Eafterly. 
Winds  and  Foul  Weather  continu'd  till  Monday  the  12th  % , 
byfeafon  of  which  Storms  and  Foul  Weather,  we  were 
forced  to  get  off  to  Sea,  to  fecure  Our&lves  and  Ship,  and. 
were  driven  by  the  Rapidity  of  a  ftrong  Current  to  Cape 
Matteras  ia  Lat.. 3  <  deg,  30  min*    OR-Monday  the.  1 2th  afore- 

jj-    -'■"'  faidr. 


^Description 


I 

■ 


!  i 


i  !::::    I 


r'.    ■ 


fa  id,  we  came  to  an  Anchor  in  Teven  Fathom  at  Cape-Fair 
Road,  and  took  the  Meridian  Altitude  of  the  Sun,  and  were 
in  Latitude  33  deg.  43  min.  the  Wind  continuing  Hill  eafter- 
ly,  and  foul  Weather,  till  Thurfday  the  15th  5  and  on  Friday 
the  1 6th,  the  Wind  being  at  N.  W.  we  weigh'd  and  fail'd 
up  Cape  -Fair-River ,  fome  4  or  5  Leagues,  and  came  to  an 
Anchor  in  6  or  7  Fathom  ,  at  which  time  feveral  Indians  came 
on  board,  and  brought  us  great  Store  of  frefh  Fifh,  large 
Mullets,  young  Bafs,  S,hads,  and  feveral  other  Sorts  of  very 
good  well-tailed  Filh.  On  Saturday  the  1 7th,  we  went  down 
to  the  Cape,  to  fee  the  Englijh  Cattle,  but  could  not  find  'em, 
tho'  we  rounded  the  Cape  :  And  having  an  Indian  Guide  with 
us,  here  we  rode  till  Oft.  24.  The  Wind  being  againlt  us, 
we  could  not  go  up  the  River  with  our  Ship ;  but  went  on 
fhoar,  and  view'd  the  Land  of  thofe  Quarters.  On  Saturday , 
we  weigh'd,  and  fail'd  up  the  River  fome  4  Leagues,  or 
thereabouts.  Sunday  the  25th,  we  weigh'd  again,  and  row 'd 
up  the  River,  it  being  calm,  and  got  up  fome  14  Leagues 
from  the  Harbour's  Mouth,  where  we  mor'd  our  Ship.  On 
Monday  OB.  the  26th,  we  went  down  with  the  Yawl,  to  Ne*- 
coes,  an  Indian  Plantation,  and  view'd  the  Land  there.  On 
Tuefday  the  27th,  we  row'd  up  the  main  River,  with  our 
Long-Boat,  and  12  Men,  fome  10  Leagues,  or  thereabouts. 
On  Wednefday  the  28th,  we  row'd  up  about  8  or  to  Leagues 
more.  Thurfday  the  29th,  was  foul  Weather,  with  much 
Rain  and  Wind,"  which  forc'd  us  to  make  Huts,  and  lie  ftill. 
Friday  the  30th,  we  proceeded  up  the  main  River,  7  or  % 
Leagues.  Saturday  the  .3 1  ft,  we  got  up  3  or  4  Leagues  more, 
and  came  to  a  Tree  that  lay  crofs  the  River ;  butbecaufe 
our  Provifions  were  almoft  fpent,  we  proceeded  no  farther^ 
but  return'd  downward  before  Night,  and  on  Monday  the 
id  of  November,  we  came  aboard  our  Ship.  Tuefday  the  3d, 
we  lay  flill,  to  refrefh  ourfelves.  On  Wednefday  the  4th,  we 
went  5  or  6  Leagues  up  the  River,  to  fearch  a  Branch  that 
run  out  of  the  main  River  towards  the  N.  W.  In  which 
Branch  we  went  up  5  or  €  Leagues  \  but  notliking  the  Land, 
return'd  on  board  that  Night  about  Midnight,  I  and  call'd 
that  Place  Swampy-Branch.  Thurfday,  November  the  5th,  we 
ftay'd  aboard.  On  Friday  the  6th,  we  went -up  Greens-River, 
the  Mouth  of  it  being  againft  the  Place  at  which  rode  our 
Ship.    On  Saturday  the  7th,  we  proceeded  up  the  faid  River, 

fome 


of  North-Carolina. 


67 


fome  14 or  15  Leagues  in  all,  and  found  it  ended. in  feveral 
finall  Blanches  ;  The  Land,  for. the  moft  part,  being  marfhy 
and  Swamps,  we  returned  towards  our  Ship,  and  got  aboard 
it  in  the  Night.  Sunday  November  the  8th,  we  lay  Hill,  and 
on  Monday  the  9th,  went  again  up  the  main  River,  being  well 
ftock'd  with  Provifions,  and  all  things  necefTary,  and  pro- 
ceeded upwards  till  Thurfday  noon,  the  12th,  at  which 
time  we  came  to  a  Place,  where  were  two  Wands  in  the 
Middle  of  the  Rivera  and  by  reafon  af  the  Crookednefs  of 
the  River  at  that  Place,  feveral  Trees  lay  crofi  both  Bran- 
ches, which  ftop'd  the  PaiTage  of  each  Branch  fo  that  we 
could  proceed  no  farther  with  our  Boat *  but  went  up 
the  River  fide  by  Land,  fome  3  or  4  Miles,  and  found  the; 
River  wider  and  wider.  So  we  return'd,  leaving  it,  as  far 
as  we  could  fee  up  along  Reach,  running  N.E.  we  judging 
ourfelvesnear  fifty  Leagues  North  from  the  River  s  Mouth. 
In  our  Return,  we  view'd  the  Land  on  both  Sides  the  River, 
and  found  as  good  Trafts  of  dry,  -  well-wooded,  pleafant, 
and  delightfol  Ground,  as  we  have  feen  any  where  111  the 
World,  with  abundance  of  long  thick  Grafs  on  it,  the  Land 
beine  very  level,  with  fteep  Banks  on  both  Sides  the  River, 
,and  in  fome  Places  very  high,  the  Woods  ftor'd  every  where, 
'with  great  Numbers  of  Deer  and  Turkies,  we  never  going 
on  Shoar,  but  wefawof  each  Sort-,  as  alfo  great  Store  of 
Partridges,  Cranes,  and  Conies,  in  feveral  Places  y  we  like- 
wife  heard  feveral  Wolves  howling  in  the  Woods,  andfaw 
where  they  had  torn  a  Deer  in  Pieces.  Alfo  in  the  River  we 
faw  ereat  Store  of  Ducks,  Teal,  Widgeon-,  and  m  the 
Woods,  great  Flocks  of  Parrakeeto's.  The  Timber  that  the 
Woods  afford,  for  the  moft  part,  confifts  of  Oaks  of  four  or 
five  Sorts,  all  differing  in  Leaves,  but  each  bearing  very  good 
Acorns.  We  meafur'd  many  of  the  Oaks  m  feveral  Places, 
which  we  found  to  be,  in  Bignefs,  fome  Two,  fome  Three, 
and  others  almoft  Four  Fathom  in  Height,  before  you  come  to 
Boughs  or  Limbs-,  forty,  fifty,  fixty  Foot,  and  fome  more  5.. 
andthofe  Oaks  very  common  in  the  upper  Parts  ot  both  Ri- 
vers; alfo  a  very  tall  large  Tree  of  great  Bignefs,  which 
fome  call  Cyprus,  the  right  Name  we  know  not,  growing  in 
Swamps.  Likewife  Walnut,  Birch,  Beech,  Maple,  Afh, 
Bay,  Willow,  Alder,  and  Holly;  and  in  the  lowermoft 
Parts  innumerable  Pines,  tall  and  good  for  Boards  or  Malts, 


- 

■■■■':■ 

68 

A  Description 

-... 

>: i!:'  i 


growing,  for  the  moft  part,  in  barren  and  fandy,  but  in  fome 
Places  up  the  River,  in  good  Ground,  being  mixt  amongft 
Oaks  and  other  Timbers*  We  faw  Mulberry-Trees,  Multi- 
tudes of  Grape* Vines,  and  fome  Grapes  which  we  eat  of. 
We  found  a  very  large  and  good  Trad  of  Land, on  the  N.  W. 
Side  of  the  River,  thin  of  Timber,  except  here  and  there  a 
very  great  Oak,  and  full  of  Grafs,  commonly  as  high  as  a 
Man's  Middle,  and  jn  many  Places  to  his  Shoulders,  where  we 
faw  many  Deer,  and  Turkies;  one  Deer  having  very  large 
Horns,  and  great  Body,  therefore  calPd.it  Stag-Park.  It  be* 
ing  a  very  pleafant  and  delightful  Place,  we  travell'd  in  it 
feveral  Miles,  but  faw  no  End  thereof.  So  we  return'd  to 
our  Boat,  and  proceeded  down  the  River,  and  came  to  ano- 
ther Place,  fome  twenty  five  Leagues  from  the  River's  Mouth 
on  the  fame  Side,  where  we  found  a  Place,  no  lefs  delightful 
than  the  former  \  and  as  far  as  we  could  judge,  both  Trafts 
came  into  one.  This  lower  Place  we  call'd  Bj>cly  Trim,  be* 
caufe  we  found  many  Rocks  and  Stones,  of  feveral  Sizes,  up- 
on the  Land,  which  is  not  common. .  We  fent  our  Boat  down, 
the  River  before  us  •,  ourfelves  travelling  by  Land,  many 
Miles.  Indeed  we  were  fo  much  taken  with  the  Pleafantneft 
of  the  Country,  that  we  travell'd  into  the  Woods  too  far  to 
recover  our  Boat  and  Company  that  Night.  Thenext  day- 
being  Sunday,  we  got  to  our  Boat  \  and  on  Monday  the  i5th 
of  November,  proceeded  down  to  a  Place  on  the  Eaft-Side 
of  the  River,  fome  23  Leagues  from  the  Harbour's  Mouth, 
which  we  call'd  Turky-Ouarterj ,  becaufe  we  kill'd  feveral 
Turkies  thereabouts  *,  we  view'd  the  Land  there,  and  found 
fome  Ti'a&s  of  good  Ground,  and  high,  facing  upon  the  Ri- 
ver about  one  Mile  inward,  but  backwards  fome  two  Miles, 
all  Pine  Land,  but  good  Pafture  Ground:  We  return'd  to 
-our  Boat,  and  proceeded  down  fome  2  or  3  Leagues,  where 
we  had  formerly  view'd,  and  found  it  a  Trad  of  as  good 
'Land,  as  any  we  have  feQa,  and  had  as  good  Timber  on  it. 
The  Banks  on  the  River  being  high,  therefore  we  call'd  it 
High- Land- Point.  Having  view'd  that,  we  proceeded  down 
the  River,  going  onShoar  in  feveral  Places  oa  both  Sides,  it 
being  generally  large  Marfhes,  and  many  Of  them  dry,  that 
they  may  more  fitly  be  calld  Meadows.  The  Wood- 
Land  againft  them  is,  for  the  moll;  part,  Pine,  and  in  fome 
Places  as  barren,  as  ever  we  faw  Land,  but  in  other  Places 

good 


of  North-Carolina. 


good  Pafture-Ground.     On  Tuefday,  November  the  17th,  we 
pot  aboard  our  Ship,  riding  againft  the  Mouth  of  Greens, 
River,  where  our  Men  were  providing  Wood,  and  'fitting 
the  Ship  for  the  Sea:   In  the  interim,  we  took  a  View  of 
the  Country  on  both  (ides  of  the  River  there,  finding  fome 
good  Land,  but  more  bad,  and  the  belt  not  comparable  to 
that  above.  -  Friday  the  20th  was  foul  Weather ,  yet  in  the 
Afternoon  we  weigh'd,  went  down  the  River  about  two 
Leagues,  and  came  to  an  Anchor  againft  the  Mouth  of  Hil- 
ton's River,  and'  took  a  View  of  the  Land  there  on  both 
fides,  which  appear'd  to  us  much  like  that  at  Green's  River. 
Monday  the  23d,  we  went,  with  our  Long-Boat  well  vidhi- 
all'd  and  mann'd,  up  Hilton's  River  •,   and  when   we  came 
three  Leagues,   or  thereabouts,   up  the  fame,    we   found 
this  and  Green's  River  to  come  into  one,  and  fo  continu'd 
for  four  or  five  Leagues,  which  makes  a  great  Ifknd  betwixt 
them.    We  proceeded  ftill  up  the  River,  till  they  parted  a- 
eain,  keeping  up  Hilton's  River  on  the  Larboard  lide,  and 
followed  the  faid  River  five  or  fix  Leagues  farther,  where  we 
found  another  large  Branch  of  Greens  River  to  come  into 
H'lton's,  which  makes  another  great  Ifland.     On  the  Star- 
board fide  going  up,  we  proceeded  ftill  up  the  River  fome 
four  Leagues,  and  return'd,.  taking  a  View  of  the  Land  on 
both  fides,  and  then  judg'd  ourfelves  to  be  from  our  Ship 
fome  18  Leagues  W.  and  by  N.    One  League  below  this 
Place,  came  four  Indians  in  a  Canoe  to  us,  and  fold  us  feve- 
•ral  Baskets  of  Acorns,which  we  fatisfy'd  them  for,and  fo  left 
them  \  bat  one  of  them  follow'd  us  on  the  Shoar  fome  two 
or  three  Miles,  till  he  came  on  the  Top  of  a  high  Bank, 
facing  on  the  River  \  and  as  we  row'd  underneath  it,  the 
Fellow  fhot  an  Arrow  at  us,  which  very  narrowly  mifs^d 
one  of  our  Men,  and  ftuck  in  the  upper  edge  of  the  Boat} 
but  broke  in  pieces,  leaving  the  Head  behind.    Hereuppn, 
we  prefently  made  to  the  Shoar,  and  went  all  up  the  Bank 
(except  Four  to  guide  the  Boat)  to  look  for  the  Indian^  but 
could  not  find  him:   At  la  ft,  we  heard  fome  ling,  farther 
in  the  Woods,  which  we  look'd  upon  as  a  Challenge  to  us, 
to  come  and  fight  them.    We  went  towards  them  with  all 
Speed  \  but  before  we  came  in  Sight  of  them,  heard  two 
Guns  go  off  from  our  Boat  -,  whereupon  we  retreated,  as 
fait  as  we  could,  to  fecure  our  Boat  and  Men.    When  we 

L  came 


-  •  •  •  • 


7 


o 


A  Description 


m  i 


''    : 


came  to  them,  we  found  all  well,  and  demanded  the  P^ea- 
fon  of. their  firing  the  Guns:  They  told  us,  that  an  Indian 
came  creeping  along  the  Bank,  as  they  fuppos'd,    to  fhooc 
at  them  y  and  therefore  they  fhot  at  him  at  a  great  diftance, 
with  fmall  Shot,  but  thought  they  did  him  no  Hurt }  for 
they  faw  him  runaway.     Prefently  after  our  Return  to  the 
Boat,  and  while  we  were  thus  talking,  came  two  Indians  to  us, 
with  their  Bows  and  Arrows,   crying  Bonny,  Bonny.    We 
took  their  Bows  and  Arrows  from  them,  and  gave  them 
Beads,  to  their  Content-,  then  we  led  them,  by  the  Hand, 
to  the  Boat,  and  fhew'd  them  the  Arrow-head  flicking  in 
her  Side,  and  related  to  them  the  whole  Paflage ;  which 
when  theyunderftood,  both  of  them  fhew'd  a  great  Con- 
cern, and  fignifyd  to  us,  by  Signs,  that  they  knew  nothing 
of  it  •,  fo  we  let  them  go,  and  mark'd  a  Tree-  on  the  Top 
of  the  Bank,  calling  the  Place  Mount-Skerry.     We  look'd  up 
the  River,   as  far  as  we  could  difcern,   and  faw  that  it 
widen'd,   and  came   running  dire&ly  down  the  Country : 
So  we  return'd,  viewing  the  Land  on  both  fides  the  River, 
and  finding  the  Banks  fteep  in  fome  places,  but  very  high 
in  others.    The  Bank-fides  are  generally  Clay,  and  as  fome 
of  our  Company  did  affirm,   fome  Marl.     The  Land  and 
Timber  up    this   River  is   no  way  inferiour  to  the  belt 
in  the  other,    which  we  call  the  main  River.     So  far  as 
we  could  difcern,  this  feem'd  as  fair,  if  not  fairer,   than 
the  former,  and  we  think  runs  farther  into  the  Country, 
becaufe  a  ftrong  Current  comes  down,  and  a  great  deal 
more  Drift- Wood.    But,  to  return  to  the  Bufinefs  of  the 
Land" arid  Timber:  We  faw  feveral  Plots  of  Ground  clear'd 
by  the  Indians,  after  their  weak  manner,  cbmpafs'd  round 
with  great  Timber  Tree?,  which  they  are  no-wife  able  to 
fell,   and   fo  keep  the  Sun  from  Corn-Fields  very  much.} 
yet  neverthelefs,  we  faw  as  large  Corn-ftalks,    or  larger, 
than  we  have  feen  any  where  elfe  :  So  we  proceeded  down 
the  River,  till  we  found  the  Canoe  the  Indian  was  in,  who 
fhotNat  us.    In  the  Morning,  we  went  on  Shoar,  and  cut 
the  fame  in  pieces.    The  Indians  perceiving  us  coming  to- 
wards them,  ran  away.    Going  to  his  Hutt,  we  pull'd' it 
down,  broke  his  Pots,  Platters,  and  Spoons,  tore  the  Deer- 
Skins  and  Matts  in  pieces,  and  took  away  a  Basket  of  A- 
corns  •,  and  afterwards  proceeded  down  the  River  2  Leagues, 


of  North-Carolina. 


71 


or  thereabouts,  and  came  to  another  Place  of  Indians,  bought 
Acorns  and  feme  Corn  of  them,  and  went  downwards  2 
Leagues  more.  At  laft,  efpying  an  Indian  peeping  oyer  a 
high  Bank,  we  held  up  a  Gun  at  him  *,  and  calling  to  him, 
Sherry y  prefently  feveral  Indians  came  in  Sight  of  us,  and 
made  great  Signs  of  Friendfhip,  faying  Bonny,  Bonny.  Then 
running  before  us,  they  endeavour'd  to  perfuade  us  to  come 
on  fhoar }  but  we  anfwer'd  them  with  ftern  Countenances, 
andcall'd  out,  Sherry,  taking  up  our  Guns,  and  threatning 
to  fhoot  at  them,  but  they  ftill  cry'd  Bonny,  Bonny.  And 
when  they  faw  they  could  not  prevail ,  nor  perfuade 
us  to  come  on  Ihoar,  two  of  them  came  off  to  us  in  a  Canoe, 
one  paddling  with  a  great  Cane,  the  other  with  his  Hand.  As 
foon  as  they  overtook  us,  they  laid  hold  of  our  Boat,  fweat- 
ingand  blowing, and  told  us,  it  was  Bonny  on  fhoar,andat  lail 
perfuaded  us  to  go  on  fhoar  with  them.  As  foonas  we  landed, 
feveral  Indians,  to  the  Number  of  near  40  lufty  Men,  came  to 
us,  all  in  a  great  Sweat,  and  told  us  Bonny :  We  fhew'd  'em  the 
Arrow-Head  in  theBoat-Side,and  a  Piece  of  the  Canoe  we  had 
cut  in  Pieces :  Whereupon,  the  chief  Man  amongft  them 
made  a  long  Speech,  threw  Beads  into  our  Boat,  which  is  a 
Signof  great  Love  and  Friendfhip,  and  gave  us  to  under- 
ftand,  that  when  he  heard  of  the  Affront  which  we  had  re- 
ceiv'd,  itcaus'd  him  to  cry,  and  that  he  and  his  Men  were 
come  to  make  Peace  with  us,  alluring  us,' by  Signs,  that  they 
would  tye  the  Arms,  and  cut  off  the  Head,  of  the  Fellow 
who  had  done  us  that  Wrong*,  And  for  a  farther  Teftimony 
of  their  Love  and  Good-Will  towards  us,  they  prefented  us 
with  two  very  handfome,  proper,  young  IndianWomen,  the 
tailed  that  ever  we  faw  in  this  Country  *,  which  we  fup- 
pos'd  to  be  the  King's  Daughters,  or  Perfons  of  Diftin&ion 
amongft  them.  Thofe  young  Women  were  fo  ready  to  come 
into  our  Boat  *,  that  one  of  them  crowded  in,  and  would 
hardly  be  perfuaded  to  go  out  again.  We  prefented  the  King 
with  a  Hatchet  and  feveral  Beads,  and  made  Prefents  of 
Beads  alfo  to  the  young  Women,  the,  chief  Men,  and  the 
reft  of  the  Indians,  as  far  as  our  Beads  would  go.  They 
promis'd  us,  in  four  Days,  to  come  on  board  our  Ship,  and 
fo  departed  from  us.  When  we  left  the  Place,  which  was 
foon  after,  we  call'd  it  Mount- Bonny,  becaufe  we  had  there 
concluded  a  firm  Peace.  Proceeding  down  the  River  2  or  3 
Leagues  farther,  we  came  to  a  Place  where  were  9  or  1-0  Ca- 

L  2  noes 


7^ 


A  D 


ESC  RI  PtlON 


noes  all  together.   We  went  alhoar  there,  and  found  feveral 
Indians;  but  molt  of  them  were  the  fame  which  had  made 
Peace  with  us  before.    We  ftaid  very  little  at  that  Place,  but 
went  directly  down  the  River,  and  came  to  our  Ship,  before 
day.     Thurfday   the  26th  of  November,  the  Wind  being  at 
South,  we  could  not  go  down  to  the  River's  Mouth  ;   but  on 
Friday  the  27th,  we  weigh'd  at  the  Mouth  of  H:dton\  Ri- 
ver, and  got  down  a  League  towards  the  Harbour's  Mouth. 
On  Sunday  the  29th,  we  got  down  to  Crane-IJland,  which  is 
4  Leagues  or  thereabouts,  above  the  Entrance  of  the  Har- 
bour's Mouth.    On. Tuefday  the  ift  of  December,  we  made  a 
Purchafeof  the  River  and  Land  of  Cape-Fair,  of  Wat^Coofa^ 
and  fach  other  Indians,  as  appear'd  to  us  to  be  the  chief  of 
tbofe  Parts.    They  brought  us  Store  of  frefh  Fifh  aboard,  as 
Mullets,  Shads,,  and  other  forts  very  good.    This  River  is  all 
.frefh  Water,    fit  to  drink.      Some  8  Leagues  within  the 
Mouth,  the  Tide  runs  up  about  35  Leagues,  hutftops  and 
rifes  a  great  deal  farther  up.  It  flows  at  the  Harbour's  Mouth, 
S.  E.  and  N.  W.  6  Foot  at  Neap-Tides,  and  8  Foot  at  Springs 
Tides.     The  Channel  on  the  Ea ft  fide,  by  the  C^e-Shoar, 
is  the  belt,  and  lies  clofe  aboard  the  Cape-Land,  being  3  Fa-* 
thorns  at  high  Water,  in  the  fhalloweft  Place  in  the  Channel, 
juft  at  the  Entrance  •,  But  as  foon  as  you  are  palt  that  Place, 
half  a  Cables  Length  inward,  you  have  6  or  7  Fathoms,  a 
fair  turning  Channel  into  the  River,  and  fo  continuing  5  or  5 
Leagues  upwards.    Afterwards  the  Channel  is  more  difficult, 
in  fome  Places  6  or  7  Fathoms,  in  others  4  or  5,  and  in  others 
but  9  or  10  Foot,  efpecially  where  theRiver  is  broad.    When 
the  River  comes  to  part,  and  grows  narrow,  there  it  is  all 
Channel  from  fide  to  fide,  in  molt  Places  •,,  tho'  in  fome  you 
ihall  have  5,  6,  or  g  Fathoms,   but  generally  2  or  3,  Sand 
and  03ze.  We  vievv'd  the  G*/w-Land,and  judg'd  it  to  be  little 
worth, the  Woods  of  it  being  fhrubby  and  low,  and  the  Land 
iandy  and  barren  •,  in  fome  Places  Grafs  and  Rufhes,   in 
others  nothing  but  clear  Sand:     A  Place  fitter  to  ltarve 
-Cattle,  in  our  Judgment,  than  to  keep  'em  alive ;  yet  the  In- 
dians,  as  we  underltand,  keep  the  EngUJh  Cattle  down  there, 
and  fuffer  them  not  to  go  off  of  the  faid  Caps,  ('as  we  fuppofe) 
becaufe  the  Country  Indians  fhall  have  no  Part  with  them  ; 
and  therefore 'tis  likely,theyhave  fallen  out  about  them,which 
Jhall  have  the  greateft  Share.    They  brought  on  board  our 

Ship 


of  North-Carolina. 


73 


Ship  very  good  and  fat  Beef  feveral  times,  which  they  fold  us 
at  a  very  reafonable  Price ;  alfo  fat  and  very  large  Swine, 
good  and  cheap ;  but  they  may  thank  their  Friends  of  Nexv- 
England,  who  brought  their  Hogs  to  fo  fair  a  Market.  Some 
oflhe  Indians  brought  very  good  Salt  aboard  us,  and  made- 
Signs,  pointing  to  both  fides  of  the  River's  Mouth*  thatthere 
was  great  Store  thereabouts.  We  faw  up  the  River,  feveral 
good  Places  for  the  fetting  up  of  Corn  or  Saw-Mills.  la 
that  time,  as  our  Bufinefs  cati'd  us  up  and  down  the  River  and 
Branches,  we  kilt'd  of  wild  Fowl,  4  Swans,  10  Geek,  29 
Cranes,  10  Turkies,  40  Ducks  and  Mallards,  3  dozen  of 
Parrakeeto's,  and  .6  dozen  of  other  fmall  Fowls,  as  Curlues 
and  Plover,  &c. 

Whereas  there  was  a  Writing  left  in  a  Poll,  at  the  Point 
©f  Cape-Fair  River,  by  thofe  New- England-Men,  that  left- 
Cattle,  with  the  Indians  there,  the  Contents  whereof  tended  1 
not  only,  to  the  Difparagement  of  the  Land  about  the  faid  Ri- 
ver,  but  alfo  to  the  great  Difcouragement  of.all  fuch  as  mould 
hereafter  come  into  thofe  Parts  to  fettle  :  In  anfwer  to  that 
fcandalous  Writing,  We,,  whofe  Names  are  underwritten, 
do  affirm,  That  we  have  feen,  facing  both  fides  the  River 
and  Branches  of  Cape-Fair  aforefaid,  as  good  Land,  and  as 
well  timbered,  as  any  we  have  feen  in  any-other  Part  of  the 
World,  fufficient  to  accommodate  Thoufands  of  our  En* 
glijh  Nation,  and  lying  commodioufly  by.  the  faid  River's 
Side. 

On  Friday  the  4th  of  December,  the  Wind  being  fair,  we 
put  out  to  Sea,  bound  for  Barbados  ;  and,  on  the  6th  of 
February,  \66\,  came  to  an  Anchor  in  Carlijle-Bay -,  it  ha- 
ving pleas'd  God,  after  feveral  apparent  Dangers  both  by 
Sea  and  Land,  to  bring  us  all  in  Safety  to  our  long-wiftYdr 
for  and  much-defir'd  Port,  to  render  an  Account  of  our, 
Difcovery  ;  the  Verity  of  which  we  do  auert. 

Anthony  Long* ., 
William  Hilton, . 
Feter  Fabian. 

Thus  you  have  an  Account  of  the  Latitude,  Soil,  and  Ad- 
vantages of  Cape-Fair,  or  Clarendon-River,  which  was  fettled 
in  the  Year  1661,  or  thereabouts  ;  and  had  it  not  been  for 
the  irregular  Pra&ices  of  fome  of  that  Colony  againft  the  * 

Indians^ 


74- 


A  Description 


:i 


Indians,  by  fending  away  fome  of  their  Children,  (ast 
have  been  told  )  under  Pretence  of  inftru&ing  'em  in  Learn- 
ing, and  the  Principles  of  the  Chriftian  Religion  ,  Which 
fo  difgufted  the  Indians,  that  tho'  they  had  then  no  Guns, 
yet  they  never  gave  over,  till  they  had  entirely  rid  them- 
selves of  the  Englifh,  by  their  Bows  and  Arrows  \  with 
which  they  did  not  only  take  off  themfelves,  but  alfo  their 
Stocks  of  Cattle  \  And  this  was  fo  much  the  more  ruinous 
to  them,  in  that  they  could  have  no  Afliftance  from  South- 
Carolina,  which  was  not  then  planted  ,  and  the  other  Plan- 
tations were  but  in  their  Infancy.  Were  it  not  for  fuch  ill 
Practices,  I  fay,  it  might,  in  all  Probability,  have  been,  at 
this  day,  the  belt  Settlement  in  their  Lordlhips  great  Pro-  • 
vince  of  Carolina. 
Albemarl  The  Sound  of  Albemarl,  with  the  Rivers  and  Creeks  of 
sound  and  that  Country,  afford  a  very  rich  and  durable  Soil.  The 
*ivers'  Land,  in  molt  Places,  lies  indifferent  low,  (except  in  Chu- 
won,  and  high  up  the  Rivers)  but  bears  an  incredible  Burden 
:of  Timber  \  the  Low-Grounds  being  cover'd  with  Beech  ; 
and  the  High-Land  yielding  lofty  Oaks,  Walnut-Trees,  and 
other  ufeful  Timber.  The  Country,  in  fome  Plantations, 
s  has  yearly  produc'd  Indian  Corn,  or  fome  other  Grain,  ever 
fince  this  Country  was  firft  feated,  without  the  Trouble  of 
Manuring  or  Dreffing  ,  and  yet  (to  all  appearance;  it  feems 
not  to  be,  in  the  leaft,  impoverifiYd,  neither  do  the  Plan- 
ters ever  mifs  of  a  good  Crop,  unlefs  a  very  unnatural  Sea- 
fon  vifits  them,  which  feldom  happens. 

Of  the  Corn  of  Carolina. 

What  HPHE  Wheat  of  this  Place  is  very  good,  feMom  yielding  lefs 
1  than  thirty  fold,  provided  the  Land  is  good  where  it 
is  fown  ;  Not  but  that  there  has  been  Sixty- fix  Increafe  for 
one  meafure  fown  in  Piny-Land,  which  we  account  the  mean- 
eft  Sort.  And  I  have  been  inform'd,  by  People  "of  Credit, 
that  Wheat  which  was  planted  in  a  very  rich  Piece  of  Land, 
brought  a  hundred  and  odd  Pecks,  for  one.  If  our  Planters, 
when  they  found  fuch  great  Increafe,  would  be  fo  curious  as 
to  make  nice  Observations  of  the  Soil,  and -other  remarkable 
.  Accidents,  they  would  foon  be  acquainted  with  f!he  Nature 
of  the  Earth  and  Climate,  and  be  better  qualified  to  ma- 

/  nage 


I. .-.       ■   I  '■  "-■"■■ — 

of  North-Carolina. 


75 


nage  their  Agriculture  to  more  Certainty,  and  greater  An- 
Vantage  ;  whereby  they  might  arrive  to  the  Crops  and  Har- 
ve(>s  .of  Rabylon,  and  thofe  other  fruitful  Countries  fo  much 
talk'd  of.  For  I  mull  confefs,  1  never  faw  one  Acre  of 
Land  manag'd  as  it  ought  to  be  in  Carolina,  fince  I  knew  it  •, 
and  were  they  as  negligent  in  their  Husbandry  in  Europe,  as 
they  are  in  Carolina,  their  Land  would  produce  nothing  but  , 
Weeds  and  Straw.  .  ..:■„.    . '      ,      n 

They  have  try'd  Rye,  and  it  thrives  very  well ;  but  hi-fye. 
ving  fuch  Plenty  of  Maiz,  they  -do  not  regard  it,  becaufe 
it  makes  black  Bread,  unlefs  very  conoufly  handled. 

Barley  has  been  fowed  in  fmall  quantities,  arid  does  better  Barky. 
than  can  be  expeded  ;  becaufe  that  Grain  requires  the 
Ground  to  be  very  well  work'd  with  repeated  Ploughings, 
which  our  general  Way  of  breaking  the  Earth  with  Hoesr 
can,  by  no  means,  perform,  tho'  in  feveral  Places  we  have  a 
light,  rich,  deep,  black  Mould,  which  is  the  particular  Soil 
in  which  Barley  belt  thrives.  .-.  • 

The  naked  Oats  thrive  extraordinary  well  •,  and  the  others 
would  prove  a  very  bold  Grain ;  but  the  Plenty  of  other 
Grains  makes  them  not  much  coveted.  »  Vr4^ 

The  Indian  Com,  ov  Maiz,,  proves  the  moftufeful  Grain  in m& 
the  World  :  and  had  it  not  been  for  the  Fruitfulnefs  of  this 
Species,  it  would  have  proved  very  difficult  to  have  fettled 
fome  of  the  Plantations  in  America.  It  is  very  nouriming, 
whether  in  Bread,  fodden,  or  otherwife  i  And  thofe  poor 
Christian  Servants  in  Virginia,  Maryland,  and  the  other 
northerly  Plantations,  that  have  been  forced  to  live  wholly 
upon  it,  do  manifeftly  prove,  that  it  is^he  molt  nouriming 
Grain,  for  a  Man  to  fubfift  on,  without  any  other  Victuals. 
And  this  AfiertVm  is  made  good  by  the  i\^n>-31aves,  who, 
in  many  Places,  eat  nothing  but  this  Indian  Corn  arid  Salt. 
Pigs  and  Poultry  fed  with  this  Grain,  eat  the  fweeteft  of  ail 
others.  It  refutes  no  Grounds,  unlefs  the  barren  Sands, 
and  when  planted  in  good  Ground,  will  repay  the  Planter 
feven  or  eight  hundred  fold ;  befides  the  Stalks  bruis  d  ,and> 
boil'd,  make  very  pleafant  Beer,  being  fweet  like  the  Sugar- 

X  There  are  feveral  forts  of  Rice,  fome  bearded,  others  fe* 
not,  befides  the  red  and  white  ;  But  the  white  Rice  is  the 
belt.    Yet  there  is  a  fori;  of  perfum'd  Rice  in  the  Eajt- 

Iff(UeJ9    , 


WbttLU 
Guinea- 

WksAU 

Pulfe. 
Bitlhel- 

Bun, 


Of  the  Corn 

Indies,  which  gives  a  curious  Flavour,  in  the  Dreffing.  And 
with  this  fort  America  is  not  yet  acquainted  ;  neither  can  I 
learn,  that  any  of  it  has  been  brought  over  to  Europe;  the 
Rice  of  Carolina  being  efteenfd  the  beft  that  comes  to  that 
Quarter  of  the  World.  It  is  of  great  Increafe,  yielding 
from  eight  hundred  to  a  thoufand-fold,  and  thrives  belt  in 
wild  Land,  that  has  never  been  broken  up  before. 

Buck- Wheat  is  of  great  Increafe  in  Carolina  ;  but  we  make 
no  other  ufe  of  it,  than  inftead  of  Maiz,  to  feed  Hogs  and 
Poultry-:  And  Guinea  Corn,  which  thrives  well  here,  fcrves 
for  the  fame  ufe. 

Of  the  Pulfe-kind,  we  have  many  forts.  The  firft  is  the 
Bufhel-Bean,  which  is  a  fpontaneous  Produft.  They  are  fo 
called,  becaufe  they  bring  a  Bufhel  of  Beans  for  one  that  is 
planted.  They  are  fet  in  the  Spring,  round  Arbours,  or  at 
the  Feet  of  Poles,  up  which  they  will  climb,  and  cover  the 
Wattling,  making  a  very  pretty  Shade  to  fit  under.  They 
continue  flowering,  budding,  and  ripening  all  the  Summer 
long,  till  the  Frolt  approaches,  when  they  forbear  their 
Fruit,  and  die.  The  Stalks  they  grow  on,  come  to  the 
Thicknefs  of  a  Man's  Thumb-,  and  the  Bean  is  white  and 
mottled,  with  a  purple  Figure  on  each  ilde  it,  like  an  Ear. 
They  are  very  flat,  and  are  eaten  as  the  Windfor-Bean.  is,  be- 
ing an  extraordinary  well-relilh'd  Pulfe,  either  by  themielves, 
or  with  Meat. 

We  have  the  Indian  Rounceval,  or  Miraculous  Peafe,  fo  call'd 
from  their  long  Pods,  and  great  Increafe.  Thefe  are  latter 
Peafe,  and  require  a  pretty  long  Summer  to  ripen  in.  They 
-are  very  good ;  and  fo  are  the  Bonavis,  Calavancies,  Nanti- 
cokes,  and  abundance  of  other  Pulfe,  too  tedious  here  to 
name,  which  we  found  the  Indians  poilefs'd  of,  when  firft  we 
fettled  in  America  •,  fome  of  which  forts  afford  us  two  Crops 
in  one  Year  }  as  the  Bonavis  and  Calavancies,  befides  (everal 
others  of  that  kind. 

Now  I  am  launch'd  into  a  Difcourfe  of  the  Pulfe,  I  muft 
Eng.BM».  acquaint  you,  that  the  European  Bean  planted  here,  will,  in 
time,  degenerate  into  a  dwlrfifh  fort,  if  not  prevented  by  a 
yearly  Supply  of  foreign  Seed,  and  an  extravagant  rich  Soil ; 
yet  thefe  Pigmy-Beans  are  the  fweeteft  of  that  kind  I  ever 
met  withal. 


Indian 

jounce- 

■Vdls. 

Peafe  and 
Beans, 


As 


^CAROLINA. 


11 


As  for  all  the  forts  of  Englrjh  Peafe  that  we  have  yet  made  p«/e. 
tryal  of,  they  thrive  very  well  in  Carolina.  Particularly, 
the  white  and  gray  Rovncival,  the  common  Field-Peafe,  and 
Sickle-Peafe  yield  very  well,  and  are  of  a  good  Reliih.  As 
for  the  other  forts,  I  have  not  feen  any  made  tryal  of  as 
yet ,  but  queftion  not  their  coming  to  great  Perfection 
with  us. 

The  Kidney-Beans  were  here  before  the  Englift    came, Qdncj- 
being  very  plentiful  in  the  Indian  Corn-Fields.  Bean. 

The  Garden-Roots  that  thrive  well  in  Carolina,    zxz  Roots. 
Carrots,  Leeks,  Parfnips,  Turneps,  Potatoes,  of  feveral  de- 
licate forts,  Ground  Artichokes,  Radilhes,  Horfe-Radifh, 
Beet,  both  forts,  Onions,  Shallot,  Garlick,  Cives,  and  the 
Wild-Onions. 

The  Sallads  are  the  Lettice,  CurlM,  Red,  Cabbage,  and  Sa-Saua(lu 
voy.    The  Spinage  round  and  prickly,  Fennel,   fweet  and 
the  common  Sort,  Samphire  in  the  Marines  excellent,  fo  is 
the  Dock  or  Wild-Rhubarb,   Rocket,   Sorrel,   French  and 
Englifiy  CrefTes  of  feveral  Sorts,  Purflain  wild,  and  that  of  ^  Pur^ 
a  larger  Size  which  grows  in  the  Gardens  •,  for  this  Plant  teflon  in 
never  met  withal  in  the  Indian  Plantations,  and  is,  therefore,  Indian 
fuppos'd  to  proceed  from  Cow-Dung,  which  Beafb  they  keep  fields* 
not.    Parfley  two  Sorts-,  Afparagus  thrives  to  a  Miracle, 
without  hot  Beds  or  dunging  the  Land,  White-Cabbage  from 
European  or  New-England  Seed,  for  the  People  are  negligent 
and  unskilful ,  and  don't  take  care  to  provide  Seed  of  their 
own.    The  Colly-Flower  we  have  not  yet  had  an  Opportu- 
nity to  make  Tryal  of,  nor  has  the  Artichoke  ever  appear'd  x 
amongft  us,  that  I  can  learn.    Coleworts  plain  and  curl'd, 
Savoys -\   befides  the  Water-Melons  of  feveral  Sorts,   very 
good,  which  ihouki  have  gone  amongft  the  Fruits.     Of  Musk- 
Melons  we  have  v«ry  large  and  good,  and  feveral  Sorts,  as 
the  Golden,  Green,  Guinea,  and  Orange.     Cucumbers  long, 
ihort,  and  prickly,  all  thefe  from  the  Natural  Ground,  and 
great  Increafef  without  any  Helps  of  Dung  or  Refle&ion. 
Pompions  yellow  and  very   large,  Burmillions,  Calhaws,  an 
excellent  Fruit  boil'd  \   Squaflies,   Simnals ,.  Horns,    and 
Gourds  i  befides  many  other  Species,  of  lefs  Value,  too  tedi- 
ous to  name. 

Our  Pot-herbs  and  others  of  ufe,  which  we  already  poflefs,  poulerfo, 
are  Angelica  wild  and  tame,  Balm,  Buglofs,  Borage,  Burnet,  and  other] 

M  Clary,/0''  *&/W» 


Of  the  Herbs 


Kittle- 
S?iahs. 

James- 
Town 


Clary,  Marigold,  Pot-Marjoram,  and  other  Marjorams,  Sum- 
mer and  Winter  Savory,  Columbines,  Taniey,  Wormwood, 
Nep,  Mallows  feveral  Sorts,  Drage  red  and  white,"  Lambs 
Quarters,  Thyme,  Hyfibp  of  a  very  large  Growth,  fweet 
Bazil,  Rofemary,  Lavender :  The  more  Phyfical,  are  Car- 
dims  Bemdittus,  the  Scurvy-grafs  of  America,  I  nerer  here 
met  any  of  the  European  fort  ;  Tobacco  of  many  forts,  Dill, 
Carawa,  Cummin,  Anife,  Coriander,  all  forts  of  Plantain  of 
England,  and  two  forts  fpontaneous,  good  Vulneraries  ;  E- 
lecampane,  Comfrey,  Nettle,  the  Seed  from  England,  none 
Native  •,  Monks  Rhubarb,  Burdock,  Afarum  wild  in  the 
Woods,  reckon'd  one  of  the  Snake-Roots ;  Poppies  in  the 
Garden,  none  wild  yet  difcover'd  -,  Wormfeed,  Feverfew, 
Rue,  Ground-Ivy  fpontaneous,  but  very  fmall  and  fcarce, 
Aurea  virga,  four  forts  of  Snake-Roots,  befides  the  common 
Species,  which  are  great  Antidotes  againft  that  Serpent's 
Bite,  and  are  eafily  rais'd  in  the  Garden  ;  Mint;  James-Town- 
Weed,  fo  called  from  Virginia,  the  Seed  it  bears  is  very  like 
Weed,  the  that  of  an  Onion  ,  it  is  excellent  for  curing  Burns,  and  af- 
seediike  fwaging  Inflammations,  but  taken  inwardly  brings  on  a  fort 
omonseed.0f  drunken  Madnefs.  One  of  our  Marfli- Weeds,  like  a 
Dock,  has  the  fame  Effeft,  and  pofTefles  the  Party  with  Fear 
and  Watchings.  The  Red-Root  whofe  Leaf  is  like  Spear- 
Mint,  is  good  for  Thrufhes  and  fore  Mouths  ;  Camomil, 
but  it  mult  be  kept  in  the  Shade,  otherwife  it  will  not  thrive \ 
Houfleek  firft  from  England  \  Vervin  ;  Night-Shade,  feveral 
kinds  •,  Harts-Tongue'-,  Yarrow  abundance,  Mullein  the 
fame,  both  of  the  Country  \  Sarfaparilla,  and  abundance 
more  I  could  name,  yet  not  the  hundredth  part  of  what  re- 
mains, a  Catalogue  of  which  is  a  Work  of  many  Years,  and, 
without  any  other  Subject,  would  fwell  to  a  large  Volume, 
and  requires  the  Abilities  of  a  skilful  Botanift  :  Had  not 
the  ingenious  Mr.  Banifter  (the  greateft  Virtuofo  we  ever  had 
on  the  Continent)  been  unfortunately  taken  out  of  this 
World,  he  would  have  given  the  bell  Account  of  the  Plants 
of  America,  of  any  that  ever  yet  made  fuch  an  Attempt  in 
thefe  Parts.  Not  but  we  are  fatisfy'd,  the  Species  of  Vege- 
tables in  Carolina,  are  fo  numerous,  that  it  requires  more  than 
one  Man's  Age  to  bring  the  chiefelt  Part  of  them  into  regular 
">■  GMTes  *,  the  Country  being  fo  different  in  its  Situation  and 
Soil,  that  what  one  place  plentifully  affords,  another  is  ab- 

folutely 


*/ CAROLINA. 


19 


folutely  a  ftrangerto;  yet  we  generally  obferve,  that  the 
greateft  Variety  is  found  in  the  Low  Grounds,  and  Savanna's. 

The  Flower-Garden  in  Carolina  is  as  yet  arriv'd  but  to  aF/onw« 
very  poor  and  jejune  Perfection.  We  have  only  two  forts  of 
Rofes ;  the  Clove- July-Flowers,  Violets,  Princes  Feather, 
and  Tres  Colore s.  There  has  been  nothing  more  cultivated 
in  the  Flower-Garden,  which,  at  prefent,  occurs  to  my  Me- 
mory -,  but  as  for  the  wild  fpontaneous  Flowers  of  this  Coun- 
try, Nature  has  been  fo  liberal,  that  I  cannot  name  one 
tenth  part  of  the  valuable  ones;  And  fince,  to  give  Speci- 
mens, would  only  fwell  the  Volume,  and  give  little  Satisfa- 
ction to  the  Reader,  I  (hall  therefore  proceed  to  the  Trefent 
State  of  Carolina,  and  refer  the  Shrubs  and  other  Vegetables  of 
larger  Growth,  till  hereafter,  and  then  mail  deliver  them  and 
the  other  Species  in  their  Order. 

the  Trefent  State  of  Carolina. 

WHen  we  confider  the  Latitude  and  convenient  Situation 
of  Carolina,  had  we  no  farther  Confirmation  thereof, 
our  Reafon  would  inform  us,  that  fuch  a  Place  lay  fairly  to  be 
a  delicious  Country,  being  placed  in  that  Girdle  of  the  World 
which  affords  Wine,  Oil,  Fruit,  Grain,  and  Silk,  with  o- 
ther  rich  Commodities,  befides  a  fweet  Air,  moderate  Cli- 
mate, and  fertile  Soil  •,  thefe  are  the  Blefiings  (under  Hea- 
ven's Protection)  that  fpin  out  the  Thread  of  Life  to  its  ut- 
moft  Extent,  and  crown  our  Days  with  the  Sweets  of  Health 
and  Plenty,  which,  when  join'd  with  Content,  renders  the 
PofTeflors  the  happieft  Race  of  Men  upon  Earth. 

The  Inhabitants  of  Carolina,  thro'  the  Richnefs  of  the  Soi\,The  Prcfefit 
live  an  eafy  and  pleafant  Life.     The  Land  being  of  feveral-^  °f 
forts  of  Compoft,  fomeftifF,  others  light,  fome  marl,  others  Carolina* 
rich  black  Mould  ;  here  barren  of  Pine,  but  affording  Pitch, 
Tar,  and  Mafts  •,  there  vaftly  rich,  efpecially  on  the  Frefhes    . 
of  the  Rivers,  one  part  bearing  great  Timbers,  others  being 
Savanna's  or  natural  Meads,  where  no  Trees  grow  for  feveral 
Miles,  adorn'd  by  Nature  with  a  pleafant  Verdure,  and  beau- 
tiful Flowers,  frequent  in  no  other  Places,  yielding  abun- 
dance of  Herbage  for  Cattle,  Sheep,  and  Horfe.   The  Coun- 
try in  general  affords  pleafant  Seats,  the  Land  (except  in 
fome  few  Places)  being  dry  and  high  Banks,  parcelfd  out 
into  moft  convenient  Necks,  (by  the  Creeks)  eafy  to  be  fen-j^b  of 
ced  in  for  fecuring  their  Stocks  to  more  ftrid  Boundaries,!^. 

M  2  whereby, 


8o 


The  Prefent  State 


Purchafe 
of  Land. 


Land  in 
Virginia 
end  Mary 
land 


Starts. 

bxreafe. 

Beef. 


Heifers, 


whereby,  with  a  fmall  trouble  of  fencing,  almoft  every  Man 
may  enjoy,  to  himfelf,  an  entire  Plantation,  or  rather  Park. 
Thefe,  with  the  other  Benefits  of  Plenty  of  Fifh,  Wild-Fowl, 
Venifon,  and  the  other  Convenie(ncies  which  this  Summer- 
Country  naturally  furnifhes,  has  indue'd  a  great  many  Fami- 
lies to  leave  the  more  Northerly  Platations,  and  fit  down  un- 
der one  of  the  mildeft  Governments  in  the  World;  in  a 
Country  that,  with  moderate  Induftry,  will  afford  all  the 
NecefTaries  of  Life.  We  have  "yearly  abundance  of  Strangers 
come  among  us,  who  chiefly  ftrive  to  go  Southerly  to  fettle, 
becaufe  there  is  a  vaft  TradT:  of  rich  Land  betwixt  the  Place 
we  are  feated  in,  and  Cape-Fair,  and  upon  that  River,  and 
more  Southerly,  which  is  inhabited  by  none  but  a  few  Indians, 
who  are  at  this  time  well  affe&ed  to  the  English,  and  very  de* 
firous  of  their  coming  to  live  among  them.  The  more 
Southerly,  the  milder  Winters,  with  the  Advantages  of  pur- 
chafing  the  Lords  Land  at  the  molt  eafy  and  moderate  Rate 
of  any  Lands  in  America,  nay  (allowing  all  Advantages  there- 
to annex'd)  I  may  fay,  the  Univerfe  does  not  afford  fuch  an- 
other •,  Befides,  Men  have  a  great  Advantage  of  choofing 
good  and  commodious  Trads  of  Land  at  the  firft  Seating  of 
a  Country  or  River,  whereas  the  later  Settlers  are  forced 
to  purchafe  fmaller  Dividends  of  the  old  Standers,  and 
fometimes  at  very  confiderable  Rates;  as  now  in  Virginia 
and  Maryland,  where  a  thoufand  Acres  of  good  Land  cannot 
-be  bought  under  twenty  Shillings  an  Acre,  beiides  two- Shil- 
lings yearly  Acknowledgment  for  every  hundred  Acres; 
which  Sum,  be  it  more  or  lefs,  will  lerve  to  put  the  Mer- 
chant or  Planter  here  into  a  good  pofture  of  Buildings, 
Slaves,  and  other  Neceflaries,  when  the  Purchafe  of  his 
Land  comes  to  him  on  fuch  eafy  Terms.  And  as  our  Grain  and 
Pulfe  thrives  with  us  to  admiration,  no  lefs  do  our  Stocks  of 
Cattle,  Horfes,  Sheep,  and  Swine  multiply. 

The  Beef  of  Carolina  equalizes  the  bell  that  our  neighbour- 
ing Colonies  afford  ;  the  Oxen  are  of  a  great  fize  when  they 
are  fuffer'd  to  live  to  a  fit  Age.  I  have  feen  fat  and  good 
Beef  at  alL  times  of  the  Year,  but  Olhber  and  the  cool  Months 
are  the  Sealbns  we  kill  our  Beeves  in,  when  we  intend  them 
for  Salting  or  Exportation  •,  for  then  they  are  in  their  prime 
of  Flefb,all  coming  from  Grafs,we  never  ufing  any  other  Food 
for  our  Cattle.    The  Heifers  bring,  Calves  at  eighteen  os 

twenty 


i 


. 


^/CAROLINA. 


twenty  Months  old,  which  makes  fuch  a  wonderful  Increafe, 
that  many  of  our  Planters,  from  very  mean  Beginnings,  have 
rais'd  themfelves,  and  are  now  Matters  of  hundreds  of  fat 
Beeves,  and  other  Cattle. 

The  Veal  is  very,  good  and  white,  fo  is  the  Milk  very  plea-  Veal* 
fant  and  rich,  there  being,  at  prefent,  confiderable  Quanti- 
ties of  Butter  and  Gheefe  made,  that  is  very  good,  not  only, 
ferving  our  own  Neceffities,,  but  we  fend  out  a  great  deal  ar 
mong  our  Neighbours. 

The  Sheep  thrive  very  well  at  prefent,  having  molt  com-  sheep. 
monly  two  Lambs  at  one  yeaning :  As  the  Country  comes 
to  be  open'd,  they  prove  ftill  better,  Change  of  Pafture  being 
agreeable  to  that  ufeful  Creature.  Mutton  is  (generally)  ex- 
ceeding Fat,  and  of  a  good  Relilh ;  their  Wool,  is  very  fine;, 
and  proves  a  good  Staple* 

The  Horfes  are  well-fhap'd  and  fwift ;  the  belt  of  them  Horfes^ 
would  fell  for  ten  or  twelve  Pounds  in  England.  They  prove 
excellent  Drudges,  and  will  travel  incredible  Journeys.  They 
are  troubled  with  very  few  Diftempers,  neither  do  the 
cloudy-fac'd  grey  Horfes  go  blind  here,  as  in  Europe.  As 
for  Spavins,  Splints,  and  Ring-Bones,  they  are  here  never  met 
withal,  as  I  can  learn.  Were  we  to  have  our  Stallions-  and 
choice  of  Mares  from  England,  or  any  other  of  a  good  Sort, 
and  careful  to  keep  them  on  the  Highlands*  we  could  not 
fail  of  a  good  Breed  ,  but  having  been  fupply'd  with  our 
firft  Horfes  from  the  neighbouring  Plantations,  which  were 
but  mean,  they  do  not  as  yet  come  up  to  the  Excellency  of 
the  Englijb  Horfes  •,  tho3  we  generally  find,  that  the  Colt 
exceeds,  in  Beauty  and  Strength,  its  Sire  and  Dam. 

The  Pork  exceeds  any  in  Europe  -,  the  great  Diverfity  and  ■y™W!>  ■ 
Goodnefs  of  the  Acorns  and  Nuts  which  the  Woods  afford,    " 
making  that  Flefh  of  an  excellent  Tafte,  and  produces  great- 
Quantities  ;  fo  that  Carolina  (if  not  the  chief)  is  not  inferior^ 
in  this  one  Commodity,  to  any  Colony  in  the  hands  of  the. 
Englijh. 

As  for  Goats,  they  have  been  found  to  thrive  and  increafe  Geats. 
well,  but  being  mifchievous  to  Orchards  and  other  TreeSj 
makes  People  decline  keeping  them. 

Our  Produce  for  Exportation  to  Europe?  and  -the. -Wands  in-Vttineu- 
America,  are  Beef,  Pork,  Tallow,  Hides,  Deer-Skins,  Furs* 
Pitch,   Tar,    Wheat,    lndian-Cata*  Peafe,,  Malts,    Staves, 

Headings 


The  Trefent  State 


Heading,  Boards,  and  all  forts  of  Timber  and  Lumber  for 
Madera  and  the  Weft-Indies  ;  Rozin^  Turpentine,  and  feve- 
ral  forts  of  Gums  and  Tears,  with  fome  medicinal  Drugs, 
are  here  produc'd  •,  Befldes  Rice,  and  feveral  other  foreign 
Grains,  which  thrive  very  well.  Good  Bricksand  Tiles  are 
made,  and  feveral  forts  of  ufeful  Earths,  as  Bole,  Fullers- 
Earth,  Oaker,  and  Tobacco-pipe-Clay,  in  great  plenty ; 
Earths  for  the  Potters  Trade,  and  fine  Sand  for  the  Glafs- 
makers.  In  building  with  Bricks  ,  we  make  our  Lime  of 
Oyfter-Shells,  tho'  we  have  great  Store  of  Lime-ftone,  to- 
wards the  Heads  of  our  Rivers,  where  are  Stones  of  all 
forts  that  are  ufeful,  befldes  vaft  Quantities  of  excellent 
Marble.  Iron-Stone  we  have  plenty  of,  both  in  the  Low- 
Grounds  and  on  the  Hills;  Lead  and  Copper  has  been  found, 
fo  has  Antimony  heretofore  •,  But  no  Endeavours  have  been 
us'd  to  difcover  thofe  Subteraneous  Species  ;  otherwife  we 
might,  in  all  probability,  find  out  the  beft  of  Minerals, 
which  are  not  wanting  in  Carolina.  Hot  Baths  we  have  an 
account  of  from  the  Indians  that  frequent  the  Hill-Country, 
where  a  great  likelihood  appears  of  making  Salt-peter,  be- 
SaJt-peter.  caufe  tjje  Earth,  in  many  places,  is  ftrongly  mix'd  with  a 
nitrous  Salt,  which  is  much  coveted  by  the  Beafts,  who  come 
at  fome  Seafons  in  great  Droves  and  Herds,  and  by  their 
much  licking  of  this  Earth,  make  great  Holes  in  thofe  Banks, 
which  fometimes  lie  at  the  heads  of  great  Precipices,  where 
their  Eagernefe  after  this  Salt  haftens  their  End,  by  falling 
down  the  high  Banks,  fo  that  they  are  dafh/d  in  Pieces. 
It  malt  be  confefs'd,  that  the  moll  noble  and  fweeteft  Part 
of  this  Country,  is  not  inhabited  by  any  but  the  Savages  ^ 
and  a  great  deal  of  the  richeft  Part  thereof,  has  no  Inhabi- 
tants but  the  Beafts  of  the  Wildernefs  :  For,  the  Indians  are 
not  inclinable  to  fettle  in  the  richeft  Land,,  becaufe  the  Tim- 
bers are  too  large  for  them  to  cut  down,  and  too  much  bur- 
then'd  with  Wood  for  their  Labourers  to  make  Plantations 
of;  befldes,  the  Healthfulnefs  of  thofe  Hills  is  apparent,  by 
the  Gigantick  Stature,  and  Gray-Heads,  fo  common  amongft 
the  Savages  that  dwell  near  the  Mountains.  The  great 
Creator  of  all  things,  having  molt  wifely  diffused  his  Blef- 
lings,  by  parcelling  out  the  Vintages  of  the  World,  into  fiich 
Lots,  as  his  wonderful  Forefight  faw  molt  proper,  requifite, 
and  convenient  for  the  Habitations  of  his  Creatures.  To- 
wards 


ofC  AROL.iN  A. 


8? 


wards  the  Sea,  we  have  the  Convenient-/  ©f  Trade,  1-racfpor- 
tation  and  other  Helps  the  Water  affords ;  but  oftentimes, 
thofe  Advantages  are  attended  with  indifferent  Land,  a  thick 
Air  and  other  Inconveniences ;  when  backwards,  near  the 
Mountains,  you  meet  with  the  richeft  Soil,  a  fweet,  thin 
Air  dry  Roads,  pleafant  ffnall  murmuring  Streams,  and 
feveral  beneficial  Productions  and  Species,  which  are  un- 
known in  the  European  -World.  One  Part  of  this  Country 
affords  what  the  other  is  wholly  a  Stranger  to. 

We  have  Chalybeate  Waters  of  feveral  Taftes  and  different  Chaly- 
Qualities  j  fome  purge,  others  work  by  the  other  Emundo-  beate 
ries.    We  have,  amongft  the  Inhabitants,  a  Water,  that  is,"**"- 
inwardly,  a  great  Aperfive,  and,  outwardly,  cures  Ulcers, 
Tettars,  and  Sores,  by  wafbing  therewith. 

There  has  been  a  Coal-Mine  lately  found  near  the  Manna- Coal-Mm 
kin  Town,  above  the  Falls  of  7^-River  in  Krglnia,  which  in  Virgi- 
proves  very  good,  and  is  us'd  by  the  Smiths,  for  their  Forges  i ma- 
and  we  need  not  doubt  of  the  fame  amongft  us,  towards  the 
Heads  of  our  Rivers  ;,  but  the  Plenty  of  Wood,  (which  is 
much  the  better  Fuel)  makes  us  not  inquifitive  after  Coal- 
Mines.     Moft  of  the  French,  who  lived  at  that  Town  on  French 
James-River,  areremov'd  to  Trent-KvJZV,  in  North-Carolina,  XtfugKS- 
where  the  reft  were  expected  daily  to  come  to  them,  when  I 
came  away,  which  was  in  Augufi,  1708.    They  are  much  ta- 
ken with  the  Pleafantnefs  of  that  Country,  and,  indeed,  are 
a  very  induftrious  People.    At  prefent,  they  make  very  good 
Linnen-Cloath  and  Thread,  and  are  very  well  vers'd  in  cul- 
tivating Hemp  and  Flax,  of  both  which  they  raife  very  con- 
fiderable  Quantities-,  and  defign  to  try  an  EfTay  of  the  Grape, 
for  making  of  Wine.  ;-r': 

As  for  tbofe  of  our  own  Country  in  Carolina,  iome  or  the  Planters*. 
Men  are  very  laborious,  and  make  great  Improvements  in 
their  Way ;  but  I  dare  hardly  give  'em  that  Character  in  ge- 
neral. The  eafy  Way  of  living  in  that  plentiful  Country, 
makes  a  great  many  Planters  very  negligent,  which,  were 
they  otherwife,  that  Colony  might  now  have  been  in  a  far 
better  Condition  than  it  is,  (as  to  Trade,  and  other  Advan- 
tages) which  an  uniyerfal  Induftry  would  have  led  them  in*- 
to.  _, . 


84 


The  Prefent  State 


Women         The  Women  are  the  raoft  induftrious  Sex  in  that  Place 
goodifouf-ahWi  by  their  good  Houfwifry,  make  a  great  deal  of  Cloath 
mves-      of  their  own  Cotton,  Wool  and  Flax  •,   fome  of  them  keep- 
ing their  Families  (though  large)  very  decently  apparel'd, 
both  with  Linnens  and  Woollens,  fo  that  they  have  not>c- 
cafion  to  run  into  the  Merchant's  Debt,  or  lay  their  Money 
out  on  Stores  for  Cloathing.  . 
Wtives  of     The  Chriftian  Natives  of  Carolina  are  a  ftraigh  t,clea n-limb'd 
Carolina.  People ;  the  Children  being  feldom  or  never  troubled  with 
Rickets,  or  thofe  other  Diftempers,  that  the  Europeans  are 
vifited  withal.    5Tis  next  to  a  Miracle,  to  fee  one  of  them 
deform'd  in"  Body.     The  Vicinity  of  the  Sun  makes  Impref- 
fion  on  the  Men,  who  labour  out  of  doors,  or  ufe  the  Wa- 
Semifuh  ter.    As  for  thofe  Women,  that  do  notexpofe  themfelves 
to  the  Weather,  they  are  often  very  fair,  and  generally  as 
well  featur  d,  as  you  (hall  fee  any  where,  and  have  very  brisk 
charming  Eyes,  which  fets  them  off  to  Advantage.    They 
marry  very  young  jjj  fome  at  Thirteen  or  Fourteen  £  and  She 
thatftays  till  Twenty,  is  reckon'd  a  flale  Maid;  which  is  a 
very  indifferent  Charader  in  that  warm  Country.    The  Wo- 
-men  are  very  fruitful ;  molt  Houfes  being  fall  of  Little  Ones. 
It  has  been  obfervM,  that  Women  long  marry'd,  and  with- 
out Children,  in  other  Places,  have  remov'd  to  Carolina,  and 
become  joyful  Mothers.    They  liave  very  eafy  Travail  ia 
their  Child-bearing,  in  which  they  are  fo  happy,  as  feldom 
to  mifcarry.    Both  Sexes  are  generally  fpare.  of  Body,  and 
not  Cholerick,  nor  eafily  call  down  at  Difappointments  and 
LolTes,  feldom  immoderately  grieving  at  Misfortunes,  unlefs 
for  the  Lofs  of  their  nearelt  Relations  and  Friends,  which 
feems  to  make  a  more  than  ordinary  ImprefFion  upon  them. 
Many  of  the  Women  are  very  handy  in  Canoes,  and  will  ma- 
nage them  with  great  Dexterity  and  Skill,  which  they  be- 
come accuftomed  to  in  this  watry  Country.    They  are  ready 
to  help  their  Husbands  in  any  fervile  Work,  as  Planting, 
when  the  Seafon  of  the  Weather  requires  Expedition  \  Pride 
feldom  banifhing  good  Houfwifry.     The  Girls  are  not  bred 
up  to  the  Wheel,  and  Sewing  only  \,    but  the  Dairy  and  Af- 
v        fairs  of  theHoule  they  are  very  well  acquainted  withal  -,  fb 
that  you  mail  fee  them,  whilft  very  young,  manage  their  Bu- 
nxtives    linefs  with  a  great  deal  of  Conduct  and  Alacrity.    The  Chil- 
docfc.  dren  of  both  Sexes  are  very  docile,  and  learn  any  thing  with 

a  great 


Wot  Paf- 
fionxte. 


Good. ' 
Wives, 


.£re 


mm 


of  C  A  R.  O  L I  N  A. 


85 


a  great  deal  of  Eafe  and  Method  •,   and  thofe  that  have  the 
Advantages  of  Education,   write  good  Hands,  and  prove 
good  Accountants,  which  is  moft  coveted,  and  indeed  molt 
neceflary  in  thefe  Parts.    The  young  Men  are  commonly  of  a 
bafhful,  fober  Behaviour }   few  proving  Prodigals,  to  con-^  Prodi- 
fume  what  the  Induftry  of  their  Parents  has  left  them,  but&aIs' 
commonly  improve  it.    The  marrying  fo  young,  carries  a 
double  Advantage  with  it ;   and  that  is,  that  the  Parents 
fee  their  Children  provided  for  in  Marriage,  and  the  young 
married  People  are  taught  by  their  Parents,  how  to  get  their 
Living-,  for  their  Admonitions  make  great  Impreffions  on 
their  Children.  1  had  heard  (before  I  knew  this  new  World) 
that  the  Natives  of  America  were  a  (hort-liv'd  People,  which, 
by  all  the  Obfervations  I  could  ever  make,  proves  quite  con- 
trary j  for  thofe  who  are  born  here,  and  in  other  Colonies, 
live  to  as  great  Ages  as  any  of  the  Europeans,z\\Q  Climate  being  Great  Agt 
free  from  Confumptions,  which  Diftemper,  fatal  to  England^.  Ame* 
they  are  Strangers  to.     And  as  the  Country  becomes  more  ncans° 
clear'd  of  Wood,  it  ftill  becomes  more  healthful  to  the  In- 
habitants, and  lefs  addicted  to  the  Ague ;  which  is  incident 
to  moft  new  Comers  into  America  from  Europe,  yet  not  mor- 
tal.    A  gentle  Emetick  feldom  milles  of  driving  it  away,  but 
if  it  is  not  too  troublefome, 'tis  better  to  let  the  Seafoning 
have  its  own  Courfe,  in  which  cafe,  the  Party  is  commonly 
free  from  it  ever  after,  and  very  healthful.  - 

And  now,  as  to  the  other  Advantages  the  Country  af- 
fords, we  cannot  guefs  at  thematprefent,  becaufe,  as  I  faid 
before,  the  belt  Part  of  this  Country"  is  not  inhabited  by  the 
Englifl})  from  whence  probably  will  hereafter  fpring  Producti- 
ons that  this  Age  does  not  dream  of,  and  of  much  more  Ad- 
vantage to  the  Inhabitants  than  any  things  we  are  yet  ac- 
quainted withal:  And  as  for  feverai  Productions  of  other 
Countries,  much  in  the  fame  Latitude,  we  may  expect,  with 
good  Management,  they  will  become  familiar  to  us,  as  Wine, 
Oil,  Fruit,  Silk,  and  other  profitable  Commodities,  fuch  as 
Drugs,  Dyes,  &c.  And  at  prefent  the  Curious  may  have  a 
large  Field  to  fatisfy  and  divert  thernfelves  in,  as  Collections collem- 
of  ftrange  Beafts,  Birds,  Infects,  Reptiles,  Shells,  Fi(hes,cw. 
Minerals,  Herbs,  Flowers,  Plants,  Shrubs,  intricate  Roots, 
Gums,  Tears,  Roiins,  Dyes,  and  Stones,  with  feverai  other 
that  yield  Satisfaction  and  Profit  to  thole,  whofe  Inclinations 

£J  tend 


86 


The  Prefent  State 


very 
fkeap 


Indians 
Hunters. 


sil 


tend  that  Way.  And  as  for  what  may  be  hop'd  for,  to- 
wards-a  happy  Life  and  Being,  by  fuchasdefign  to  remove 
thither,  I  (hall  add  this  ;  That  with  prudent  Management, 
I  can  affirm,  by  Experience,  not  by  Hear-fay,  That  any  Per- 
fon,  with  a  fir  all  Beginning,  may  live  very  ccmfortably, 
Prorvifiovs  and  not  only  provide  for  the  NecefTaries  of  Life,  but  like- 
wife  for  thofe  that  are  to  fucceed  him  :;  Provifions-being  very, 
plentiful,  and  of  good  Variety,  to  accommodate  genteel 
Houfe-keeping  i  andthe  neighbouring  Indians  are  friendly,and 
in  many  Cafes  ferviceable  to  us,  inmaking  us  Wares  to  catch 
Fimin,  for  a  fmall  matter,  which  proves  of  great  Advantage 
to  large  Families,  becaufe  thofe  Engines  take  great  Quanti- 
ties of  many  Sorts  of  Fifh,  that  are  very  good  and  nourinV 
ing  :  Some  of  them  hunt  and  fowl  for  usut  reafonable  Rates,, 
the  Country  being  as  plentifully  provided  with  all  Sorts  of 
Game,  as  any  Part  of  America  •,  the  poorer  Sort  of  Planters 
often  get  them  to  plant  for  them,  by  hiring.thern  for  that 
Seafon,  or  for  fo  much  Work,  which  commonly  cbmes  very 
reafonable.  Moreover,  it  is  remarkable,  That  no  Place  on 
the  Continent  of  America,  has  feated  an  Englifh  Colony  fo 
free  from  Blood-fhed,  as  Carolina  y  but  all  the  others  have 
been  moredamag'd  and  difturb'd  by  the  Indians,  than  they 
have-i  which  is  worthy  Notice,  when  we  confider  how  oddly 
it  was  firft  planted  with  Inhabitants. 

TheFifhing-Trade  in  Carolina  might  be  carried  on  to  great 
Advantage,  confidering  how  many  Sorts  of  excellent  Fifh 
our  Sound  and  Rivers  afford,  which  cure  very  well  with  Salt, 
as  has  beenexperienced  by  fome  fmall  Quantities,  which  have 
been  fent  abroad,  and  yielded  a  good  Price.  As  for  the 
Whale-  fi(hing,it  is  no  otherwife  regarded  than  by  a  few  People 
who  live  on  the  Sand-Banks  j  and  thofe  only  work  on  dead 
Fifh  caff,  on  fhoar,  none  being  ftruek  on  our  Coaft,  as  they  are 
to  the  Northward}  altho'  we  have  Plenty  of  Whales  there. 
Great  Plenty  is  generally  the  Ruin  of  Induftry.  Thus  our 
Merchants  are  not  many,  nor  have  thofe  few  there  be,  apply'd 
themfelves  to  the  European  Trade.  The  Planter  fits  con- 
tented at  home,  whilft  his  Oxen  thrive  and  grow  fat,  and  his 
Stocks  daily  increafe \  The  fatted  Porkets  and  Poultry  are 
eafily  rais'd  to  his  Table,  and  his  Orchard  affords  him  Li- 
quor, fo  that  he  eats,  and  drinks  away  the  Cares  of  the 
World,  and  defires  no  greater  Happinefs,   than  that  which 

he 


lijhin^ 
Trade. 


iVbale- 
iifning 


^CAROLINA. 


he  daily  enjoys.  Whereas,  not  only  the  Enropean,but  alfo  the 
fndian-Tiade,  might  be  carried  on  to  a  great  Profit,  becaufe 
we  lie  as  fairly  for  the  Body  of  Indians,  as  any  Settlement  in 
Englijh- America  5  And  for  the  fmall  Trade  that  has  been  car-  Indian- 
ried  on  in  that  Way,  the  Dealers  therein  have  throve  as  fall  Irate* 
as  any  Men,  and  thefooneft  rais'd  themfelves  of  any  People 
I  have  known  in  Carolina. 

Laftly,  As  to  the  Climate,  it  is  very  healthful ;  onr  Sum- climate. 
meTiS  not  fo  hot  as  in  other  places  to  the  Eaftward  in  the  summer. 
lame  Latitude  •,  neither  are  we  ever  vifited  by  Earthquakes,  jv0  Earth- 
as  many  places  in  Italy  and  other  Summer-Countries  are.  quakes. 
Our  Northerly  Winds,  in  Summer,  cool  the  Air,  and  free 
os  from  peftilential  Fevers,  which  Spain,  Barbary,  and  tjie 
neighbouring  Countries  in  Europe,  &c.   are  vifited  withal. 
Our  Sky  is  generally  ferene  and  clear,  and  the  Air  verySergKCe 
thin,,  in  comparifon  of  many  Parts  of  Europe,  where  Con- 
lumptions  and  Catarrhs  reign  amongft  the  Inhabitants.   The 
Winter  has  feveral  Fittsof  (harp  Weather,  efpecially  when 
the  Wind  is  at  N.  W,  which  always  clears  the  Sky,  though 
never  fo  thick  before.    However,  fuch  Weather  is  very  a- 
greeable  to  European  Bodies,  and  makes  them  healthy.     The 
N.  E.  Winds  blowing  in  Winter,  bring  with  them  thick 
Weather,  and,  in  the  Spring,  fometimes,  blight  the  Fruits , 
"but  they  very  feldom  endure  long,  being  blown  away  by 
AVefterly  Winds*  and  then  all  becomes  fair  and  clear  again. 
Oar  Spring,  in  Carolina,  is  very  beautiful,  and  the  molt  plea- spring. 
fant  Weather  a  Country  can  enjoy.    The  Fall  is  accompa-F4#„ 
nied  with  cool  Mornings,  which  come  in  towards  the  latter 
end  of  Augufi,  and  fo  continue  (moft  commonly)  very  mo- 
derate Weather  till  about  Chriflmas;   then  Winter  comes 
on  apace.    Tho*  thefe  Seafons  are  very  piercing ,  yet  the 
Cold  is  of  no  continuance.    Perhaps,  you  will  have  cold 
Weather  for  three  or  four  days  at  a  timej  then  pleafant 
warm  Weather  follows,  fuch  as  you  have  in  England,  about 
the  latter  end  of  April  or  beginning  of  May.    In  the  Year 
1707.  we  had  the  fevereft  Winter  in  Carolina,  that  ever  was 
known  fmce  the  Englijh  came  to  fettle  there ;  for  our  Rivers, 
that  were  not  above  half  a  Mile  wide,  and  frefh  Water,  were 
frozen  over ;  and  fome  of  them,  in  the  North-part  of  this 
Country,  were  paffable  for  People  to  walk  over. 


N  2 


One 


88 


The  Frefent  State 


Man- 
land. 


One  great  Advantage  of  North-Carolina  is,  That  we  are  not 
No  iron-  a  Frontier,  and  near  the  Enemy  •  which  proves  very  charge- 
UiU         able  and  troublefome,  in  time  of  War,  to  thofe  Colonies  that 
are  fo  feated.    Another  great  Advantage  comes  from  its  be- 
WMrVir-ing  near  Virginia,  where  we  come  often  to  a  good  Market 
ginia.       at  the  Return  of  ,the  <7«/«^- Ships  for  Negro's,  and  the  Rem- 
nant of  their  Stores,  which  is  very  commodious  for  the  /»- 
,  d.'an-Trade ;  beiides,  in  War-time,  we  lie  near  at  hand  to 
go  under  their  Convoy,  and  to  fell  our  Provifions  to  the  To- 
bacco-fleets j  for  the  Planting  of  Tobacco  generally. in  thofe 
Colonies,  prevents  their  being  fupplyed  with  Stores,  fuffi- 
cient  for  victualling  their  Ships. 
Nuejfmes     As  for  the  Commodities ,   which  are  neceflary  to  carry 
for  Caro-  over  to  this  Plantation,  for  Ufe  and  Merchandize,  and  are, 
llfla.        therefore,  requillte  for  thofe  to  have  along  with  them,  that 
intend  to  transport  themfelves  thither  •,  they  are  Guns,  Pow- 
der and  Shot,  Flints,  Linnensof.all  forts,  but  chiefly  ordi- 
nary Blues,  Ofnabrugs,  Scotch  and  Irijh  Linnen,  and  fome 
fine :    Mens  and  Womens  Cloaths  ready  made  up ,  fome 
few  Broad-Cloaths,  Kerfeys  and  Druggets';   to  which  you 
muft  add  Haberdajhers- Wares ,  Hats  about  Five  or  Six  Shil- 
lings apiece,  and  a  few  finer;    a  few  Wiggs,  not  long,  and 
pretty  thin  of  Hair;  thin  Stuffs  for  Women ;   Iron- Work, 
as  Mails,  Spades,  Axes,  broad  and  narrow  Hoes,  Frows 
Wedges,  and  Saws  of  all  forts,  with  other  Todls  for  Carpen- 
ters, Joiners,  Coopers,  Shoemakers,   Shave-locks,  &c.    all 
which,  and  others  which  are  neceflary  for  the  Plantations, 
you  may  be  inform'd  of,  and  buy  at  very  reafonable  Rates* 
of  Mr.  James  Gilbert,  Ironmonger,   in  Mitre-Tavern-Yard* 
near  Aldgate.    You  may  alfo  be  ufed  very  kindly,  for  your 
Cuttlery-Ware,  and  other  advantageous  Merchandizes,  and 
your  Cargo's  well  forted,  by  Capt.  Sharp,  at  the  Blue-gate  in- 
Cannon- fireet. ;  and  for  Ear  then-  Ware,  Window-Glafs,  Grind- 
Stones,  Mill-Stones,  Paper,  fnk- Powder,   Saddles,  Bridles, 
and  what  other  things  ycu  are  minded  to  take  with  you,  for 
Pleafure  or  Ornament. 

And  now,  I  mail  proceed  to  the  reft  of  the  Vegetables, 
that  are  common  in  Carolina,  in  reference  to  the  Place  where 
I  left  off,  which  is  the  Natural  Hijlory  of  that  Country. 


of  CAROLINA. 


Of  the  Vegetables  of  Carolina. 
■.         -  - 

TH  E  fpontaneous  Shrubs  of  this  Country,  are,  the  Lark- 
heel-Tree;  three  forts  of  Hony-Suckle-Tree,  the  firft 
of  which  grows  in  Branches,  as  our  Piemento-Tree  does, 
that  is,  always  in  low,  moift  Ground;  the  other  grows  in 
clear,  dry  Land,  the  Flower  more  cut  and  lacerated  \  the 
third,  which  is  the  moll  beautiful,  and,  I  think,  the  moft 
charming  Flower  of  its  Colour,  1  ever  faw,  grows  betwixt 
two  and  three  Foot  high,  and  for  the  moft  part,  by  the  fide 
of  a  fwampy  Wood,  or  on  the  Banks  of  our  Rivers,  but  ne- 
ver near  the  Salt-Water.  All  the  Sorts  are  white  -y  the  laft 
grows  in  a  great  Bunch  of  thefe  fmall  Hony-Suekles  fet  up- 
on~T>ne  chief  Stem,  and  is  commonly  the  Bignefs  of  a  large 
Turnep.  Nothing  can  appear  more  beautiful  than  thefe 
Bufhes,  wlren  in  their  Splendour,  which  is  in  April  and  Mayt 
The  next  is  the  Honey-Suckle  of  the  Forefl ;  it  grows  about 
a  Foot  high,  bearing  its  Flowers  on  fmall  Pedeftals,  feverafc 
of  them  ftanding  on  the  main  Stock,  which  is  the  Thicknefs 
of  a  Wheat-Straw.  We  have  alfo  the  Wood-bind,  much. 
the  fame  as  in  England,  Princes-feather,  very  large  and 
beautiful  in  the  Garden  ;  Tres-Colores,  branch'd  Sun-flower  „ 
Double  Poppies,  Lupines,  of  feveral  pretty  forts,  fpontane- 
ous ;  and  the  SenfibU  Plant  is  faid  to  be  near  the  Mountains3. 
which  I  have  not  yet  feen.  Saf-Flower;  (and  I  believe, 
the  Saffron  of  England  would  thrive  here,  if  planted)  the 
yellow  Jeflamirt  is  wild  in  our  Woods,  of  a  plealant  Smelk 
Ever-Greens  are  here  plentifully  found,  of  a  very  quick. 
Growth,  and  pleafant  Shade  -,  Cyprefs,  or  white  Cedar,  the 
Pitch  Pine,  the  yellow  Pine,  the  white  Pine  with  long 
Leaves  •,  and  the  fmaller  Almond-Pine,  which  laft  bears  Ker- 
nels in  the  Apple*  tailing  much  like  an  Almond  ;  and  in. 
fome  years  there  falls  fuch  plenty,  as  to  make  the  Hogs  fat, 
Horn-Beam  ;  Cedar,  two  forts  •,  Holly,  two  forts  ;  Bay- 
Tree,  two  forts;  one  the  Dwarf- Bay,  about  twelve  Foot 
high  ,  the  other  the  Bignefs  of  a  middling  Pine-Tree,  a- 
bout  two  Foot  and  half  Diameter  y  Laurel-Trees,  in  Height 
equalizing  the  lofty  Oaks  \  the  Berries  and  Leaves  of  this 
Tree  dyes  a  Yellow  ;;the  Bay-Berries  yield  a  Was,  which 
foeildes,  its  Ufe  in  Chirurgery,  makes  Candles  that,  in  burn-- 


The  Natural  Hiftory 


fiupcn. 


;ing,  give  a  fragrant  Srriell.    The  Cedar-Berries  are  infufed, 
and  made  Beer  of,  by  the  Bermudians,  they  are  Carminative, 
and  much.of  theQuality  of  Juniper-Berries ;  Yew  and  Box  I 
never  faw  or  heard  of  in  this  Country :  There  are  two  forts 
of  Myrtles,  different  in  Leaf  and  Berry  •,  the  Berry  yields. 
Wax  that  makes  Candles,  the  moft  lafting,  and  of  the  fweet- 
eft  Smell  imaginable.    Some  mix  half  Tallow  with  this  Wax, 
others  ufe  it  without  Mixture ;  and  thefe  are  fit  for  a  Lady's 
Chamber,  and  incomparable  to  pafs  the  Line  withal,  and 
other  hot  Countries,  becaufe  they  will  ftand,  when,  others 
will  melt,  by  the  exceffive  Heat,  4own  in  the  Binacles.    fi- 
ver-green Oak,  two  forts }  Gall-Berry-Tree,  bearing  a  black 
Berry,  with  which  the  Women  dye  their  Cloaths  and  Yara 
black-,  'tis  a  pretty  Ever-green,  and  very  plentiful,  grow- 
ing always  in  low  fwampy  Grounds,  and  amongfl  Ponds. 
We  have  a  Prim  or  Privet,  which  grows  on  the  dry,  barreri, 
ftndy  Hills,  by  the  Sound  fide  •,  it  bears  a  fmaller  fort  than 
that  in  England,  and  grows  into  a  round  Bufh,  very  beauti- 
ful.    Laft  of  Bufhes,  (except   Savine,   which  grows  every 
where  wild)  is  the  famous  Yaupon,  of  which  I  find  two  forts, 
if  not  three.     I  fhall  fpeak  firft  of  the  Nature  of  this  Plant, 
and  afterwards  account  for  the  different  Sorts.    This  Tau* 
pan,  call'd  by  the  South- Carolina  Indians,  Cajfena,  is  a  Bufh, 
that  grows  chiefly  on  the  Sand-Banks  and  Iflands,  bordering 
oh  the  Sea  of  Carolina  \  on  this  Coaft  it  is  plentifully  found, 
and  in  no  other  Place  that  I  know  of.    It  grows  the  moft 
like  Box,  of  any  Vegetable  that  I  know,  being  very  like  it 
in  Leaf;  only  dented  exactly  like  Tea,  but  the  Leaf  fome-  ' 
what  fatter.    I  cannot  fay,  whether  it  bears  any  Flower, 
but  a  Berry  it  does,  about  the  Bignefs  of  _  a  Grain  of  Pep- 
per, being  firft  red,   then  brown  when  ripe,  which  is  in 
December  \  Some  of  thefe  Bufhes  grow  to  be  twelve  Foot 
high,    others   are   three  or  four.     The  Wood  thereof  is 
brittle  as  Myrtle,   and  affords  a  light  afh-colour'd  Bark. 
There  is  fometimes  found  of  it  in  Swamps  and  rich  low 
Grounds,  which  has  the  fame  figured  Leaf,  only  it  is  larger, 
and  of  a  deeper  Green  j  This  may  be  occaflon'd  by  the  Rich- 
nefs  that  attends  the  low  Grounds  thus  fituated.    The  third1' 
Sort  has  the  fame  kind  of  Leaf,  but  never  grows  a  Foot  high, 
and  is  found  both  in  rich,  low  Land,  and  on  the  Sand-Hills. 
I  don't  know  that  ever  1  found  any  Seed,  or  Berries  on  the 

dwarfifh 


*/ CAROLINA 


91 


" 


ilon  is  made  :  Cattle  and  Sheep  delight  in  this  mnt  very 
much  ™nd  fo  do  the  Deer,  all  which  crop  it  very  fliort  and 
"rowie?hc  eoii!  wherefoever  they  meet  with  it.  I.  have 
tSlanted  the  Sand-Bank  and  ^^^MM 
that  the  firft  Year,the  ^^^Mi^^^iKS 
Year  thev  throve  as  well  as  in  their  native  Sml.  Jjap  nan. 
year  tney  uiruvc ■*  aDDrov'd  by  a    the  Savages  on 

is  the  Indian  Tea,  usd  ana  appiuv  u  u/ .  weffward 

thetloaftof  *rtti*  and  from  them  lent  tc »  fhc  Wcttwaid 
Indians,  and  fold  at  a  confutable  ^^M^^Mcuring^ 
cure  after  the  fame  way,  as  they  do  for  themielves ,  wiucn        s^ 
h  thus  •  They  take  this  Plant  (not  only  the  Leaves,  but  the 
fma ^er*  Twigs  along  with  them;  and  bruife  it  in  a  Mortar, 
[m  it  blcZes  blaclim,  the  Leaf  ^W*' 
Th-=n  thev  rake  it  out,  put  it  into  one  or  tlieir  eartnen  rots 
SSviSSMbSv&i  itfmoaks-,  ftirringitaU  the  time 
Jill  it  is  cur'd.      Others  take  it,  after  it  is  bruis  d,  and  put 
ft  into  a  Bowl   to  which  they  put  live  Coals,  and  cover  them 
ith ^  the  r«A  till  they  ha've  done  fmoaking j   often ^urmng 
them  over.    After  all,  they  fpread  it  upon  then  Mats,  and 
dryTt  in  the  Sun.  to  'keep  'for  Ufe.    ^SmWflL  fRT  . 
SPL  have  this  Plant  very  V^^Hoat^^\?A 
?nd  hold  it  in  great  Efteem.    Sometimes  they  cure  itas   he 
MUm  do  i  or  elfe  beat  it  to  a  Powder,  fo  mix  it,  as  Coffee 
vet  before  they  drink  it,  they' filter  the  fame.    They  pretei 
[t  above  all  Liquids,  to  drink  with  Phyfick,  to  carry  the  fame 
fifc^ndfpSlily  Ihrtf  tbe  Palfages,  for  which  it  is  admi. 

^ctmutoak1:  is*  fv^' lofty  Tree,  clear  of  Boughs  and  ^, 

Foot  through  all  clear  Timber  v  and  are  the  largelt  Oaks  we 
have,  yielding  the  faireft  Plank.  They  grow  c uefly :  « Am 
Land,  that  if  ftiff '  and  rich.  I  have  ftta  of  them  Jo  high, 
that a  good  Gun  could  not  reach  a  Turkey,  tho  loaded  with 
Swan-Shot:  They  are  call'd  Chefnut,  becaufe  of  the  Large- 
•nefs  and  Sweetnefs  of  the  Acorns.  i     \ 

White   Scaly-bark  Oak^  This  is  ufed,  as  the  former,  u****, 
buying  Sloops  and  Ships.    Tho'  it  bears  a  large  Acorn 
ye  i  rfever  gmws  to  the  Bulk  and  Height  of  the  Chefnut 


92 


The  Natural  Hifiory 


$gi  Oah 


B&ftard 
Spanifh. 


Oak.    It  is  fo  call'd,  becaufe  of  a  fcaly,  broken,  white  Bark 
that  covers  this  Tree,  growing  on  dry  Land. 

We  have  Red  Oak,  fometimes,  in  good  Land,  very  large 
and  lofty.  'Tis  a  porous  Wood,  and  ufed  to  rive  into  Rails 
for  Fences.    'Tis  not  very  durable ;  yet  forae  ufe  this,  as 
well  as  the  two  former,  forPipe  and~  Barrel-Staves.  It  makes 
good  Clap  boards. 

Spanilh  .     Spanijh  Oak  is  free  to  rive,  bears  a  whitifh,  fmooth  Bark  i 

*«*.  and  rives  very  well  into  Clap-boards.  It  is  accounted  dura- 
ble, therefore  fome  ufe  to  build  Veflels  with  it  for  the  Sea  • 
it  proving  well  and  durable.  Thefe  all  bear  good  Maft  for 
the  Swine. 

Baftard-S/><M(/k  is  an  Oak  betwixt  the  Spanijh  and  Red  Oak  • 
the  chief  Ufe  is  for  Fencing  and  Clap-boards.  It  bears  good* 
Acorns. 

Black  oat.  The  next  is  Black  Oak,  which  is  efteem'd  a  durable  Wood, 
under  Water  •,  but  fometimes  it  is  ufed  in  Houfe-work.  It 
bears  a  good  Maft  for  Hogs. 

VAnttlron.  White  Iron,  or  Ring-Oak,  is  fo  call'd,  from  the  Durabi- 
lity and  lafting  Quality  of  this  Wood.  It  chiefly  grows  oa 
dry,  lean  Land,  and  feldom  fails  of  bearing  a  plentiful  Crop 
of  Acorns.  This  Wood  is  found  to  be  very  durable,  and  is 
efteem'd  the  belt  Oak  for  Ship-work  that  we  have  in  Caro- 
lina •,  for  tho'  Live  Oak  be  more  lafting,  yet  it  feldom  al- 
lows Planks  of  any  conffderable  Length,    j 

turhyOah  Turkey-Oak  is  fo  call'd  from  a  fmall  Acorn  it  bears,which 
the  wild  Turkeys  feed-on. 

Live  Oak.    -  Live-Oak  chiefly  grows  on  dry,  fandy  Knolls.     This  is 

an  Ever-green,  and  the  molt  durable  Oak  all  America  affords. 

,The  Shortnefs  of  this  Wood's  Bowl,  or  Trunk,  makes  it 

unfit  for  Plank  to  build  Ships  withal.    There  are  fome  few 

Trees,  that  would  allow  a  Stock  of  twelve  Foot,  but  the 

Firmnefs  and  great  Weight  thereof,  frightens  our  Sawyers 

from  the  Fatigue  that  attends  the  cutting  of  this  Timber. 

A  Nail  once  driven  therein,  'tis  next  to  an  Impofllbiliurto 

draw  it  out.    The  Limbs  thereof  are  fo  cur'd,  that  tn6y 

'ferve  for  excellent  Timbers,  Knees,  &c.  for  Veflels  of  any 

fort.    The  Acorns  thereof  are  as  fweet  as  Chefhuts,  and  the 

Indians,  draw  an  Oil  from  them,  as  fweet  as  that  from  the 

Olive,  tho'  of  an  Amber-Colour.     With  thefe  Nuts,. or  A- 

^orns,  fome  have  counterfeited  the  Cocoa,  whereoi  they 

have 


o/ CAROLINA. 


93 


■ 


have  made  Chocolate,  not  to  be  diftinguifh'd  by  a  good  Pa- 
late. Window-Frames,  Mallets,  and  Pins  for  Blocks,are  made 
thereof,  to  an  excellent  Purpofe.  I  knew  two  Trees  of  this 
Wood  among  the  Indians,  which  were  planted  from  the  A- 
corn,  and  grew  in  the  Frefhes,  and  never  faw  any  thing  more 
beautiful  of  that  kind.  They  are  of  an  indifferent  quick 
Growth^  of  which  there  are  two  forts.  The  Acorns  make 
very  fine  Pork. 

Willow-Oak  is  a  fort  of  Water-Oak.    It  grows  in  VondsWUhwOai 
and  Branches,  and  is  ufeful  for  many  things.    It  is  fo  call'd, 
from  the  Leaf,  which  very  much  refembles  a  Willow. 

The  Live  Oak  grows  in  the   frelh  Water  Ponds  and  Frejh-roa- 
Swamps,  by  the  River  fides,  and  in  low  Ground  overflownw  onk. 
with  Water  ;  and  is  a  perennial  Green. 

Of  Am  we  have  two  forts,  agreeing  nearly  with  the  En-Jp. 
glifi  in  the  Grain.     One  of  our  forts  is  tough,  like  the  JE»- 
gl'jh,  but  differs  fomething  in  the  Leaf,  and  much  more  in 
the  Bark.     Neither  of  them  bears  Keys.    The  Water-Afh  is 
brittle.    The  Bark  is  Food  for  the  Bevers. 

There  are  two  forts  of  jElm \  the  firft  grows  on  our  High-E/W. 
Land,  and  approaches  our  Englifa.  The  Indians  take  the 
Bark  of  its  Root,  and  beat  it,  whilft  green,  to  a  Pulp  •,  and 
.  then  dry  it  in  the  Chimney,  where  it  becomes  of  a  reddifh 
•Colour.  This  they  ufe  as  a  Sovereign  Remedy  to  heal  a 
Cut  or  green  Wound,  or  any  thing  that  is  not  corrupted. 
It  is  of  a  very  glutinous  Quality,  The  other  Elm  grows  in 
low  Ground,  of  whofe  Bark  the  Englifr  and  Indians  make 
Ropes  •  for  as  foon  as  the  Sap  rifes,  it  ftrips  off,  with  the 
greateft  eafe  imaginable.-  It  runs  in  March,  ox  there- 
abouts. 

The  Tulip-Trees,  which  are,  by  the  Planters,  call'd  Pop-  fulip-Tree 
Jars,  as  neareft  approaching  that  Wood  in  Grain,  grow 
to  a  prodigious  Bignefs,  forne  of  them  having  been  found 
One  and  twenty  Foot  in  Circumference.  I  have  been  in- 
form'd  of  a  Tuiip-Tree,  that  was  ten  Foot  Diameter  j  and 
another,  wherein  a  lufty  Man  had  his  Bed  and  Ho?€hold 
Furniture,  and  liv'd  in  it,  till  his  Labour  got  him  a  more 
fafhionable  Manilon.  He  afterwards  became  a  noted  Man, 
in  his  Country,  for  Wealth  and  Conduct.  One  of  thefe 
forts  bears  a  white  Tulips  the  other  a  party-colour5d,mottled 
one.    The  Wood  makes  very  pretty-Wainfcot,  Shingles  for 

n  tierce 


O 


Homes, 


9 

i 
ij 

The  Natural  Hifiory 


<\\-'i 


Horn- 
Beam. 
Sajfafras 


h   ] 


Houfes,  and  Planks  for  feveral  Ufes.    It  is  reckon'd  very  laft- 

■iji|  ■  efpecially,  under  Ground,  for  Mill- Work.    The  Buds, 

J  made  into  an  Ointment,  cure  Scalds,  Inflammations,  and 

Burns.     I  faw  feveral  Bufhels  thereon.    The  Cattle  are  apt 

to  eat  of  thefe  Buds,  which  give  a  very  odd  Tafte  to  the 

BjwA  Beech  is  here  frequent,  and  very  large.    The  Grain  feems 

exactly  the  fame  as  that  in  Europe.  We  make  little  Ufe 
thereof,  fave  for  Fire-Wood.  'Tis  not  a  durable  Timber. 
It  affords  a  very  fweet  Nut,  yet  the  Pork  fed  thereon  (tho' 
fweet)  is  very  oily,  and  ought  to  be  harden id I  with  Mian 
,  Corn,  before  it  is  kill'd.    Another  fort  call  d  Buck-Beech  is 

Buck  Beech  .  v-         , 

here  found.  ,  ,      .r  „ 

Horn-Beam  grows,  in  fome  Places,  very  plentifully ;  yet 
the  Plenty  of  other  Wood  makes  it  unregarded.  O 

The  Vertues  of  Saffafras  are  well  known  in  Europe.  This 
Wood  fometimes  grows  to  be  above  two  Foot  over,  and 
is  very  durable  and  halting,  ufed  for  Bowls,  Timbers,  Pofts 
for  Houfes,  and  other  Things  that  require  ftanding  in  the 
Ground  'Tis  very  light.  It  bears  a  white  Flower,  which 
is  very  cleanfing  to  the  Blood,  being  eaten  in  the  Spring, 
•  with  other  Satiating.  The  Berry,  when  ripe,  is  black  ;  'tis 
very  oily,  Carminative,  and  extremely  prevalent  in  Clyfters 
for  the  Colick.  The  Bark  of  the  Root  is  a  Spccifick  to 
thofe  affiled  with  the  Gripes.  The  fame  in  Powder,  and  a 
I  ot'on  made  thereof,  is  much  ufed  by  the  Savages  to  mu  ni- 
difyold  Ulcers,  and  for  feveral  other  Ufes;  benig  highly 

richSoil.  !t  flowersthe  firft  in  the  Woods;  its  white  Blof- 
fom  makin-  the  Foreft  very  beautiful.  It  has  a  fine  Grain, 
tiiMMtm  Ufe/within doors;  but isnotdurabk. 
The  Bark  of  this  Root  infufed,  is  held  an  infallible  Remedy 
acainft  the  Worms.  .  '  ,      r 

Li,H  °  Laurel,  before- mentioned  j  as  to  its  Bignefs  and  Ufe,  I 
have  feen  Planks  fawn  of  this  Wood;  but  us  not  found  du- 
rable in  the  Weather;  yet  pretty  enough  for  many  other 

TT/""    n 

Bay  and  Laurel  generally  delight  in  a  low^ampy  Ground. 
-       I  know  no  Ufe  they  make  of  them,  but  for  Fire- Wood,  ex- 
cepting what  I  fpoke  of  before,  amongft  the  Ever-Greens. 


of  CAR  OLINA. 


95 


A  famous  Ever-Green  I  muft  now  mention,  which  was*™'- 
forgotten  amongft  the  reft.  It  is  in  Leaf  like  a  JefTamine/  s 
but  larger,  and  of  a  harder  Nature.  This  grows  up  to  a 
large  Vine,  and  twifts  itfelf  round  the  Trees  it  grows  near, 
making  a  very  fine  Shade.  I  never  faw  any  thing  of  that 
Nature  outdo  it,  and  if  it  be  cutaway  clofe  to  the  Ground, 
it  wjll  prefently  fpring  up  again,  it  being  impofllble  to  de- 
ftroy  it,  when  once  it  has  got  Root.  'Tis  an  ornamental 
Plant,  and  worth  the  Tranfplanting.    Its  Seed  is  a  black 

Berry. 

The  Scarlet  Trumpet-Vine  bears  a  glorious  red  Flower,  trumpet- 
like  a  Bell,  or  Trumpet,  and  makes  a  Shade  inferiour  to  none  Vine. 
that  I  ever  faw  ^  yet  it  leaves  us,  when  the  Winter  comes, 
and  remains  naked  till  the  next  Spring.    It  bears  a  large  Cod, 
that  holds  its  Seed.  \  • 

The  Maycock  bears  a  glorious  Flower,  and  Apple  of  ariMajwk, 
agreeable  Sweet,  mixt  with  an  acid  Tafte.    This  is  alfo  a 
Summer-Vine.  Mho- 

The  Indico  grows  plentifully  in  our  Quarters.  Trees. 

The  Bay-Tulip-Tree  is  a  fine  Ever-green  which  grows  Buy-tulips. 
frequently  here.  -:,':[? 

The  fweet  Gum-Tree,  fa  call'd,  becaufe  of  the  fragrant  sweet 
Gum  it  yields  in  the  Spring-time,  upon  Inciiion  of  the  Bark,  Gum.  ■ 
or  Wood.  It  cures  the  Herpes  and  Inflammations  *,  being 
apply'd  to  the  Morphew  and  Tettars.  ?Tis  an  extraordinary 
Balfarn,  and  of  great  Value  to  thofe  who  know  how  to  ufe 
it.  No  Wood  has  fcarce  3  better  Grain  ,  whereof  fine  Ta- 
bles, Drawers,  and  ot'aer  Furniture  might  be  made.  Some 
of  it  is  curioully  cuffd.  It  bears  a  round  Bur^  with  a  fort 
of  Prickle,  which  is  the  Seed. 

Of  the  Black  G una  there  grows,  with  us,  two  forts  •,  both  Black 
fit  for  Cart-Naves..    The  one  bears  a  black,  well-tafted  <*«»"■• 
Berry,  which  the  IrJ.ians  mix  with  their  Pulfe  and  Soup.s,  it 
giving  'em  a  pretty  Flavour,  and  fcarlet  Colour.    The  Bears 
crop  thefe  Trees.for  the  Berries,  which  they  mightily  covet, 
yet  -kill'd  in  that  Seafon,  they  eat  very  unfavory  •,    which 
muft  be  occafioa'd  by  this  Fruit,  becaufe,  at  other  times, 
when-they  feed  on  Mail;,  Bears-Flefh  is  a  very  weli-tafted  , 
Food.    The  oth'sr  Gum  bears  a  Berry  in  fhape  like  the  other, 
tho5  bitter  -and  ill-tafted.    This  tree  (the  Indians  report) 

O    2 


IS 


96 


The  Natural  Hifiory 


- 


;'; 


is  never  wounded  by  Lightning.    It  has  no  certain  Grainy 
and  it  is  alYnoft  impoffible  to  fplit  Or  rive  it. 
ivUuGum     The  white  Gum,  bearing  a  fort  of  long  bunch'd  Flowers, 
is  the  mod:  curled   and  knotted  Wood  I  ever  fa w,   which 
would  make  curious  Furniture,  in  cafe  it  was  handled  by  a 
good  Workman. 
sedCedar.     The  red  fort  of  Cedar  is  an  Ever-green,  of  which  Caro- 
lina affords  Plenty.    That  on  the  Salts,  grows  generally  on 
the  Sand-banks  ;  and  that  in  the  Frefhes  is  found  in  the 
Swamps.     Of  this  Wood,  Tables,  Wainfcot,  and  other  Ne- 
ceffaries,  are  made,  and  efteemed  for  its  fweet  Smell.    It  is 
as  durable  a  Wood  as  any  we  have,  therefore  much  ufed  in 
Pofb  for  Houfes  and  Sills  v  likewife  to  build  Sloops,  BoatsT 
&c.  by  reafon  the  Worm  will  not  touch  it,  for  feveral  Years-. 
The  Veflels  built  thereof  are.  very  durable,  and  good  Swim- 
mers.    Of  this  Cedar,  Ship-loads  may  be  exported;    It  has 
been  heretofore  fo  plentiful  in  this  Settlement,   that  they 
have  fenced  in  Plantations  with  it,  and  the  Coffins  of  the 
Dead  are  generally  made  thereof. 
whhe  White   Cedar,   fo  call'd,    becaufe  it-  nearly  approaches 

€edar.      tne  other  Cedar,  in  Smell,  Bark,  and  Leaf ;;  Only  this  grows 
taller,  being  as  ftrait  as  an  Arrow.    It  is  extraordinary 
light,  and  free  to  rive.    'Tts  good  for  Yard,  Top-Malts, 
Booms  and  Bbltfprits,  being  very  tough."    The  belt  Shingles 
for  Houfes  are  made  of  this  Wood,  it  being  no  Strain  to 
the  Roof,  and  never  rots.    Good  Pails  and  other  Veflels^ 
free  from  Leakage,  are  likewife  made  thereof.    The  Bark 
of  this  and  the  red  Cedar,  the  Indians  ufe  to  make  their  Ca- 
bins of,_which  prove  firm,  and  refift  all  Weathers. 
Crirefs.        Cyprefs  is  not  an  Ever-green  with  us,  and  is  therefore 
call'd  the  bald  Cyprefs,  becaufe  the  Leaves,  during  the  Win- 
ter-Seafon,  turn  red,  not  recovering  their  Verdure  till  the 
Spring.    Thefe  Trees  are  the  largeft  for  Height  and  Thick- 
jiefs,  that  we  have  in  this  Part  of  the  World  j  fomeof  them 
holding  thirty-fix  Foot  in  Circumference.    Upon  Incilion, 
they  yield  a  fweet-foielUng  Grain,  tho'  not  in  great  Quan- 
tities •,   and  the  Nuts  which  thefe  Trees  bear  plentifully, 
yield  a  raoft  odoriferous  Balfam,  that  infaHifrly  cures  all  new 
"and  preen  Wounds,  which  the  Inhabitants  are  well  acquain- 
ted withal.    Of  thefe  great  Trees  the  Pereaugers  and  Ca- 
noes are  fcoop'd  and  made ;  which  fort  of  Veflels  are  chiefly 

to 


^CAROLINA. 


97 


to  paTs  over  the  Rivers,  Creeks,  and  Bays ;  and  to  trknfport 
Goods  and  Lumber  from  one  River  to  another.  Some  are 
fo  large,  as  to  carry  thirty  Barrels,  tho'  of  one  entire  Piece 
of  Timber.  Others,  that  are  fplit  down  the  Bottom,  and 
a  piece  added  thereto,  will  carry  eighty,  or  an  hundred. 
Several  have  gone  out  of  our  Inlets  on  the  Ocean  to  Vir- 
ginia, laden  with  Pork,  and  other  Produce  of  the  Country. 
Of  thefe  Trees-curious  Boats  for  Pleafure  may  be  made,  and 
other  neceffary  Craft.  Some  Years  ago,  a  foolifn  Man  in 
Alhemarl  and  his  Son,  had  got  one  of  thefe  Canoes  deck'd. 
She  held,  as  I  take  it,  fixteen  Barrels.  He  brought  her  to 
the  Colle&ors,  to  be  clear'd  for  Barbados  \  but  the  Officer 
took  him  for  a  Man  that  hadloft  his  Senfes,  and  argu'd  the 
Danger  and  Impoflibility  of  performing  fuch  a  Voyage,  in  a 
hollow  Tree  ;  but  the  Fellow  would  hearken  to  no  Advice 
of  that  kind,  till  the  Gentleman  told  him,  if  he  did  not 
value  his  own  Life,  he  valu'd  his  Reputation  and  Honefty, 
and  fo  flatly  refus'd  clearing  him*,  Upon  which,  theda- 
noe  was  fold,  and,  I  think,  remains  in  being  flill.  This 
Wood  is  very  lafting,  and  free  from  the  Rot.  A  Canoe  of 
it  will  outlaftfour  Boats,  and  feldom  wants  Repair.  They 
lay,  that  a  Cheft  tnade  -of  this  Wood,,  will  fuller  no  Moth* 
crVermine,  to  abide  therein. 

The  Locuft,  for  its  enduring  the  Weather,  is  chofen  for  Two  forts,. 
all  forts  of  Works  that  are  expofed  thereto.  It  bears  a  Leaf  °/,f  ocufi. 
neareft  the  Liquorice-Plant.    'Tis  a  pretty  tall  Tree.    Of 


white  and: 
yellow ',  is. 


this  the  Indians  make  their  choiceft  Bows,  it   being  VQvy"rareifvax-- 
tough  and  flexible.    We  have  little  or  none  of  this  Wood  in  nifh'd* 
Pampticough. 

The  Honey-Tree  bears  as  great  a  Refemblance  to  the  Lo-  HomyTree. 
cult,  as  a  Shallot  does  to  an  Onion.    It  is  of  that  Species,  *  ie«<jL 
but  more  prickly.      They  bear  a  Cod,   one  fide  whereof 
contains  the  Seed,  the  other  the  Honey  \  They  will  bear  in. 
five  Years,  from  the  Kernel.    They  were  firft  brought  (by. 
the  Indian  Traders)  and  propagated,  by  their  Seed,  at  the 
Apamaticks  in  Virginia.    Laft  Year,  I  planted  the:  Seed,  and. 
had  them  fprung  up  before  I  came  from  thence,  which  was- 
in  Augvft.    Of  the  Honey,  very  good  Metheglin  is  made, 
there    being  Orchards  planted   in  Virginia   for-,  that  in> 
tent, 

The.' 


93 


The  Natural  Hifiory 


Pine. 


sovorlVooi  The  Sorrel,  or  Sowr- Wood-Tree,  is  fo  call'd,  becaufe 
the  Leaves  taft'e  like  Sorrel.  Some  are  about  a  Foot  or  ten 
Inches  Diameter.    I  am  unacquainted  with  its  Vertues  at 

prefent.  , 

Of  Pines,  there  are,  in  Carolina,  at  leaft,  four  forts.  The 
Pitch-Pine,  growing  to  a  great  Bignefs,  molt  commonly  has 
but  a  fhort  Leaf.  Its  Wood  (being  replete  with  abundance 
of  Bitumen)  is  fo  durable,  that  it  ieems  to  fuffer  no  Decay, 
tho'  expofed  to  all  Weathers,,  fortnany  Ages-,  and  is  ufed 
in  feveral  Domeftick  and  Plantation  Ufes.  This  Tree  affords 
the  four  great  NecefTaries,  Pitch,  Tar,  Rozin,  and  Turpen- 
tine •,  which  two  lalt  are  extrafted  by  tapping,  and  the  Heat 
of  the  Sun,  the  other  two  by  the  Heat  of  the  Fire. 

The  white  and  yellow  Pines  are  faw'd  into  Planks  for  feve- 
ral Ufes.  They  make  Malts,  Yards,  and  a  great  many  o- 
ther  Neceflaries  therewith,  the  Pine  being  the  moll  ufeful 
Tree  in  the  Woods. 

The  Almond-Pine  ferves  for  Malts  very  well.  As  tor  the 
Dwarf-Pine,  it  is  for  Shew  alone,  being  an  Ever-green,  as 

they  all  are.  '        .  , 

The  Hiccory  is  of  the  Walnut-kind,  and  bears  a  Nut  as 
thev  do   of  which  there  are  found  three  forts.    The  firft  is 

J  '     .  i.    .  i  .., u:.-„    "CJ7>y-«^Tr  Tf-    Jo    not1    ct 


Hiccory 
the  befi 


r  i 


tire-mod.  JJJ  which  we  call  the  common  white  Hiccory.     It  is  not  a 
durable  Wood  ;  for  if  cut  down,  and  expofed  to  the  Wea- 
ther, it  will  be  quite  rotten,  and  fpoil'din  three  Years;  as 
will  HkeWife  the  Beech  of  this  Country.    Hiccory  Nuts  have 
verv  hard  Shells,  but  excellent  fweet  Kernels,  with  which, 
'in  a  plentiful  Year,  the  old  Hogs,   that  can  crack  them, 
fatten  themfelves,  and  make  excellent  Pork.    Thefe  Nuts 
are  eotten   in  great  Quantities,  by  the  savages,  and  laid 
^pforstores,  of  which  they  make  feveral  Dimes  and  Ban- 
quets     One  of  thefe  I  cannot  forbear  mentioning  j  it .is 
this  •  They  take  thefe  Nuts,  and  break  them  very  frnall  be- 
.   twixt  two  Stones,  till  the  Shells  aad  Kernels  are  indifferent 
fms'll  •   And  this  Powder  you  are  prefeuted  withal  in  tneir 
Sb^    in  little  wooden  Dimes-,    the  Kernel  diflblves  in 
■your  Mouth,  and  the  Shell  is  fpit  out     This  taltes  as  well 
as  any  Almond.      Another  Difli  is  the   Soup  which  they 
make  of  thefe  Nuts,  beaten,  and  put  «f?  Vemfon-Broth, 
which  difTolves  the  Nut,  and  thickens,  whillt  the  Shell  pre- 
cipitates, and  remains  at  the  bottom.    This  Broth  taltes 


c/CAROLl  NL &T 


99 


™    the  Heart  thereof  being  very  red,  firm  and  durable  ,  of  <> 
Sh'fchW.1 king-Sticks,  Moltar.    Peftils    and  toote 
fine  Turnery-wares  are  made    .T^-thud  is  ca »  a  tnc  *£ 
;nfr  barkM  Hiccory,  from  its  brittle  and  icaly  Bark.     It  beais 
a  £ut  with      bitler  Kernel  and  a/oft  Shell,  liKe  .  W 
Walnut      Of  this  Wood,  Coggs  for  Mills  are  made,  m 

fuppofe, that  Name  was,  at  firft,  to  diftinguifh  u  trom  the 
Hkcories,  it  having  a  blacker  Bark.  This  Tree  grows,  m 
Sod  S  to  a  prodigious  Bignefs.  The  Wood  is  very 
firm  and  durable,  of  which  Tables  and  Chefts  of  Drawers 
aremade,  and  prove  very  welk  Some  of  this  is  very  knotty 
which  would  make  the  belt  Returns  for  England  tho  the 
Mafters  of  Veffels  refufe  it,  not  undemanding  its  Goodnefs. 
'Tis  a  very  good  and  durable  Wood,  to  bottom  Veffels  for 
the  Sea  withal  5  and  they  fay,  that  it  is  never  eaten  by  the 
Worm.  The  Nuts  have  a  large  Kernel,  which  is  very  oily, 
except  lain  by,  a  long  time,  to  mellow.  The  Shell  is  very 
thick,  as  all  the  native  Nuts  of  America  are.  When  it  has 
its  yellow  outward  Coat  on,  it  looks  and  fmells  much  like  a 

^he  Maple,  of  which  we  have  two  forts,  isufed  to  makeM^. 
Trenchers,  Spinning-wheels,  &c.  withal. 

Chinkapin  is  a  fort  of  Chefnut,  whofe  Nuts  are  1110ft  com-Cbuila. 
monly  very  plentiful ;  infomuch  that  the  Hogs  get  fat  with  Piru 
them.    They  are  rounder  and  fmaller  than  a  Chefnut,  but      , 
much  fweeter.    The  Wood  is  much  of  the  Nature  of  Chef- 
nut, having  a  Leaf  and  Grain  almoft  like  it.    It  is  ufed  to 
timber  Boats,  Shallops,  &c.  and  makes  any  thing  that  is  to- 
endure  the  Weather.    This  and  the  Hiccory  are  very  tough 
Rods  ufed  to  whip  Horfes  withal ;  yet  their  Wood,  m  Sub- 
fiance    is  very  brittle.    This  Tree  the  Vine  much  delights 
to  twift  about.    It's  good  Fire-Wood,  but  very  fparkling,, 
as  well  as  Saffafras.  ,.      ■     ., 

The  Birch  grows  all  on  the  Banks  of  our  Rivers,  very  high  *trt*. 
up.    I  never  faw  a  Tree  on  the  Salts.     It.  differs  fpme thing, 
in  Bark,  from  the  European  Birch    Its  Buds  in  April  are  eaten 
by'  the  Parrakeetos,  which  refort,  from  all  Parts,,  at  that 
Seafon-,  to  feed  thereon.    Where  this  Wood  grows,  we  are, 

not 


iOO 


The  Natural  Hiftory 


Willow. 
Sycamore. 


A/pin*. 
-HoUj. 

J{ed-Bud. 

VcUitorj. 


JirroyO' 

■  ll'OOi. 


not  yet  feated  •,   and  as  to  the  Wine,  or  other  Profits  it 
would  yield,  we  are,  at  prefent,  Strangers  to. 

The  Willow,  here,  likewife  differs  both  in  Bark  and  Leaf. 
It  is  frequently  found  on  the  Banks  of  frefh  Water,  as  the 
Birch  is. 

The  Sycamore,  in  thefe  Parts,  grows  in  a  low,  fwampy 
Land,  by  River-fides.  Its  Bark  is  quite  different  from  the 
Englijh,  and  the  molt  beautiful  I  ever  faw,  being  mottled 
and  clowded  with  feveral  Colours,  as  white,  blue,  &c.  It 
bears  no  Keys  but  a  Bur  like  the  fweet  Gum.  Its  Ufes  I  am 
ignorant  of. 

I  never  faw  any  Afpin,  but  in  Rapahannock-River,  from 
whence  I  brought  one,  (that  was  prefented  me  there  as  a  great 
Prefent)  but  it  died  by  the  way. 

Of  Holly  we  have  two  forts  •,  one  having  a  large  Leaf,  the 
other  a  fmaller.  They  grow  very  thick  in  our. low  Woods. 
Many  of  them  are  very  ftrait,  and  two  Foot  Diameter. 
They  make  good  Trenchers,  and  other  Turnery- Ware. 

The  Red-Bud-Tree  bears  a  purple  Lark-Heel,  and  is  the 
belt  Sallad,  of  any  Flower  I  ever  faw.  It  is  ripe  in  April  and 
May.  They  grow  in  Trees,  generally  final],  but  fome  are  a 
Foot  Diameter. 

Pelletory  grows  on  the  Sand-Banks  and  Iilands.  It  is  ufed 
to  cure  the  Tooth-ach,  by  putting  a  Piece  of  the  Bark  in  the 
Mouth,  which  being  very  hot,  draws  a  Rhume  from  the 
Mouth,  and  caufes  much  Spittle.  The  Indians  ufe  it  to 
make  their  Compofition,  which  they  give  to  their  young  Men 
and  Boys,  when  they  are  hufquenaw'd,  of  which  you  fhall 
hear  farther,  when  I  come  to  treat  of  the  Cuftorns,  &c.  of 
that  People. 

Arrow- Wood,  growing  on  the  Banks,  is  ufed,  by  the  In- 
r,  for  Aitows  and  Gun-Sticks.    It  grows  as  ftrait,  as  if 


itans. 


plain'd,  and  rs  of  all  Sizes.  'Tis  as  tough  and  pliable,  as  the 
fmalleft  Canes. 

■Ckfriut.  The  Chefnut-Tree  of  Carolina,  grows  up  towards  the  hilly 
Part  thereof,  is  a  very  large  and  durable  Wood,  and  fit  for 
Houfe-Frames,  Palifado's,  Sills,  and  many  other  Ufes.  The 
Nut  is  fmaller  than  thofe  from  Portugal,  but  fweeter. 

4/ik-Vine.  This  is  no  Tree,  but  call'd  the  Oak- Vine,  by  reafon  it 
bears  a  fort  of  Bur  as  the  Oak  does,  aad  generally  runs  up 
thofe  Trees.  It's  fo  porous,  that  you  fuck  Liquors  thro'  a 
Length  of  two  Foot.  Prickly,- 


Ji-';i 


■1 


of  CAROLINA. 


IOI 


Prickly-Alh  grows  up  like  a  Pole  •,  of  which  the  Indians 
and  Ewlijb  make  Poles  to  fet  their  Canoes  along  in  Shoal- 
Water.  It's  very  light,  and  fall  of  Thorns  or  Prickles,  bear- 
ing Berries  in  large  Clatters-,  of  a  purple  Colour,  not  much 
unlike  the  Alder.  The  Root  of  this  Tree  is  Catbartick 
and  Emetick,  ufed  in  Cachexies. 

The  Poifon  Vine  is  fo  called,  becaufe  it  colours  the  Hands  W* 
of  thofe  who  handle  it.  What  the  Effcds  of  it  may  be,  1 
cannot  relate  \  neither  do  I  believe,  that  any  has  made  an 
Experiment  thereof.  The  Juice  of  this  will  ftain  Linnen, 
never  to  waft  out.  It  marks  a  blackifh  blue  Colour,  which  is 
done  only  by  breaking  a  bit  of  the  Vine  off,  and  writing 
what  you  pleafe  therewith.  I  have  thought,  that  the  Eaft- 
Jndia  Natives  fet  their  Colours,  by  fome  fuch  Means,  into 
their  fineft  Callicoes.  It  runs  up  any  Tree  it  meets  withal, 
and  clafps  round  about  it.  The  Leaves  are  like  Hemlock, 
and  fall  off  in  Winter. 

Of  Canes  and  Reeds  we  have  many  forts.  The  hollow  Reed,  cme%  mi 
or  Cane,  fuch  as  Angling-Rods  are  made  of,  and  Weavers  Heeds. 
ufe,  we  have  great  Plenty  of,  though  none  to  the  Northward 
of  fames-River  in  Virginia.  They  always  grow  in  Branches 
and  low  Ground.  Their  Leaves  endure  the  Winter,  in 
which  Seafon  our  Cattle  eat  them  greedily.  We  have  them 
(towards  the  Heads  of  our  divers)  fo  large,  that  one  Joint 
will  hold  above  a  pint  of  Liquor. 

The  fmall  Bamboo  is  next,  which  is  a  certain  Vine,  like  Bamboo, 
the  reft  of  thefe  Species,  growing  in  low  Land.  They  fel- 
dom,  with  us,  grow  thicker  than  a  Man's  little  Finger, 
and  are  very  tough.  Their  Root  is  a  round  Ball,  which  ' 
the  Indians  boil  as  we  do  Garden-Roots,  and  eat  them.  When 
thefe  Roots  have  been  fome  time  out  of  the  Ground,  they 
become  hard,  and  make  good  Heads  to  the  Canes,  on  which 
feveral  pretty  Figures  may  be  cut.  There  are  feveral  o- 
thers  of  this  kind,  not  thoroughly  difcover'd.  fin,Paifflete 

Tliat  Talmeto  grows  with  us,  which  we  call  the  dwarfifli  **"*>*»• 
fort;  but  the  Palmeto-Tree  I  have  not  yet  met  withal  in 
North-Carolina,  of  which  you  have  a  Defcnption  elfewhere. 
We  mail  next  treat  of  the  Spontaneous  Fruits  of  this 
Country  •,  and  then  proceed  to  thofe  that  have  been  tranf- 
planted  from  Europe,  and  other  Parts. 


The  Natural  Hifiory 


Per  fm- 


Among  the  natural  Fruits,  the  Vine  firft  takes  place, 
of  which  I  find  fix  forts,  very  well  known.  The  firft  is 
the  black  Bunch-Grapes,  which  yield  a  Crimfoa  Juice.  Thefe 
grow  common,  and  bear  plentifully.  They  arc  of  a  good 
Relifh,  though  not  large,  yet  well  knit  in  the  Clutters. 
They  have  a  thickifh  Skin,  and  large  Stone,  which  makes 
them  not  yield  much  Juice.  There  is  another  fort  of  Black- 
Grapes  like  the  former,  inallrefpe&s,  fave  that  their  Juice 
is  of  a  light  Fie  fh-  Col  our,  inclining  to  a  White.  I  once 
faw  a  Spontaneous  white  Bunch-Grape  in  Carolina;  but 
the  Cattle  browzing  on  the  Sprouts  thereof  in  the  Spring, 
it  died.  Of  thofe  which  we  call  Fox-Grapes,  we  have  four 
forts  }  two  whereof  are  called  Summer-Grapes,  becaufe 
ripe  in  July  •,  the  other  two  Winter-Fruit,  becaufe  not  ripe 
till  September  or  OBoher.  The  Summer  Fox-Grapes  grow 
not  in  Clutters,  or  great  Bunches,  but  are  about  live  or  fix 
in  a  Bunch,  about  the  Bignefs  of  a  Damfon,  or  larger. 
The  black  fort  are  frequent,  the  white  not  fo  common- 
ly found.  They  always  grow  in  Swamps,  and  low  moiffc 
Lands,  running  fometimes  very  high,  and  being  fhady,  and 
therefore  proper  for  Arbours.  They  afford  the  largeft  Leaf 
I  ever  faw,  to  my  remembrance,  the  Back  of  which  is  of  a 
white  Horfe-flefh  Colour.  This  Fruit  always  ripens  in  the 
Shade.  I  have  tranfplanted  them  into  my  Orchard,  and  find 
they  thrive  well,  if  manured :  A  Neighbour  of  mine  has 
done  the  fame  •,  mine  Were  by  Slips,  his  from  the  Roots, 
which  thrive  to  Admiration,  and  bear  Fruit,  tho'  not  fo 
juicy  as  the  European  Grape,  but  of  a  glutinous  Nature* 
However,  it  is  pleafant  enough  to  eat. 

The  other  Winter  Fox-Grapes,  are  much  of  the  fame  Big- 
nefs. Thefe  refufe  no  Ground,  fwampy  or  dry,  but  grow- 
plentifully  on  the  Sand-Hills  along  the  Sea-Coaft,  and 
elfewhere,  and  are  great  Bearers.  I  have  feen  near  twelve 
Bufhels  upon  one  Vine  of  the  black  fort.  Some  of  thefe,  when- 
thoroughly  ripe,  have  a  very  pretty  vinous  Tafte,  and  eat 
very  well,  yet  are  glutinous.  The  white  fort  are  clear  and 
tranfparent,  and  indifferent  fmall  Stones.  Being  removed  by 
the  Slip  or  Root,  they  thrive  well  in,  our  Gardens,  and 
make  pleafant  Shades. 

Terfimmon  is  a  Tree,  that  agrees  with  all  Lands  and  Soils. 
Their  Fruit,   when  ripe,   is  nearefl:  our  Medlar  \  if  eatea 

before. 


*f  CAROLINA. 


103 


before,  draws  your  Mouth  up  like  a  Purfe,  being  the  greateft 
Aftringent  I  ever  met  withal,  therefore  very  ufeful  in  fome 
Cafes.  The  Fruit,  if  ripe,  will  prefently  cleanfe  a  foul 
Wound,  but  caufes  Pain.  The  Fruit  is  rotten,  when  ripe, 
and  commonly  contains  four  flat  Kernels,  calPd  Stones, 
which  is  the  Seed.  'Tis  faid,  the  Cortex  Peruvianm  comes  from 
a  Perjimmon-Tree,  that  grows  in  New-Spain.  I  have  try'd 
the  Drying  of  this  Bark,  to  imitate  it,  which  it  does  tolerably- 
well,  and  agrees  therewith.  It  is  binding  enough  to  work 
the  fame  Effect.  The  Tree,  in  extraordinary  Land,  comes 
fometimes  to  two  Foot  Diameter,  though  not  often.  There 
are  two  forts  of  this  Fruit ;  one  ripe  in  Summer,  the  other 
when  the  Froft  vifitsus. 

We  have  three  forts  of  Mulberries,  befides  the  different Multity: 
Bignefs  of  fome  Tmees  Fruit.  The  firfl  is  the  common  red 
Mulberry,  whofe  Fr#k  is  the  earlieft  we  "have,  (except  the 
Strawberries^  and "very  fweet.  Thefe  Trees  make  a  very 
fine  Shade,  to  lit  under  in  Summer-time.  They  are  found 
wild  in  great  Quantities,  wherever  the  Land  is  light  and 
rich-,  yet  their  Fruit  is  much  better  when  they  ftandopen.  " 
They  are  ufed  inftead  of  Raifins  and  Currants,  and  make 
feveral  pretty  Kickfhaws.  They  yield  a  tranfparent  Crim- 
foil  Liquor,  which  would  make  good  Wine  \  but  few  Peo- 
ples Inclinations  in  this  Country  tend  that  way.  The 
others  are  a  fmooth-leav'd  Mulberry,  fit  for  the  Silk- Worm. 
One  bears  a  White  Fruit,  which  is  common  ^  the  other  bears 
a  fmall  black  Berry,  very  fweet.  They  would  perfuade 
me.  there,  that  the  black  Mulberry  with  the  Silk- Worm 
fmooth  Leaf,  was  a  white  Mulberry,  and  changed  its  Fruit. 
The  Wood  hereof  is  very  durable,  and  where  the  Indians 
cannot  get  Locuft,  they  make  ufe  of  this  to  make  their  Bows, 
This  Tree  grows  extraordinary  round  and  pleafant  to  the 
Eye.  -. 

The  Hiccory,  Walnut,  Chinkapin  and  Chefnut,  with  their 
Fruits,  we  have  mention'd  before. 

The  Hazle-Nut  grows  plentifully  in  fome  places  of  this^R^. 
Country  ^   efpecially,  towards  the   Mountains  ,  but  owx%mu 
are  not  fo  good  as  the  Englifh  Nuts,  having  a  much  thic- 
ker Shell  (like  all  the  Fruits  of  America^  that  I  ever  met 
withal)  which  in  Hardnefs  exceeds  thofe  of  Europe. 

P  2  -  The 


104. 


The  Natural  Hifiory 


Bhrt- 
Ckerriss. 


Hurls. 


The  Cherries  of  the  Woods  grow  to  be  very  large  Trees. 
One  fort,  which  is  rarely  found,  is  red?  and  not  much  un- 
like the  Cornel-Berry.  But  the  common  Cherry  grows  high, 
and  in  Bunches,  like  Englijh  Currants,  but  mnch  larger. 
They  are  of  a  bitterifh  fweet  Relifh,  and  are  equally  valua- 
ble with  our  fmall  Black-Cherries,  for  anlnfufion  inspi- 
rits. They  yield  a  crimfon  Liquor,  and  are  great  Bearers. 
lasbernes.  Our  Rasberries  are  of  a  purple  Colour,  and  agreeable  Re- 
lifh, almoft  like  the  Englijh  -7  but  I  reckon  them  not  quite 
fo  rich.  When  once  planted,  'tis  hard  to  root  them  out. 
They  run  wild  all  over  the  Country,  and  will  bear  the 
fame  Year  you  tranfplant  them,  as  I  have  found  by  Ex- 
perience. 

The  Hurts,  Huckle-Berries,  or  Blues  of  this  Country^ 
are  four  forts,  which  we  are  well  acquainted  withal;  but 
more  Species  of  this  fort,  and  all  others,-  Time  and  Enquiry 
mull  difcover.  The  firit  fort  is  the  fame  Blue  or  Bilberry, 
that  grows  plentifully  in  the  North  of  England;  and  in 
other  Places,  commonly  on  your  Heaths,  Commons,  and 
Woods,  where  Brakes  or  Fern  grows. 

The  fecond  fort  grows  on  a  fmall  Bufh  in  our  Savannas  and 
Meads,  and  in.  -the  Woods.  They  are  larger  than  the  com- 
mon Fruit,  and  have  larger  Seed. 

The  third  grows  on  the  fmgle  Stem  of  a  Stick  thatrgrows 
in  low  good  Land,  and  on  the  Banks  of  Rivers.  They  grow 
three  or  four  Foot  high,  and  are  very  -pleafant like  the  firfb 
iort,  but  larger. 

The  fourth  fort  grows  upon  Trees,  fome  ten  and  twelve 
Foot  high,  and  the  Thicknefs  of  a  Man's  Arm ,  thefe  are 
iound  in  the  Runs  and  low  Grounds,  and  are  very  plea- 
fant, .and  bear  wonderfully.  The  Enghjh  fometimes  dry 
them:  in  the  Sun,  and  keep  them  to  ufe  in  the  Winter,  inftead 
of  Currants.  The  Indians  get  many  Buihels,  and  dry  them 
on  Mats*  whereof  they  make  Plum-Bread,  and  many  other 
Eatables.    They  are  good  in  Tarts,  or  infufed  in  Liquors. 

In  the  fame  Ground,  commonly  grows  the  Piemento,  or 
All -Spice- Tree,  whofe  Berries  differ  in  ihape  from 
thofe  in  t\e  Weft* Indies,  being  Taper  or  Conick,  yet- not 
mfenour  to  any  of  that  fort..  This  Tree  grows  much  like 
the  Hurts,  and  is- of  the  fame  Biguefs.  I.  have  known  it 
tranfplant'ed  to  high  Land,, where  it  thrives. 

Our 


Piemen 
to.  -    \ 


o/CAROLIN  A. 


105 


Oar  Dew-Berries  are  very  good.    But  the  Black-Berries^- 
are  bitterilh,  and  not  fo  palatable,  as  in  England.  _    v£  ' 

The  Sugar-Tree  ought  to  have  taken  place  before.  It  isSugarTreet 
found  in  no  other  parts  of  Carolina  or  America,  that  1  ever 
learnt  but  in  Places  that  are  near  the  Mountains.  It  s  molt 
like  one  fort  of  Maple,  of  any  Tree,  and  may  be  rank'd 
amongft  that  kind.  This  Tree,  which,  I  am  told,  is  of  a 
very  tedious  Growth,  is  found  very  plentifully  towards  the 
Heads  of  fome  of  our  Rivers.  The  Indians  tap  it,  and 
make  Gourds  to  receive  the  Liquor,  which  Operation  is  done 
at  diftind  and  proper  times,  when  it  belt  yields  its  Juice,  of 
which,  when  the  Indians  have  gotten  enough,  they  carry  it 
home,  and  boil  it  to  a  juit  Cbnfiitence  of  Sugar,  which- 
grains  of  itfelf,  and  ferves  for  the,  fame  Ufes,  as  other  Su- 
gar does.  ....  r 

The  Pa-pau  is  not  a  large  Tree.  Lthink,  I  never  faw  one  a  Papail,_ 
Foot  through  •,  but  has  the  broadeft  Leaf  of  any  Tree  in 
the  Woods,  and  bears  an  Apple  abouttheBignefsofa  Hen  s 
Eeg  yellow,  foft,  and  as  fweet,  as  any  thing  can  well  -be, 
Thiy  make  rare  Puddings  -of  this  Fruit.  The  Apple  con- 
tains a  large  Stone.  ■     s'rl-I  .  uruv  ■ 

The  wild  Fig  grows  in  Virginia,  up  in  the  Mountains,  zsWMBg, 
I  am  inform'd  by  a  Gentleman  of  my  acquaintance,  who 
is  a  Perfon  of  Credit,  and  a  great  Traveller  in  America. 
I  fhall  be  glad  to  have  an  Opportunity  to  makeTryal  what 
Improvement  might  be  made  of  this  wild  Frnit,  ;      ■  ■      '     ■ 

The  wild  Plums  of  America  are  of  feveral  forts.  Thofe^™^ 
which  I  can  give  an  account  of  from  my  own  Knowledge, 
I  will,  and  leave  the  others  till  a  farther  Difcovery.  The 
moft  frequent  ts  that  which  we  call  the  common  Indian 
Plumf  of  which  there  are  two  forts^  if  not  more.  One  of 
thefe  is  ripe  much  fooner  than  the  other,  and  differs  in 
the  Bark  \  one  of  the  Barks  being,  very  fcaly,  like  our 
American  Birch,  Thefe  Trees,  when  in  Bloffom,  fmell  as 
fweet  as  any  Jeffamine,  and  look  as  white  as  a  Sheet,  be- 
ing fomething  prickly.  You  may  make  it  grow  to  what 
Shape  you  pleafe  }  they  -are  very  ornamental  about  a  Houfe, 
and  make  a  wonderful  fine  Shew  at  a  Diftance,  in  the  Spring, 
becaufe  of  t-hfeir  white  Livery.  Their  Fruit  is  red,  and  very, 
palatable  to  the  lick.  They  are  of  a  quick  Growth,  and 
will  bear -from  the  Stone  in  five  Years,  on  their  Stock.  The 


9iiT 


Mnglijfj 


io6 


The  Natural  Hifiory 


DamfoKs 
of  Ame- 
rica, 


Winter 
yCurram. 


■ 


Bermu- 
.•das  Cur- 

grants. 

|  April 
Currants. 


$ti  Haws. 


Engiifli  large  black  Plum  thrives  well,  as  does  the  Cherry, 
being  grafted  thereon. 

The  American  Damfons  are  both  black  and  white^  and  a- 
bout  the  Bignefs  of  an  European  Damfon.  They  grow  any 
where,  if  planted  from  the  Stone  or  Slip  \  bear  a  white 
Bloffom,  and  are  a  good  Fruit.  They  are  found  on  the 
Sand-Banks  all  along  the  Coaft  of  America,  i  have  planted 
feveral  in  my  Orchard,  that  came  from  the  Stone,  which 
thrive  well  araongfl:  the  reftof  my  Trees.  But  they  never 
grow  to  the  Bignefs  of  the  other  Trees  now  fpoken  of.  Thefe 
are  plentiful  Bearers. 

There  is  a  third  fort  of  Plum  about  the  Bignefs  of  the 
Damfon.  The  Tree  is  taller,  ieidom  exceeding  ten  Inches 
in  Thicknefs.  The  Plum  feems  to  tafte  phyfically,  yet  I 
never  found  any  Operation  it  had,  except  to  make  their 
Lips  fore,  that  eat  them.  The  Wood  is  fomething  porous, 
but  exceeds  any  Box,  for  a  beautiful  Yellow. 

There  is  a  very  pretty,  bufhy  Tree,  about  feven  or  eight 
Foot  high,  very  fpreadiug,  which  bears  a  Winter-Fruit,  that 
is  ripe  in  O&cber.  They  call  'em  Currants,  but  they  are 
nearer  a  Hurt.  I  have  eaten  very  pretty  Tarts  made  there- 
of. They  dry  them  inftead  of  Currants.  This  Bum  is  very 
beautiful.  » ■  ■      \        .  . 

The  Bermudas  Currants  grow  in  the  Woods  on  a  Bum, 
much  like  the  European  Currant.  Some  People  eat  them  very 
much-,  but  for  my  part,  I  can  fee  nothing  inviting  in  them, 
and  reckon  them  a  very  indifferent  Ft  uit. 

We  have  another  Currant,  which  grows  on  the  Banks  of 
Rivers,  or  where  only  Clay  hath  been  thrown  up.  This 
Fruit  is  red,  and  gone  almoft  as  foon  as  come.  They 
are  a  pretty  Fruit  whilft  they  Jail,  and  the  Tree  (for 
'tis  not  a  Bufh)  they  grow  upon,  is  a  very  pleafant  Ve- 

getable.  *. 

The  Haw-thorn  grows  plentifully  in  fome  parts  of  this 
Country.  The  Haws  are  quite  different  from  thofe  in  Eng- 
land, being  four  times  as  big,  and  of  a  very  pleafant  agree- 
able Tafte.  We  make  no  ufe  of  this  Plant,  nor  any  other,  for 
Hedges,  becaufe  Timber  is-  fo  plentiful'  at  prefent.  In  my 
Judgment,  the  Honey-Locuft  would  be  the  fitteft  for 
Hedges-,  becaufe  it  is  very  apt  to Ihoot  forth  many  Sprouts 
and  Succours  from  the  Roots  j  befides,  it  is  of  a  guickGrowth, 
and  very  prickly-  (     >  Til€ 


of  C  A  R  O  L  1 N  A. 


107 


The  Black  Haw  grows  on  a  (lender  Tree,  about  the-He  §ht  £<£ 
of  a  Quince-Tree,  or  fomething  higher,  and  bears  thablack 
Haw    which  People  eat,  and  the  Birds  covet  alio.    What 
Vertues  the  Fruit  or  Wood  is  of,  I  cannot  refolveyou,  at 

PITnus  have  I  given  an  Account  of  all  the  Spontaneous 
Fruits  of  Carolina,  that  have  come  to  my  Knowledge,  ex- 
cepting Services,  which  I  have  feen  in  the  Indians  Hands, ^^/^ 
and  eat  of  them,  but  never  faw,  how  nor  where  they  grew. 
There  may  very  well  be  expected  a  great  many  more  Fruits* 
which  are  the  natural  Product  of  this  Country,  when 
we  confider  the  Fruitfulnefs  of  the  Soil  and  Climate,  and 
account  for  the  vaft  Trad  of  Land,  (great  part  of  which  is- 
not  vet  found  out)  according  to  the  Produdt  of  that  which  is 
already  difcover'd,  which  (as  I  once  hinted  before)  is  not 
as  vet  arriv'd  to  our  Knowledge,  we  having  very  little  or 
no  Correfpondence  amongft  the  mountainous  Parts  of  this 
Province,  and  towards  the  Country  of  Mejfiajippi,  all  which; 
we  have  ftrange  Accounts  of,  and  fome  very  large  ones,  with 
refped  to  the  different  and  noble  Fruits,  and  feveral  other 
Ornaments  and  Bleffings  of  Nature  which  Mefliafippi  poffefles  £ 
more  to  be  coveted,  than  any  of  thofe  we  enjoy,  to  the  . 
Eaftward  of  the  Mountains:  Yet  when  I  came  to  difcourfe 
fome  of  the  Idolizers  of  that  Country,  I  found  it  to  be  rather 
Novelty,  than  Truth  and  Reality,  that  induced  thofe  Per- 
fons  to  allow  it  fiich  Excellencies  above  others.  It  may  be  a 
brave  and  fertile  Country,  as  I  believe  it  is  -y  but  I  cannot  be 
perfuaded ,  that  it  can  be  near  fo  advantageous  as  ours, 
which  is  much  better  fituated  for  Trade,  being  faced  all 
along  with  the  Ocean,  as  the  Englifi  America  is;  when  the 
other  is  only  a  direct  River,  in  the  midft  of  a  wild  unknown 
Land,  greateft  part  of  whofe  Product  muft  be  fetch'd,  or 
brought  a  great  way,  before  it  can  come  to  a  Market.  More- 
over, fuch  great  Rivers  commonly  allow  of  more  Princes  Ter- 
ritories than  one-,  and  thus  nothing  but  War  and  Contention 
accompanies  the  Inhabitants  thereof. 

.  But  not  to  trouble  our  Readers  with  any  more  of  this,  we 
will  proceed,  in  the  next  place,  to  fhew,  what  Exatkk  Fruit* 
we  have,  that  thrive  well  in  Carolina;  and  what  others, 
it  may  reafonably  befappos'-d,  would  do  there,  were  they 
brought  thither  and  planted*    In purfuance  of  which,  I  will 


io8 


The  Natural  Hifiory 


jppks,.'. 


i: 


Tet  down  a  Catalogue  of  what  Fruits  we  have;  I  mean  Spe- 
cies :  For  fliould  I  pretend  to  give  a  regular  Name  to  every 
one  ;  it's  neither  poffible  for  me  to  do  it,  nor  for  any  one 
to  underftand  it,  when  done  ;  if  weconfider,  that  the  chiefeft 
part  of  our  Fruit  came  from  the  Kernel,  and  fome  others 
from  the  Succours,  or  Sprouts' of  the  Tree,  Firft,  we  will 
begin  with  Apples;  which  are  the 

Golden  Rufet. 

,    I  Summer. 

■Harwy-jippie,  I  cannot  tell,  whether  the  lame  as  in  %tim 
land.  s 

Winter  Queening. 
Leather  Coat. 
Junking. 
Codlin. 
Redflreak. 
Long-fialh 
Lady-Finger* 

The  Golden  Ruflet  thrives  well. 

The  Pearmains,  of  both  forts,  are  apt  to  fpeck,  and  rot 
on  the  Trees ;  and  the  Trees  are  damaged  and  cut  off  by 
the  Worm,  which  breeds  in  the  Forks,  and  other  parts 
thereof;  and  often  makes  a  Circumpofition,  by  deftroying 
the  Bark  round  the  Branches,  till  it  dies. 

Harvey-Apple;  that  which  we  call  fo,  is  efteem'd  very 
good  to  make  Cider  of. 

Winter  Queening  is  a  durable  Apple,  and  makes  good 
Cider.  '  ■ 

Leather-Coat ;  both  Appleand  Tree  ftand  well. 

The  Juniting  is  early  ripe,  and  foon  gone,  in  thefewarm 
Countries. 

Codlin;  no  better,  and  fairer  Fruit  in.  the  World;  yet 
the  Tree  fufFers  the  fame  Diftemper,  as  the  Pearmains,  or 
rather  worfe;  the  Trees  always  dying  before  they  come  to 
their  Growth. 

The  Redftreak  thrives  very  well. 

Long-ftalk  is  a  large  Apple,  with  a  long  Stalk,  and  makes 
good  Summer  Cider. 

We 


of  C  A  R  O  L I  N  A. 


109 


Webeatthefirft  of  our  Codlin  Cider,  againft  reaping  our 
Wheat,  which  is  from  the  tenth  of  June,  to  the  five  and 
twentieth. 

Lady-Finger,  the  long  Apple,  the  fame  as  in  England,  and 
full  as  good.  We  have  innumerable  forts ;  fome  call'd  Rope- 
Apples  which  are  fmall  Apples,  hanging  like  Ropes  of  Oni- 
ons-, Flattings,  Grigfons,  Cheefe- Apples,  and  a  great  num- 
ber of  Names,  given  according  to  every  ones  Difcretion. 

The  Warden-Pear  here  proves  a  good  eating  Pear;    andp<?<£"; 
is  not  fo  long  ripening  as  in  England. 

Katharine  excellent. 

Sugar-pear. 

And  feveral  others  without  Name,  The  Bergamot  we  - 
have  not ,  nor  either  of  the  Bonne  Chreftiennes,  though 
I  hear  ,  they  are  all  three  in  Virginia.  Thofe  forts  Of  Pea'rs 
which  we  have,  are  as  well  relifht,  as  ever  I  eat  any  where  ; 
but  that  Fruit  is  of  very  fliort  Continuance  with  us,  for  they 
are  gone  almoft  as  foon  as  ripe. 

I  am  not  a  Judge  of  the  different  forts  of  Quinces,  which  Quinces* 
they  call  Brunfwick,  Portugal,  and  Barbary -,  But  as  to  the 
Fruit,  in  general,  I  believe  no  Place  has  fairer  and  better 
relifht.  They  are  very  pleafant  eaten  raw.  Of  this  Fruit, 
they  make  a  Wine ,  or  Liquor,  which  they  call  Quince- 
Drink,  and  which  I  approve  of  beyond  any  Drink  which  that 
Country  affords ,  though  a  great  deal  of  Cider  and  fome 
Perry  is  there  made.  The  Quince-Drink  moft  commonly 
purges  thofe  that  firft  drink  it,  and  cleanfes  the  Body  very 
well.  The  Argument  of  the  Phyficians,  that  they  bind  Peo-  . 
pie,  is  hereby  contradicted,  unlefs  we  allow  the  Quinces  to 
differ  in  the  two  Countries.  The  leaft  Slip  of  this  Tree 
ftuck  in  the  Ground,  comes  to  bear  in  three  years.     -    [ 

All  Peaches,  with  us,  are  Handing;  neither  have  weanyPe#&». 
Wall-Fruit  in  Carolina,  for  we  have  Heat  enough,  and  there- 
fore do  not  require  it.  We  have  a  great  many  forts. of  thia 
Fruit,  which  all  thrive  to  Admiration,  Peach-Trees  coming 
to  Perfection  (with  us)  as  eafiiy  as  the  Weeds.  A  Peach 
falling  on  the  Ground,  brings  a  Peach-Tree  that  fliall  bear  in 
three  years,  or  fometimes  fooner.  Eating  Peaches  in  our 
Orchards  makes  them  come  up  fo  thick  from  the  Kernel,  that 
we  are  forced  to  take  a  great  deal  of  Care,  to  weed  them  out; 
otherwife-they  make  our  Land  a  Wildernefs  of  Peach-Trees. 

Q,  They, 


no 


The  Natural  Hifiory 


\Jpr*e$ch 


They  generally  bear  fo  full,  that  they  break  great  part  of  their  ' 
Limbs  down.  We  have  likewife  very  fair  Ne&arines,  efpeciall^ 
the  red,  that  clings  to  the  Stone ,   the  other  yellow  Fruit, 
that  leaves  the  Stone ,  of  the  kit,  I  have  a  Tree,  that,  molt 
Years,  brings  me  fifteen  or  twenty  Bufhels.    I  fee  no  Fo- 
reign Fruit  like  this,  for  thriving  in  all  forts  of  Land,  and 
bearing  its  Fruit  to  Admiration.    I  want  to  be  fatisfy'd  a-, 
bout  one  fort  of  this  Fruit,  which  the  Indians  claim  as  their 
own,  and  affirm?  they  had  it  growing  amongft  them,  be- 
fore any  Europeans  came  to  America.    The  Fruit  I  will  de- 
fcribe,  as  exactly  as  I  can.    The  Tree  grows  very  large, 
moft  commonly  as  big  as  a  handfome  Apple-tree-,the  Flowers 
are  of  a  reddifh,  murrey  Colour-,  the  Fruit  is  rather  more 
downy,  than  the  yellow  Peach,  and  commonly  very  large 
and  foft,  being  very  full  of  Juice.     They  part  freely  from 
the  Stone,  and  the  Stone  is  much  thicker  than  all  the  other 
Peach  Stones  we  have,  which  feems  to  me,  that  it  is  a  Sponr 
taneous  Fruit  of  America;  yet  in.  thofe  Parts  of  America,  that 
we  inhabit,  I  never  could  hear  that  any  Peach-Trees  were 
ever  found  growing  in  the  Woods  •,  neither  have  the  foreign 
Indians,  that  live  remote  from  theEnglifa  any  other  fort.  And 
Xhofe  living  amongft  us  have  a  hundred  of  this  fort'  for  one 
other  •,   they  are  a  hardy  Fruit ,  and  are  feld'om  damaged 
by  the  North-Eaft  Blafts,  as  others  are.    Of  this  fort  we 
make  Vinegar ;  wherefore  we  call  them  Vinegar-Peaches, 
and  fometimes  iWi<?»-Peaches. 

This  Tree  grows  to  a  vaft  Bignefs,  exceeding  moft  Apple- 
Trees.  Th^y  bear  well,  tho'  fometimes  an  early  Spring 
comes  on  in  February,  and  perhaps,  when  the  Tree'  is  fully 
blown  the  Cloudy  North-Eaft-Winds  which  attend  the  end 
of,  that  Month,  or  the  beginning  of  March,  deftroy  moft 
of  the  Fruit.  The  biggeft  Apricock-Tree  I  ever  faw,  as 
they  told  me,  was  grafted  on  a  Peach-Stock,,  in  the  Ground. 
I  know  of  no  other  fort  with  us,  than  the  Common,  We 
generally  raife  this  Fruit  from  the  Stone,,  which  never  fails 
to  bring  the  fame  Fruit.  Likewife  our  Peach-Stones  effed 
the  fame,  without  fo  much  as  once  miffing,  to  produce  the 
fame  fort  that  the  Stone  came  from..  • 

Damfon,  Damazeen,  and  a  large  round  black  Plum  are  all 

1  have  met  withal  ia  Carolim.    They  thrive  well  enough  $, 

-        '  "  *    , the. 


^/CAROLINA. 


it  i 


the  laft  to  Admiration,  and  becomes  a  very  large  Tree,  if 
in  ftiff  Ground  \  otherwife  they  will  not  do  well. 

Of"  Figs  we  have  two  forts;  One  is  the  low  Bufti-Fig,^- 
which  bears  a  large  Fruit.    If  the  Winter  happens  to  have 
much    Froft,  the    tops  thereof  die,  and    in   the  Spring 
Iprout  again,  and  bear  two  or  three  good  Crops.  . 

The  Tree-Fig  is  a  lefler  Fig,  though  very  fweet.  The 
Tree  grows  to  a  large  Body  and  Shade,  and  generally  brings 
a  good  Burden  *,  efpecially,  if  in  light  Land.  This  Tree 
thrives  ho  where  better,  than  on  the  Sand-Banks  by  the  Sea. 

We  have  the  common  red  and  black  Cherry,  which  bear  Cherries, 
well.  I  never  faw  any  grafted  in  this  Country,  the  com- 
mon excepted,  which  was  grafted  on  an  Indian  Plum-flock, 
and  bore  well.  This  is  a  good  way,  becaufe  our  common 
Cherry-Trees  are  very  apt  to  pot  Scions  all  round  the  Tree* 
for  a  great  Diftance,  which  mult  needs  be  prejudicial  to 
the  Tree  and  Fruit.  Not  only  our  Cherries  are  apt  to  do 
fo,  but  our  Apples  and  molt  other  Fruit-Trees,  which  may 
chiefly  be  imputed  to  the  Negligence  and  Unskilfulnefs  of 
the  Gardener.  Our  Cherries  are  ripe  a  Month  fooner  than  \ 

in  Virginia. 

Goosberries  I  have  feen  of  the  fmaller  fort,  but  find  they  &we*y 
do  not  do  fo  well  as  in  England,  and  to  the  Northward. 
Want  of  Drefling  may  be  fome  Reafon  for  this. 

Currants,  White,  Red,   and  Black,  thrive  here,  as  well  Cmam. 
as  any  where.  • 

Rasberries,  the   red  and  white,  I  never  faw  any  Trial  **&• 
made  of.    But  there  is  no  doubt  of  their  thriving  to  Ad- 
miration, fince  thole  of  the  Country  do  fo  well. 
•    The  Mulberries  are  fpontaneous.   We  have  no  others,  than  Mulberry* 
what  I  have  already  mentioned  in  the  Clafs  of  Natural  Fruits 
of  Carolina. 

Barberry  red,  with  Stones,  and  without  Stones,  grow  B*rberrj„ 
here. 

Strawberries,  not  Foreign,   but  thofe  of  the  Country,  *»*»wr- 
grow  here  in  great  Plenty.   Laft  April  I  planted  a  Bed  of  J* 
two  hundedFoot  in  Length,  which  bore  the  fame  Year. 

Medlars  we  have  none.  Medlar. 

All  forts  of  Walnuts  from  England,  France,  and  Maderas%  Wdm$.% 
thrive  well  from  ftie  Nut. 

Q  "2.  No. 


H2 


Filbert. 


V'ma.. 


'iiiii'ir 


111 


The  Natural  Hiftory 


No  Filberts,  but  Hazle-Nuts  -7  the  Filbert-NufplanteT 
becomes  a  good  Hazle-Nut,  and  no  better. 

As  for  that  noble  Vegetable  the  Vine,  withoutdoubt  it 
may  (m  this  Country)  be  improved,  and  brought  to  the  fame 
Perfection,  as  it  is,  at  this  Day,  in  the  fame  Latitude  in, 
Europe,  fince  the  chiefefb  part  of  this  Country  is  a  deep 
rich,  black  Mould,  which  ,is  up  towards  the  Freflies  and 
Heads  of  our  Rivers,  being  very  rich  and  mix'd  wifh 
Flint,  Pebbles,  and  other  Stones.  And  this.fort  of  Soil  fc 
approv'd  of  (by  all  knowing  Gardeners  and  Vigneroons )  as 
a  proper  Earth,  in  which  the  Grape  chiefly  delights  - 
and  what  feems  to  give  a  farther  Confirmation  hereof  is' 
that  the  largefr.  Vines,  that  were  ever  difcover'd  to  grow- 
wild,  are  found  in  thofe  Parts,  oftentimes  in"  fuch  Plenty 
and  are  fo  interwoven  with  one  another,  that  'tis  impoffible: 
to  pafs  through  them.  Moreover,  in  thefe  Freflies,  to- 
wards the  Hills,  the  Vines  are  above  five  times  bigger  than 
thofe  generally  with  us,  who  are  feated  in  the  Front-parts 
©f  this  Country,  adjoining  to  the  Salts.  Of  the  wild 
Vines,  which  are  raoft  of  them  great  Bearers,  feme  Wine 
has  been  made,  which  I  drank  of.  It  was  very  ftrong  and 
well  relifht  :,  but  what  detains  them  all  from  offering  at 
great  quantities,  they  add,  that  this  Grape  has  a  large  Stone 
and  a  thick  Skin,  and  confeqaently  yields  but  a  fmall  Quan- 
tity of  Wine.  Some  Ehays  of  this  Nature  have  been  made 
by  that  Honourable  Knight,  Sir  Nathanaekjohnfw,  in  South 
Caroling  who,  as  I  am  inform'd,  has  rejected  all  Exotick 
Vines,  and  makes  his  Wine  from  the  natural  black  Grape- 
©f  Carolina,  by  grafting  it  upon  its  own  Stock.  What  Im- 
provement this  may  arrive  to,  I  cannot  tell;  but  in  other 
Species,  I  own  Grafting  and  Imbudding  yields  fpeedy  Fruit 
tho'  I  never  found  that  it  made  them  better. 

New  planted  Colonies  are  generally  attended  with  a 
Force  and  Neceffity  of  Planting  the  known  and  approved 
Staple  and  Produd  of  the  Country,  as  well  as  all  the  Pro- 
*ifio.ns  their  Families  fpend.  Therefore  .we  can  en  terrain. 
but  fmall  hopes  of  the  improvement  of  the  Vine,  till  fome- 
skilful  m,  dreffing  Vines  mail  appear  amongft  us,  and  go, 
gboufc  it,  with  a  Refolution,  that  Ordering  the  Vineyard 
&al  be  one  haif  of  their  Employment-  If  this  be  begua 
m±  earned  on,  with  that  Affiduit^  and  Refolution  which  it 


of  CAROLINA- 


113 


requires,  then  we  may  reafonably  hope  to  fee  this  a  Wine- 
Country  ;  for  then,  when  it  becomes  a  general  Underta- 
king, every  one  will  be  capable  to  add  fomething  to  the 
common  Stock,  of  that  which  he  has  gain'd  by  his  own  Ex- 
perience. This  way  would  foon  make  the  Burden  light,  and 
a  great  many  fhorter  and  exa&er  Curiofities,  and  real 
Truths  would  be  found  out  in  a  fhort  time.  The  trim- 
ming of  Vines,  as  they  do  in  France,  that  is,  to  a  Stump, 
muft  either  here  be  not  follow'd,  or  we  are  not  fenfible  of 
the  exadt  time,  when  they  ought  to  be  thus  pruned  ^  for 
Experience  Jnas  taught  us,  that  the  Enropean  Grape,  fuffer'd 
to  run  and  expand  itfelf  at  large,  has  been  found  to  bear 
as  well  in  America,  as  it  does  in  Europe  \  when,  at  the 
fame  time,  the  fame  fort  of  Vine  trimm'd  to  a  Stump, 
as  before  fpoken  of,  has  born  a  poor  Crop  for  one  Year 
or  two  ;  and  by  its  fpHling,  after-cutting,  emaciated,  and 
in  three  or  four  Years,  died.  This  Experiment,  I  believe, 
has  never  fail'd  -0  for  I  have  trimrn  d  the  natural  Vine  the 
French  way,  which  has  been  attended,  at  laft,  with  the 
fame  Fate.  Wherefore,  it  feems  moft  expedient,  to  leave 
the  Vines  more  Branches  here,  than  in  Europe,  or  let  t hem- 
run  up  Trees,  as  fame  do,  in  Lombard},  upon  Elms.  The 
Mulberries  and -Chinkapin  are  tough,  -and  trimni'd  to  what 
you  pleafe,  therefore  fit  Supporters  of  the  Vines.  Gelding 
and  plucking  away  the  Leaves,  to  haften  the  .ripening  of 
this  Fruit,  may  not  be  unneceflary,  yet  we  Jee  the  natu- 
ral wild  Grape  generally  ripens  in  the  Shade.  Nature  in.- 
this,  and  many  others,  may  prove  a'fure-  Guide.  The 
Twitting  of  the  Stems  to  make  the  Grapes  ripe  together,, 
lofes  no  Juice,  and  may  be  .beneficial,  if  done  in  Seafon. 
A  very  mgmtions  French  Gentleman,  and  another  from 
Switzerland^  with  whom  I  frequently  converfe,  exclaim 
againfr,  that  ftrid  cutting  of  Vines,  the.genex'ally  appro- 
ved Method  of  France  and  Germany,  and  fay,  that  they 
were  both  out  in  their  Judgment,  till  of  lateT  Experience 
hasi taught. them >otherwife.  Moreover',  the  French  in  North 
Carolina, allure  me,  that  if  we  fhould  trim  our  Apple  and  o- 
ther  Fruit-'Trees,  as  they  do  in  Europe,  we  fhould.  fpoil 
them.  As* for;  Apples  and -Plums,  i  have  found  by  Expe- 
rience, what  they  affirm  to  be  true.  The-  French,  from  the- 
Mannakin.  Town,  oa  the  Freftes  of  Jamet  Eiver  in  Virginia^ 

had! 


The  Natural  Hiftory, 


had,  for  themoft  part,  removed  themfelves  to  Carolina,  to 
live  there,  before  I   came  away  ;  and  the  reft  were  follow- 
ing,  as,   their  Minifter,  (Monfieur  Philip  de  Rixbourg)  told 
me,  who  was  at  Bath-Town,  when  I  was  taking  my  leave 
of  my  Friends.     He   affur'd  me,  that  their  Intent  was  to 
propagate  Vines,   as   far    as  their  prefent  Circumftances 
would  permit  •,  provided,  they  could  get  any  Slips  of  Vines, 
that  would   do.     At   the  fame  time,    I  had  gotten  fome 
Grape-Seed*   which  was  of  the  Jefuits  white  Grape  from 
Madera.   The  Seed  came  up  very  plentifully,  and,  I  hope, 
will  not  degenerate,    which  if  it  happens  not  to  do,  the 
Seed  may  prove  the  belt  way  to  raife  a  Vineyard,  as  cer- 
tainly  it  is  molt  eafy  for  Tranfportation.    Yet  I -reckon 
we    mould  have   our    Seed  from  a   Country,    where  the 
Grape  arrives  to  the  utmoft  Perfection  of  Ripenefs.   Thefe 
French  Refugees  have  had  fmall  Encouragement  in  Virginia, 
becaufe,  at  their  firft  coming  over,  they  took  their  Mea- 
fures  of  Living,  from,  Europe ;  which  was  all  wrong ;   for 
the  fmall  Quantities  of  ten,  fifteen,  and  twenty  Acres  to 
a  Family  did  not  hold  out  according  to  their  way  of  Reckon- 
ing, by  Reafon  they  made  very  little  or  no  Fodder  j  and 
the  "Winter  there  being  much  harder  than  with  us,  their 
Cattle  fail'd  -,  chiefly,  becaufe  the  Englijh  took  up  and  fur- 
vey'd  all  the  Land  round  about  them  •,  fo  that  they  were 
hemm'd  in  on  all  Hands  from  providing  more  Land  for  them- 
felves or  their  Children,  all  which  is  highly  prejudicial  in 
America,  where  the  generality  are  bred   up  to  Planting. 
One  of  thefe  French  Men  being  a  Fowling,  foot  a  Fowl  in  the 
River,  upon  which  his  Dog  went  down  the  Bank- to  bring  it 
to  his  Matter  >  but  the  Bank  was  fo  high  and  fteep,  that  he 
could  not  get  up  again.    Thereupon,  the  French  Man  went 
down,  to  help  his  Dog  up,  and.breaking  the  Mould  away, 
accidentally,  with  his  Feet,  he  difcover'd  a  very  rich  Goal- 
Mine.    This  Adventure  he  gave  an  Accouut  of  amdngft  the 
Neighbourhood,  and  prefently  one  of  the  Gentlemen  of  that 
Part  furvey'd  the  Land,  and  the  poor  French  Man  jgot  no- 
thing by  his  Difcovery.    The  French  axe ^goodi Neighbours 
amongft  us,  and  give  Examples  of  Induftry,:  which  is  much 
wanted  in  this  Country.     They  make  good  Flax,  Hemp, 
Linnen-Cloth  and  Thread  ;  which  they  exchange  amongft 
the  Neighbourhood  for  other  Commodities,  for  which  they 
hav-e  occafion.  We 


gf  CAROLINA? 


i*5 


~T^  have  hitherto  made  no  Tryal  ot  foreign  Herbage  •  but, 
a  Sniff    i would  thrhre  well;   efpeciaTly,   Mf^  and 

I &m  t*  ajSJJ  p  fertf afford  800d 

LWef°wraSreat  of  the  Beafts which  you  U  *« 
aaTccountof,  as  they  have  been  difcoverd.- 


Btffilo,  or  wild  Beef. 

Bear. 

Panther. 

Cat-a-mount* 

WddCat^  . 

Wotf. 

Tyger. 

Tplcatr. 

Otter. 

JBever. 


The  Beafts  of  Carolina  are  the 

- 
Water -Rat: 
Rabbet^  two  forts, 
Elks. 
Stags. 
■   Fallow-Deer. 
Squirrel,  four  forts* 

■  Fox.  :  '    '    •  ■ 

Lion,  and.Jachall  on  m  &&& 
Rats,  two  forts. 
Mice,  wo  forts,    i     \>u,    ti' 

■*'wr*  .-,  :  'Motes.  'icm^r  _ 

Musk-Rat.  Weafel,  Dormouft, 

i°Vum-  Bearmoufe,     liW 

on  his  Back,  as  the  Cattle  MM W£  h|schief 

He feldom appears  amongft  $e  j^£  »gg^  for  the 
Haunt  being  in  the  Land ^ot  ^^J^jjj^g  kiil'd 
moftpart,  * -plain  Country  y  yet  i  naj &    „ffi       }    Led     3 

on'the  Hilly  Fart  ^f*^S?S^2^SS  they  can  7™  ifti 
Qfvaft  Mountains  f^^^iffi^^!^^?"^: 

^nmp  npqr  us.    1  have  eaten  or  tneir  Meat,  uai.  wk  w  Virg.i» 


1 16 


The  Natural  Hiftory  ' 


Beat: 


of  their  Tranfportation,  and  make  Beds  to  lie  on.  They 
fpin  the  Hair  into  Garters,  Girdles,  Safhes,  and  the  like,  it 
being  long  and  curled,  and  often  of  a  chefhut  or  red  "Colour. 
Thefe  Monfters  are  found  to  weigh  (as  I  am  informed  by 
a  Traveller  of  Credit)  from  1600  to  2400  Weight. 

The  Bears  here  are  very  common,  though  not  fo  large  as 
in  Groenland,  and  the  more  Northern  Countries  oi'Ruflia. 
The  Flefh  of  this  Beafb  is  very  good,  and  nburifhing,  and 
not  inferiour  to  the  belt  Pork  in  Tafte.  It  ftands  betwixt 
Beef  and  Pork,  and  the  young  Cubs  are  a  Difh  for  the  great- 
eft  Epicure  living.  I  prefer  their  Flelh  before  any  Beef, 
Veal,  Pork,  or  Mutton ;  and  they  look  as  well  as  they  eat, 
fheir  fat  being  as  white  as  Snow,  and  the  fweeteft  of  any 
Creature's  in  the  World.  If  a  Man  drink  a  Quart  thereof 
melted,  it  never,  will  rife  in  his  Stomach.  We  prefer  it  a- 
bove  all  things,  to  fry  Fifh  and  other  things  in.  Thofe  that 
are  Strangers  to  it,  may  judge  otherwife-,  But  I  who  have 
eaten  a  great  deal  of  Bears  Flelh  in  my  Life-time  (fince  my 
being  an  Inhabitant  in  America)  do  think  it  equalizes,  if  not 
excels,  any  Meat  I  ever  eat  in  Europe.  The  Bacon  made 
thereof  is  extraordinary  Meat ;  but  it  mult  be  well  faved, 
otherwife  it  will  ruft.  This  Creature  feeds  upon  all  forts  of 
wild  Fruits.  When  Herrings  run,  which  is  in  March,  the 
Flefh  of  fuch  of  thofe  Bears  as  eat  thereof,  is  nought,  all 
thatSeafon,  and  eats  filthily.  Neither  is  it  good,  when  he 
feeds  on  Gum-berries,  as  I  intimated  before*  They  are 
great  Devourers  of  Acorns,  and  oftentimes  meet  the  Swine 
in  the  Woods,  which  they  kill  and  eat,  efpecially  when  they 
are  hungry,  and  can  find  no  other  Food.  Now  and  then  they 
get  into  the  Fields  of  Indian  Corn,  or  Maiz,,  where  they 
make  a  fad  Havock,  fpoiling  ten  times  as  much  as  they  eat. 
The  Potatos  of  this  Country  are  fo  agreeable  to  them,  that 
they  never  fail  to  fweep  'em  all  clean,  if  they  chance  to 
come  in  their  way.  They  are  feemingly  a  very  clumfy  Crea- 
ture, yet  are  very  nimble  in  running  up  Trees,  and 
traversing  every  Limb  thereof.  When  they  come  down,  they 
run  Tail  foremoft.  At  catching  of  Herrings,  they  are  molt 
expert  Fifhers.  They  lit  by  the  Creek-fides,  (which  are 
very  narrow)  where  the  Fifh  run  in;  and  there  they  take 
them  up,  as  fait  as  it's  poflible  they  can  dip  their  Paws  into 
the  Water.    There  is  one  thing  more  to  be  conjlder'd  of 

this 


,of  CAROLINA. 


1 17 


this  Creature,  which  is,  that  no  Man,  either  Chriftian  or /*-■ 
dian,  lias  ever  kill'd  a  .She-bear  with  Young. 

It  is  fuppofed,  that  the  She-Bears,  after  Conception,  hide 
themfelve-s  in  fome  fecret  and  undifcoverable  Place,  till 
they  bring  forth  their  Young,  which,  in  all  Probability,  can- 
not belong  ;  otherwise,  the  Indians^  who  hunt  the  Woods 
like  Dogs,  would,  at  fome  time  or  other,  have  found  them 
out.  Bear-Hunting  is  a  great  Sport  m  America,  both  with 
the  Ettglifi  and  Indian.  Some  Years  ago,  there  were  kill'd 
five  hundred  Bears,  in' two  Counties  of  Virginia,  in  one 
Winter  -0  and  but  two  She-Bears  amongft  them  all,  which 
were  not  with  Young,  as  I  told  you  of  the  reft.  The  Eng- 
lish have  a  breed  of  Dogs  fit  for  this  fport,  about  the  fize 
of  Farmers  Curs,  and,  by  Praftice,  come  to  know  the  Scent 
of  a  Bear,  whiph  as  foon  as  they  have  found,  they  run 
him,  by  the  Nofe,  till  they  come  up  with  him,  and  then 
bark  and  fnap  at  him,"  till  he  trees,  when  the .  Huntfmaa 
moots  him  out  of  the  Trees,  there  being,  for  the  moft  part, 
two  or  three  with  Guns,  left  the  firft  mould  mifs,  or  not 
quite  kill  him.  Though  they  are  not  naturally  voracious, ; 
yet  they  are  very  fierce  when  wounded.  The  Dogs  often 
bring  him  to  a  Bay,  when  wounded,  and  then  the  Huntf- 
men  make  other  Shots,  perhaps  with  the  Piftols  that  are 
ftuck  in  their  Girdles.  If  a  Dog  is  apt  to  fallen,  and  run. 
into  a  Bear,"  he  is  not  good,  for  the  belt  Dog  in  Europe  is 
nothing  in  their  Paws  •,  but  if  ever  they  get  liim  in  their 
Clutches,  they  blow  his  Skin  from  his  Fleih,  like  a  Bladder, 
and  often  kill  him ;  or  if  he  recovers  it,  he  is  never  good 
for  any  thing  after;  As  the  Paws  of  this  Creature,  are  held 
for  the  beft  bit  about  him,  lb  is  the  Head  efteem'd  the 
worft,  and  always  thrown  away,  for  what  reafon  I  know- 
not.  I  believe,  none  ever  made  Trial  thereof,  to  know  how 
it  eats.  The  OiJ  of  the  Bear  is  very  Sovereign  for  Strains, 
Aches,  and  old  Pains.  The  fine  Fur  at  the  bottom  of  the 
Belly,  is  ufed  for  making  Hats,  in  fome  places.  The  Fur  - 
itfelf  is  fit  for  feveral  Ufes  §  as  for  making  Muffs,  facing 
Caps,  &c  but  the  black  Cub-skin  is  preferable  to  all  forts 
of  that  kind,  for  Muffs.  Its  Grain  is  like  Hog-Skin. 

The  Panther  is  of  the  Cat's  kind  ;  about  the  height  of  a VmUr. 

very  large  Greyhound  of  a  reddiih .  Colour,  the  fame  as  a 

Lion.  He  climbs.  Trees  with  the  greateft  Agility  imaginable, 
-  —  ~        R  ■ 


1 1 


The  Natural  Hifiory 


Mount.- 


is  very  ftrong-limb'd,  catching  a  piece  of  Meat  from  any 
Creature  he  ftrikes  at.    His  Tail  is  exceeding  long  ;   his 
Eyes  look  very  fierce  and  lively,  are  large,  and  of  a  grayifti 
Colour ',  his  Prey  is,  Swines-flelh,  Deer,  or  any  thing  he  can 
take  }  no  Creature  is  fo  nice  and  clean,  as  this,  in  his  Food,,  . 
When  he  has   got  his  Prey,    he   fills  his  Belly  with  the 
Slaughter,  and  carefully  lays  up  the  Remainder,  covering  it 
very  neatly  with  Leaves,   which  if  any  thing  touches,  he 
never  eats  any  more  of  it.    He  purrs  as  Cats  do  -7  if  taken 
when  Young,  is  never  to  be  reclaim'd  from  his  wild  Na- 
ture.   He  hollows  like  a  Man  in  the  Woods,  when  kill'd, 
which  is  by  making  him  take  a  Tree,  as  the  leaftCur  will 
prefently  do;  then  the  Huntfmen  fhoot  him  ;  if  they  do  not 
lillhim  outright,  he  is  a  dangerous  Enemy;  when  wounded, 
efpecially  to  the  Dogs  that  approach  him.    This  Beaft  is 
the  greataft  Enemy  to  the  Planter,  of  any  Vermine  in  Carolina. 
His  Flefh  looks  as  well  as  any  Shambles-Meat  whatfoever  -r 
•a  great  many  People  eat  him,  as  choice  Food  \  but  I  never 
tailed  of  a  Panther,  fo  cannot  commend  the' Meat,  by  my 
own  Experience.    His  Skin  is  a  warm  Covering  for  the  /»- 
dians-  in  Winter,  though  not  efteem'd  amongft  the  choice: 
Furs.   This -Skin  drefs'd,  makes  fine' Womens  Shooes,  of 
Mens  Gloves.    -  -      /  ~       , 

The  Mountain-Cat,  fo  calfd,  becaufe  he  lives  in  the 
Mountainous  Parts  of  America.  He  is  a  Beaft  of  Prey,  as 
the  Panther  is,  and  neareft  to  him  in  Bignefi  and  Nature. 

This  Cat  is  quite  different  from  thofe  in  Europe  ;  being 
more  nimble  and  fierce,  and  larger;  his  Tail  does  not  exceed 
four  Inches.  He  makes  a  very  odd  fort  of  Cry  in  the  Woods, 
In  the  Night.  He  is  fpotted  as  the  Leopard  is,  tho'  fomeof 
them  are  not,  (which  may  happen,  when  their  Furs  are  out 
of  Seafon)  he  climbs  a  Tree  very  dexteroufly,  and  preys  as- 
the  Panther  does.  He  is  a  great  Deftroyer  of  young  Swine.  I 
Iknew  an  Ifland,  which  was  pqjfefs'd  by -thefe  Vermine,  un- 
known to  the  Planter,  who  put  thereon  a  confiderable  Stock 
of  Swine  ;  but  never  took  one  back  -,  for  the  wild  Cats  de~ 
i£roy'd  them  all.  He  takes  moft  of  his  Prey  by  Surprize,  get- 
ting up  the  Trees,  which  they  pafs  by  or  under,  and  thence 
leaping,  direclly  upon  them;  Thus  he  takes  Deer  (which  he: 
sannot  catch  by  running},  and  fattens  his  Teeth  into  their 
Statldsrs  aad  fiieks  tfara    They  run  with  him,  till  they 


of  CAROLINA. 


119 


falldorfn  for  want  of  ftrength,  and  become  a  Prey  to  the 
Enemy.  Hares,  Birds,  and  all  he  meets,  that  he  can  con- 
quer,  he  deftroys.  The  Fur  is  approv'd  to  wear  as  a  Sto- 
macher, for  weak  and  cold  Stomachs.  They  are  likewife 
-ufed  to  line  Muffs,  and  Coats  withal,  in  cold  Climates. 

The  Wolf  of  Carolina,  is  the  Dog  of  the  Woods.  The« 
Indians  had  no  other  Curs,  before  the  Chriftians  came  a- 
mongft  them.  They  are  made  domefhck.  WThen  wild, 
they  are  neither  fo  large,  nor  fierce,  as  the  European  Wolf. 
They  are  not'Mair-flayers  •,  neither  is  any  Creature  in  Caro- 
lina, unlefs  wounded.  They  go  in  great  Droves  in  the  Night, 
to  hunt  Deer,  which  they  do  as  well  as  the  belt  Pack  of 
Hounds.  Nay,  oneofthefe  will  hunt  down  a  Deer.  They 
are  often  fo  poor,  that  they,  can  hardly  run.  When  they 
catch  no  Prey,  they  go  to  a  Swamp,  and  fill  their  Belly  full 
of  Mud ;  if  afterwards  they  chance  to  get  any  thing  of  Flefh, 
they  will  difgorge  the  Mud,  and  eat  the  other.  When 
they  hunt  in  the  Night,  that  there  is  a  great  many  together, 
they  make  the  molt  hideous  "and  frightful  Noife,  that  ever  - 
'was  heard.  The  Fur  makes  gopd  Muffs.  The  Skin  drefs  d 
taa  Parchment  makes  the  beft  Drum-Heads,  and  if  tanu'd 
makes  the  beft  fort  of  Shooes  for  the  Summer-Countries. 

Tygers  are  never  met  withal  in  the  Settlement  \  but  are  7^ 
more  to  the  Weftward,  and  are  not  numerous  on  this  Side 
the  Chain  of  Mountains.  I  once  faw  one,  that  was  larger  ■ 
that  a  Panther,,  and  feem'd  to  be  a  very  bold  Creature. 
The  Indians  that  hunt  in  thofe  Quarters,  fay  v  they  are 
feldom  met  withal.  It  feems  to  differ  from  the  Tyger  of 
Afia  and  Africa.  '  . 

Polcatsor  Skunks  in  America,  are  different  from  thofe  mpohau 
Europe.  They  are  thicker,  and  of  a  great  many  Colours-, 
not  all  alike,  but  each  differing  from  another  in  the  parti- 
cular Colour.  They  fmell  like  a  Fox,  but  ten  times  ftronger. 
When  a  Dog  encounters  them,  they  pifs  upon  him,  and  he 
will  not  be  fweet  again  in  a  Fortnight  or  more.  The  /«* 
dians  love  to  eat  their  Flefh,  which  has  no  manner  of  ill 
Smell,  when  the  Bladder  is  out.  I  know  no-ufe  their 
Furs  are  put  to.    They  are  eafily  brought  up  tame. 

There  have  been  feen  fome  Otters  from  the  Weftward  of  otter:* . 
Carolina,  which  were  of  a  white  Colour,  a  little  inclining  to 
a  yellow.    They  live  on  the  fame  Prey  here,  as  in  Europe, 
and  are  the  fame  in  all  other  Refpeftsj  fo  I  ftiall  lnjift  no 

aj"  farther 


The  Natural  Hiftory 


farther  on  that  Creature.  Their  Furs,  if  black,  artr  valu- 
able. 

Severs  are  very  numerous  in  Carolina,  their  being  abun- 
dance of, their  Dams  in  all  Parts  of  thb  Country,  where -I 
have  travel'cu    They  are  the  moft  induftrious  and  greatelfc 
Artificers  (in  building  their  Dams  and  Houfes)  of  any  four- 
footed  Creatures  in  the  World.    Their  Food  is  chiefly  the 
Barks  of  Trees  and  Shrubs,  i)lz..  Saflafras,  Afh,  Sweet-Gum, 
and  feveral  others.    If  you  take  them  young,  they  become 
very  tame  and  domeftick,  but  are  very  mifchievous  in.  fpoil- 
ing  Orchards ,    by  breaking  the  Trees,   and  blocking  up> 
your  Doors  in  the  Night,  with  the  Sticks  and  Wood,  they 
bring  thither.    If  they  eat  any  thing  that  is  fait,  it  kills; 
them.    Their  Flefli  is  a  fweet  Food  ;  efpecially,  their  Tail,. 
which  is  held  very  dainty.    There  Fore-Feet  are  open,  like  - 
a  Dog's;  their  Hind-Feet  webb'd  like  a  Water-Fowl's.  The 
Skins  are' good  Fu*s  for  feveral  Ufes,  which  every  one  knows- . 
The  Leather  is  very  thick  \    I  have  known  Shooed  made 
thereof  in  Carolina,    which  lafted  well.    It  mafces  the  befr 
Hedgers  Mittens  that  can  be.ufed. 

Musk  Rats  frequent  frefh  Streams  and  no  other ;  as  the 
Bever  does.  He  has  a  Cod  of  Musk,  which  is  valuable* 
as  islikewife  his  Fur. 

The  Pojfum  is  found  no  where  but  in  America.  He  is  the 
Wonder  of  all  the  Land-Animals,  being  the  fize  of  a  Badger,  . 
and  near  that  Colour.  The  Male's  Pizzle  is  placed  retro- 
grade y  and  in  time  of  Coition,  they  differ  from  all  other 
Animals,  turning  Tail  to  Tail,  as  Dog  and  Bitch  when  ty'd* 
The  Female,  doubtlefs,  breeds  her  Young  at  her  Teats  ;for 
I  have  feen  them  ftick  fall  thereto*  when  they  have  been  no 
bigger  than  a  fmall  Rasberry,  and  feemingly  inanimate.  Shs 
has  a  Paunch,  or  falfe  Belly,  wherein  fhe  carries  her  Young, 
after  they  are  from  thofe  Teats,  till  they  can  fhift  fop 
themfelves.  Their  Food  is  Roots,  Poultry,  or  wild  Fruits.' 
They  have  no  Hair  on  their  Tails,  but  a,  fort  of  a  Scale,  of 
hard  Cruft,  as  the  Bevers  have.  If  a  Cat  has  nine  Lives* 
this  Creature  furely  has  nineteen  \  for  if  you  break  every  Bone 
in  their  Skin,  and  malh  their  Skull,  leaving  them  for  Dead* 
you  may  come  an  hour  after,  and  they  will  begone  quite 
away,  or  perhaps  you  meet  them  creeping  away.  They  are 
^wy.ltupid  Creature,  utterly  .neglecting  their  Safety.  They. 

are.. 


ofC  AR0L1NA. 


121 


I 


¥r\     ^,fa  nf  anv  thin?     I  have,  for  Necefllty  in 

Z  WiuWsf     enVAem.^Their  Flelh  is  very  white, 
the  Wi  aerneii,  c  me  out  of  Con. 

M>  Sfirt&e  TheytS  Trees,  as  the  Raccoons  do. 
The'"  FurhaisFn0; S  nor  ufed,  fave  that  tbc<**» 

fpiThe  Khrf  a'tk'grf/'colour;  if  taken  young,  {M 
S^or^S^|^f«; 

s7tVWat  rVLfmucLn  Oyfterl  which  they  love,  They 
„^h  the  Ovfcr  when  it  opens,  and  nimbly  pu .in  their 
C  and  pluck  onfthe  Eilh.  Sometimes  the  Oytter  fonts, 
£d  lioUstfo  their  Paw  till  the  Wconres g«g 
are  drown'd,  tho'  they  fwim  very  well.  The  way  that  Mis 
Animal catches  Crabs/which  he  great  y  admires,  ancUhich 
„e  plenty  ia  C«B«,  U  worthy -f  Rema  Wh»h 
intends  to  make  a  Prey  ot  the ie t-im,.  & 
where  Handing  on  the  Land,  he  lets  his  Tarl  W&^*£ 
Wfli-rr  This  the  Grab  takes  tor  a  Bait,  ana  raiipab  ius 
n,ws  therein  which  as  foon  as  the.***™  perceives,  he  of 
Sudde ^Xings  forward,  a  confutable  way,  on  the 
,     a     n\  kC  the  Crab  along  with  him.    As  foon  as  the 

Sing     The  Chief  of  his  other  Food  is  all  fortsof  w  Id 
Fruits    ereen  Corn,  and  fuch  as  the  Bear  delights  in,    Thi»- 
Sd   helSarenrachofaBignefs.    The  Fur  makes  good; 
Hats  andSngs.    The  Skin  dtefs'd  makes  fine  Womeaa.. 

SbThl'Mmx  is  an  Animal  much'  like  the  .j/g^Filliniartt^. 
or  PolcM    He  is  long,  (lender,  and  every  way  foap'd  like 


122 


The  Natural  Hiftory 


i 


from  you  in  the  Night,  when  afleep,  as  I  can  tell  by  Expe- 
rience;  for  one  Winter,  by  Misfortune,  I  ran  my  VelTel 
a-ground,  and  went  often  to  the  Banks,  to  lull  wild  Fowl, 
which  we  did  a  great  many.  One  Night,  weTiad  a  mind  to 
fleep  on  the  Banks  (the  Weather  being  fair)  and  -wrapt  up 
the  Geefe  which  we  had  kill'd,  and  not  eaten,  very  care- 
fully, in  the"  Sail  of  a  Canoe,  and  folded  it  feveral  Doubles, 
and  for  their  better  Security,  laid  7em  all  Night  under  my 
Head.  In  the  Morning  when  I  wak'd,  a  Minx  had  eaten 
thro'  every  Fold  of  the  Canoe's  Sail,  and  thro'  one  of  the  - 
Geefe,  molt  part  of  which  was  gone.  Thefe  are  likewife 
found  high  up  in  the  Rivers,  in  whofe  iides  they  live  •,  which 
is  known  by  the  abundance  of  Frelh-Water  Mufcle-Shells 
(fiich  as  you  have  in  England)  that  lie  at  the  Mouth  of 
their  Holes.  This  is  an  Enemy  to  the  Tortois,  whofe 
Holes  in  the  Sand,  where  they  hide  their  Eggs,'  the  Minx 
finds  out,  and  fcratches  up  and  eats.  The  Raccoons  and 
Crows  do  the  fame.  The  Minx  may  be  made  domeftick,' 
and  were  it  not  for  his  paying  a  Vifit  now  and  then  to  the 
Poultry  they  are  the  greateft  Deftroyers  of  Rats  and  Mice, 
that  are  in  the  World.  Their  Skins,  if  good  of  that  kind, 
are  valuable,  provided  they  are  kill'd  in  Seafon. 
Water'  The  Water-Rat  is  found  here  the  fame  as  in  England.  The 
%#•       Water-Snakes  are  often  found   to  have  of  thefe  Rats  in 

their  Bellies. 
fmeys.        That  which  the  People  of  Carolina  call  a  Hare,  is  nothing 
but  a  Hedge-Coney.   They  never  borough  in  the  Ground, 
but  much  frequent  Marines  and  Meadow-Land.    They  hide 
their  Young  in  fome  Place  feeure  from  the  Difcovery  of  the 
Buck,  as  the  European  Rabbets  do,  and  are  of  the  fame  Co- 
lour •,  but  if  you  ftart  one  of  them,  and  purfue  her,    flie 
takes  into  a  hollow  Tree,  and  there  runs  up  as  far  as  ihe 
can,  in  which  Cafe  the  Hunter  makes  a  Ere,  and  fmoaks 
the  Tree,  which  brings  her  down,  and  fmothers  her.    At 
one  time  of  the  Year,  great  Bots  or  Maggots  breed  betwixt 
the  Skin  and  the  Flefh  of  thefe  Creatures.  They  eat  juft  as 
the  EngLJh  ones  do  }   but  I  never  faw  one  of  them  fat.   We 
lire  the  Marines,-  and  then  kill  abundance. 
Rabbet         The  ^n&^->  or  Ettropean  Coneys  are  here  found,  tho'  but 
Ecglilh.  in    one  place  that  I  ever  knew  of,  which  was  in  Trent- 
River,  where  they  borough'd  among  the  Rocks.    I  cannot 

believe, 


»_ 


of  CAROLINA. 


123 


Elks, 


believefthefe  are  Natives  of  the  Country,  any  otherwife  than 
that  they  might  come  from  aboard  fome  Wreck  ;  the  Sea  not 
being  far  off.  "  I  was  told  of  feveral  that  were  upon  Bodies 
lfand  by  Rowah,  which  came  from  that  Ship  of  Bodies -0  but 
I  never  faw  any.  However  the  Banks  are  no  proper  Abode 
of  Safety,  beeaufe  of  the  many  Minxes  in  thofe  Quarters.  I 
carried  over  fome  of  the  tame  fort  from  England  to  South  Caro- 
lina, which  bred  three  times  going  over,  we  having  a  long 
Paflage.  I  turn'd  them  loofe  in  a  Plantation,  and  the  young 
ones,  and  fome  of  the  old  ones  bred  great  Maggots  in  their 
Tefticles.  At  laft,  tha  great  Gull  in  September,  1700.  brought 
a  great  deal  of  Rain,  and  drown'd  them  all  in  their  Holes. 
I  intend  to  make  a  fecond  Tryal  of  them  in  North  Carolina^ 
and  doubt  not  but  to  fecure  them. 

The  Elk  is  a  Monlter  of  the  Venifon  fort.  His  Skin  is 
nfed  almoft  in  the  fame  Nature  as  thejtejfe/b's.  Some  take 
him  for  the  red  Deer  of  America  \  but  he  is  not  :  For,  if 
brought  and  kept  in  Company  with  one  of  that  fort,  of  the 
contrary  Sex, .  he  will  never  couple.  His  Flefh  is  not  fo  fweet 
as  the  leffer  Deers.  His  Horns  exceed  (in  Weight)  all  Crea- 
tures which  the  new  World  affords.  They  will  often  refort 
and  feed  with  the  Buffelo,  delighting  in  the  fame  Range  as 
they  do. 

The  Stags  of  Carolina  are  lodg'd  in  the  Mountains.  They^ 
are  not  fo  large  as  in  Europe,  but  much  larger  than  any  Fal- 
low-Deer. They  are  always  fat,  I  believe,  with  fome  deli- 
cate Herbage  that  grows  on  the  Hills  •,  for  we  find  all  Crea- 
tures that  graze  much  fatter  and  better  Meat  on  the  Hills, 
than  thofe  in  the  Valleys:  I  mean  towards  and  near  the  ~ 
Sea.  Some  Deer  on  thefe  -Mountains  afford  the  occidental. 
Bewar,  not  coming  from  a  Goat,  as  fome  report.  What  fort 
of  Beaft  affords  the  oriental  Beu>ar,  I  know  not.  The  Tal- 
low of  the  Harts  make  incomparable  Candies.  Their  Horns- 
and  Hides  are  of  the  fame  Value,  as  others  of  their  kind; 

Fallow-Deer  in  Carolina,  are  taller  and  longer-legg'd,  thani^ow. 
in  Europe  j  but  neither  run  To  fait,-  nor  are  fo  well  haunch'd. ^"^ 
Their  Singles  are  much  longer,  and  their  Horns  ftand  for- 
ward, as  the  others  incline  backward  \  neither  do  they  beam, 
or  bear  their  Antlers,  as  the  Englifb  Deer  do.    Towards  the  . 
Salts,  they  are  not  generally  fo  fat  and  good  Meat,  as  on  the: 
Hills.    I  have' known  fome  kilLU  o&- the  Salts  in  January^ 

*  til  "■'.'  tfea-r- 


.t?'h 


•*H 


The  Natural  Hifiory 


Wox  Squirt 

rel. 


Small  gray. 
Squirrel. 


Flying- 
Squirrel. 


Ground. 
Squirrel* 


that  have  had  abundance  of-Bots  in  their  Throat,  which  keep 
them  very  poor.  As  the  Summer,  approaches,  thefe  Bots 
come  out,  and  turn  into  the  fineft  Butterfly  imaginable,  be- 
ing very  large,  and  having  black,  white,  and  yellow  Stripes. 
Deer-Skins  are  one  of  the  belt  Commodities  Carolina  affords, 
to  Ihip  off  for  England,  provided  they  be  large.  , 

Of  Squirrels  we  have  four  Sorts.  The  frrft  is  the  Fox- 
Squirrel,  fo  call'd,  becaufe  of  his  large  Size,  which  is  the 
Bignefsof  a  Rabbet  of  two  or  three  Months  old.  His  Co- 
lour is  commonly  gray}  yet  I  have  feen  feveral  pied  ones, 
and  fome  reddifh,  and  black  •,  his  chiefeft  Haunts  are  in  the 
Piny  Land,  where  the  Almond-Pine  grows.  There  he  pro- 
vides his  Winter-Store  •,  they  being  a  Nut  that  never  fails 
of  bearing.  He  may  be  made  tame,  and  is  very  good  Meat, 
when  killed. 

The  next  fort  of  Squirrel  is  much  of  the  Nature  of  the 
Englifiy  only  differing  in  Colour.  Their  Food  is  Nuts  (of 
all  forts  the  Country  affords)  and  Acorns.  They  eat  well  -7 
and,  like  the  Bear,  are  never  found  with  youngi 

This  Squirrel  is  gray,  as  well  as  the  others.  He  is  the 
leaft  of  the  Three.  His  Food  is  much  the  fame  with  the 
fmall  gray  Squirrels.  He  has  not  Wings,  as  Birds  or  Bats 
have,  there  being  a  fine  thin  Skin  cover'd  with  Hair,  as  the 
reft  of  the  parts  are.  This  is  from  the  Fore-Feet  to  the 
Hinder-Feet,  which  is  extended  and  holds  fo  much  Air,  as 
buoys  him  up,  from  one  Tree  to  another,  that  are  greater 
diftances  afundcr,  than  other  Squirrels  can  reach  by  jumping 
or  fpringing.  He  is  made  very  tame,  is  an  Enemy  to  a  Corn- 
field, (as  all  Squirrels  are)  and  eats  only  the  germinating 
Eye  of  that  Grain,  which  is  very  fweet. 

Ground  Squirrels  are  fo  call'd,  becaufe  they  never  delight 
in  running  upTrees,,  and  leaping  from  Tree  to  Tree.  They 
are  the  fmalleft  of  all  Squirrels.  Their  Tail  is  neither  fo 
long  not  bufhy  \  but  -flattim.  They  are  of  a  reddifh  Co- 
lour, and  fcriped  down  each  Side  with  black  Rows,  which 
make  them  very  beautifuL  They  may  be  kept  tame,  in  a 
little  Box  with  Cotton.  They  and  the  Flying-Squirrels 
ield^m  fiir  out  ia  Cold  Wea  .her,  being  tender  Animals. 

The 


of  C  A  R  O  L I  N  A. 


125 


The  Fox  of  Carolina  is  gray,  but  fmells  not  as  the  Foxes  in  Fox. 
Great-Britain,  and  elfewhere.  They  have  reddifh  Hair  about 
their  Ears,  and  are  generally  very  fat-,  yet  I  never  fa w  any 
one  eat  them.  When  hunted,  they  make  a  forry  Chace,  be- 
caufe  they  run  up  Trees,  when  purfued.  They  are  never  to 
be  made  familiar  and  tame,  as  the  Raccoon  is.  Their  Furs, 
if  in  Seafon,  are  ufed  for  Muffs  and  other  Ornaments.  They 
live  chiefly  on-  Birds  and  Fowls,  and  fuch  fmall  Prey.  _ 

I  have  been  inform'd  by  the  Indians,-,  tthat  oh  a  Lake  of  ii^lni 
Water  towards  the  Head  of  Neus  River,  there  haunts  afakaii. 
Creature,  which  frightens  them  all  from  Hunting  there- 
abouts. They  fay,  he  is  the  Colour  of  a  Panther,  but  cannbt 
run  up  Trees-,  and  that  there  abides  with  him  a  Creature 
like  an  Endifhman\  Dog,  which  runs  falter  than  he  can,  and 
gets  his  ptey  for  him.  They  add,  that  there  is  no  other 
of  that  Kind  that  ever  they  met  withal ;  and  that  they  have 
no  other  way  to  avoid  him,  but  by  running  up  a  Tree.  The 
Certainty  of  this  I  cannot  affirm  by  my  own  Knowledge, 
yet  they  all  agree  in  this  Story.  As  for  Lions,  I  never  faw 
any  in  America ;  neither  can  I  imagine,  how  they  fhould 
come  there. 

Of  Rats  we  have  two  forts  •,  the  Houfe-Rat,  as  in  Europe  ;^j. 
and  the  Marfh-Rat,  which  differs  very  much  from  the  other, 
being  morefrairy,  and  has  feveral  other  Diftin&ions,  too  long 
here  to  name. 

Mice  are  the  fame  here,  as  thofe  in  England,  that  belong  ^ve. 
to  the  Houfe.    There  is  one  fort  that  poifons  a  Cat,  as  foon 
as  fhe  eats  of  them,  which  has  fometimes  happen'd.    Thefe 
Mice  refort  not  to  Houfes. 

TheDormoufe  is  the  fame,  as  in  England;  andfois  the Domoufe. 
Weafel,  which  is  very  fcarce. 

The  Bat  or  Rearmoufe,  the  fame  as  in  England.  The  pearmufg, 
Indian  Children  are  much  addicted  to  eat  Dirt,  and  fo  are  , 
fome  of  the  Chriftians.  But  roafl  a  Bat  on  a  Skewer,  then 
pull  the  Skin  off,  and  make  the  Child  that  eats  Dirt,  eat 
the  roafl  ed  Rearmoufe;  and  he  will  never  eat  Dirt  again. 
This  is  held  as  an  infallible  Remedy.  I  have  put  this  a- 
mongft  the  Beafts^  as  partaking  of  both  Natures  \  of  the 
Bird,  and  Moufe-Kind. 

Having  mention'd  all  the  forts  of  terreftrial  or  Land- Ani- 
mals, which  Carolina  affords  and  are  yet  known  to  us,  except 

S  the 


I 
■ 


ia6 


The  Natural  Htftory 


the  Tame  and  Domeftick  Creatures  (of  whichlfhall  givean 
Account  hereafter,  when  I  come  to  treat  of  the  Ways  and 
Manners  of  Agriculture  in  that  Province  J  I  mall  now  pro- 
ceed to  the  known  Infeits  of  that  Place.  Not  that  I  pretend 
to  give  an  ample  Account  of  the  whole  Tribe,  which  is  too 
numerous,  and  contains  too  great  a  Diverfity  of  Species, 
many  not  yet  difcovered,  and  others  that  have  flipt  my  Me- 
mory at  prefent-,  But  thofe  which  lean  remember,  I  here 
prefent  my  Readers  withal. 

Infe&S  of  Carolina. 


"Allegators. 
Rattle-Snakes. 
Ground  Rattle-Snakes. 
Horn-Snakes. 
Water-Snakes,  four  forts. 
Swamp  Snakes  three  forts. 
Red-be/lied  Land-Snakes. 
Red-backed  Snake. 
Black  Truncheon  Snake* 
Scorpion-Lizard* 
Green  Lizard. 
Frogs,  many  forts. 


Strange 
Genitors. 


Long  black  Snake. 

Kim-Snake. 

Green  Snake. 

Corn  Snake. 

Vipers  black  and  gray. 

Tortois. 

Terebin  Land  and  Water, 

Brimfione-Snake. 

£gg,  °r  Chicken-Snake* 

Mel-Snake,  or  great  Loach. 

Brown  Lizard. 

Rotten-wood  Worm,  &c. 


The  Allegator  is  the  fame,  as  the  Crocodile,  and  differs 
only  in  Name.  They  frequent  the  fides  of  Rivers,  in  the 
Banks  of  which  they  make  their  Dwellings  a  great  way  un- 
der Ground  •,  the  Hole  or  Mouth  of  their  Dens  lying  com- 
monly two  Foot  under  Water,  after  which  it  rifes  till  it  be 
confiderably  above  the  Surface  thereof.  Here  it  is,  that  this 
amphibious  Monfter  dwells  all  the  Winter,  fleeping  away 
his  time  till  the  Spring  appears,  when  he  comes  from  his 
Cave,  and  daily  fwims  up  and  down  the  Streams.  He  al- 
ways breeds  in  fome  frefh  Stream,  or  clear  Fountain  of  Wa- 
ter, yet  feeks  his  Prey  in  the  broad  Salt  Waters,  that  are 
brackifh,  not  on  the  Sea-fide,  where  I  never  met  with  any. 
He  never  devours  Men  in  Carolina,  butufes  all  ways  to  a= 
void  them,  yet  he  kills  Swine  and  Dogs,  the  former  as  they 
come  to  feed  in  the  Marines,  the  others  as  they  fwim  over 
she  Cresks  and  Waters.  They  are  very  miichievous  to  the 

Wares 


^/CAROLINA. 


127 


Wares  made  for  taking  Fifh,  into  Which  they  come  to  prey 
on  the  Fifh  that  arecaughtin  the  Ware,  from  whence  they 
cannot  readily  extricate  themfelves,  and  fo  break  the  Ware  in 
Pieces,  being  a  very  ftrong  Creature.  This  Animal,  ia 
thefe  Parts,  fometimes  exceeds  feventeen  Foot  long.  It  is 
impoffibleto  kill  them  with  a  Gun,  unlefsyOu  chance  to  hie 
them  about  the  Eyes,  which  is  a  much  fofter  Place,  than  the 
reft  of  their  impenetrable  Armour.  They  roar,  and  make 
a  hideous  Noife  againft  bad  Weather,  and  before  they  come 
out  of  their  Dens  in  the  Spring.  I  was  pretty  muchfright- 
ned  with  one  of  thefe  once;  which  happened  thus:  I  had. 
built  a  Houfe  about  half  a  Mile  from  an  Indian  Town,  on 
the  Fork  of  iVezw-River ,  where  I  dwelt  by  my  felf,  ex- 
cepting a  young  Indian  Fellow,  and  a  Bull-Dog,  that  I  had 
along  with  me.  I  had  not  then  been  fo  long  a  Sojourner  in 
America^  as  to  be  throughly  acquainted  with  this  Creature. 
One  of  them  had  got  his  Neft  direttly  under  my  Houfe, 
which  ftood  on  pretty  high  Land,  and  by  a  Creek-fide,  in 
whofe  Banks  his  Entring-place  was,  his  Den  reaching  the 
Ground  directly  on  which  my  Houfe  ftood.  I  was  fitting  a- 
lone  by  the  Fire-fide  (about  nine  a  Clock  at  Night,  fome  time 
in  March)  the  Indian  Fellow  being  gone  to  the  Town, 
to  fee  his  Relations ;  fo  that  there  was  no  body  in  the  Houfe 
but  my  felf  and  my  Dog ;  when,  all  of  a  fudden,  this  ill-fa- 
vour'd  Neighbour  of  mine,  fet  up  fuch  a  Roaring,  that  he 
made  the  Houfe  fhake  about  my  Ears,  and  fo  continued,  like 
a  Bittern,  (but  a  hundred  times  louder,  if  poffible)  for  four 
or  five  times.  The  Dog  ftared,  as  if  he  was  frightned  out 
of  his  Senfes }  nor  indeed,  could  I  imagine  what  it  was,  ha- 
ving never  heard  one  of  them  before.  Immediately  again  I 
had  another  Leflbn ;  and  fo  a  third.  Being  at  that  time  a- 
mongft  none  but  Savages,  I  began  to  fufped,  they  were 
working  fome  Piece  of  Conjuration  under  my  Houfe,  to  get 
away  my  Goods-,  not  but  that,  at  another  time,  I  have  as 
little  Faith  in  their,  or  any  others  working  Miracles,  by  dia- 
bolical Means,  as  any  Perfon  living.  At  laft,  my  Man  came 
in,  to  whom  when  I  had  told  the  Story,  he  laugh'd  at  me, 
and  prefently  undeceiv'd  me,  by  telling  me  what  it  was  that 
made  that  Noife.  Thefe  Allegators  lay  Eggs,  as  the  Ducks 
do  j  only  they  are  longer  fhap'd,  larger,  and  a  thicker  Shell, 
than  they  have.    How  long  they  are  in  hatching,  I  cannot 

S  2  tell. 


28 


The  Natural  Hiftory 


Snake. 


tell^  but,  as  the  Indians  fay,  it  Is  molt  part  of  the  Summer 
they  always  lay  by  a  Spring-Side,  the  young  living  in  and  a- 
bout  the  fame,  as  foon  ashatch'd.    Their  Eggs  are  laid  in 
Neils  made  in  the  Marines,  and  contain  twenty  or  thirty 
Eggs.     Some  of  thefe  Creatures  afford  a  great  deal  of  Musk. 
Their  Tail,  when  cut  of,  looks  very  fair  and  white,  feemingly- 
like  the  belt  of  Veal.    Some  People  have  eaten  thereof  and 
fay,  it  is  delicate  Meat,  when  they  happen  not  to  be  musky,. 
Their  Fleih  is  accounted  proper  for  fuch  as  are  troubled  with 
the  lame  Diftemper,  (a  fort  of  Rhumatifm)  fo  is  the  Fat  very 
prevailing  to  remove  Aches  and  Pains,  by  Unclion.    The 
Teeth  of  this  Creature,  when  dead,  are  taken  out    to  make 
Chargers   for  Guns/  being    of  feveral  Sizes,    fit  for  all- 
Loads.   They  are  white,  and  would  make  pretty  Snuff  Boxes 
if  wrought  by  an  Artifr.    After  the  Tail  of  the  Aliegator  is 
feparated  from  the  Body,  it  will  move  very  freely  for  four 
days-.  ' 

The  Rattle-Snakes  are  found  on  alt  the  Main  of  America, 
that  1  ever  had  any  Account  of}  being  fo  calfd  from  the 
Rattle  at  the  end  of  their  Tails,  which  is  a  Connexion  of 
jointed  Coverings,  of  an  excrCmentitious  Matter,  betwixt 
die  Subitance  of  a  Nail,  and-  a  Horn,  though  each  Teg-men  is 
very  thin.  Nature  feems  to  have  defign'd  thefe,  on  pur- 
pofe  to  give  Warning  of  fuch  an  approaching  Danger,  as 
the  venomous  Bite  of  thefe  Snakes  is.  Some  of  them  grow 
fco  a  very  great  Bignefs,  as  fix  Foot  in  Length,  their  Middle 
being  the  Thicknefs  of  the  Small  of  a  lufty  Man's  Leg.  We 
have  an  Account  of  much  larger  Serpents  of  this  Kind  }  but  I 
never  met  them  yet,  although  I  have  ften  and  kill'd  abun- 
dance in  my  time.  They  are  of  an  Orange,  tawny,  and 
blackifll  Colour,  on  the  Back}  differing  (as  all  Snakes  do) 
in  Colour,  on  the  Belly}  being  of  an  Afh-Colour,  inclining 
to  Lead..  The  Male  is  eafily  diftinguifh'd  from  the  Female 
oy  a  black  Velvet-Spot  on  his  Head  }  and  befides,  his  Head 
is  fmaller  fhaped,  and  long.  Their  Bite  is  venomous,  if  not 
fpeedily  remedied}  efpecially,  if  the  Wound  be  in  a  Vein 
Nerve,  Tendon,, or  Sinew}  when  it  is- very  difficult  to  cure. 
The  Indians  are  the  heft  Phyficians  for  the  Bite  of  thefe  and 
all  other  venomous  Creatures,  of  this  Country.  There  are 
four  forts  of  Snake-Roots  already  difcovet'd,  which  Know- 
ledge came  from:  the  Indians ,w.ho  have  performed  feveral  great 

Cures,. 


of  C  A  R  Q  L  1 N  A. 


129 


Cares      The    Rattle-Snakes  are  accounted  the  peaceableft 
in  the'  World-,    for  they  never  attack  any  one,   or  injure 
them,  unlefs  they  are  trod  upon,  or  molefted.  icTfae :  molt 
Danger  of  being  bit  by  thefe  Snakes,  is  for  thofe  that  furvey 
Land  in  Carolina,  yet  I  never  heard  of  any  Surveyor  that 
was  kill'd,  or  hurt  by  them.     I  have  ^f*™0™*?* 
ral  of  this  Sort,  and  others  ;  yet  it  pleafed  God,    I  never 
came  to  any  harm.     They  have  the  Power,  or  Art  (I  know 
not  which  to  call  it)  to  charm  Squirrels,  Hares,  Partridges, 
or  any  fuch  thing,  in  fuch  a  manner,  that  they  run  direftly 
into  their  Mouths.    This  I  have  feen  by  a  Squirrel  and  one  of 
thefe  Rattle-Snakes  •,  and  other  Snakes  have,  in  fome  meafure, 
the  fame  Power,  The  Rattte-Snakes  have  many  fmall  Teeth, 
of  which  I  cannot  fee  they  make  any  ufe;  for  they  fwallow 
everything  wholes    but  the  Teeth  which  poifon,  are  only 
four-  two  on  each  fide  of  their  Upper-jaws.  Thefeare  bent- 
like isickle,  and  hang  loofe  as  if  by  a  Joint.     1  o  wards  the 
fetting  on  of  thefe,  there  is,  in  each  Tooth,  a  little  Hcue, 
wherein  you  may  j aft  get  in  the  Point  of  a  fmall  Needle* 
And  here  it  is,  that  the  Poifon  comes  out,  (which  is- as 
green  as  Grafs)  and  follows  the  Wound,  made  by  the  Point      ■ 
of  their  Teeth.     They  are  much  more   venomous  in  the 
Months  of  June  and  July,  than  they  are  hi  March,  Afrtl  or 
September.  "The  hotter  the  Weather,  the  more  poifonou* 
Neither  may  we  fuppofe,  that  they  can  renew  their  Poifon 

as   oft  as  they  will  S  f°r  we  have  had  a  Perfon  blt  b>?  one  ot 
thefe      who  never   rightly  recover'd  it,   and  very  hardly 
efcaped  with  Life-,    a  fecond  Perfon  bit  in  the  fame  Place 
bv  the  fame  Snake,  and  received  no  more  Harm,  that  it  bit- 
ten with  a  Rat.    They  call  their  Skins  every  Year,  and  com- 
monly abide  near  the  Place  where  the  old  Skin  lies.    Thefe 
caftSkinsareufedinPhyfick,  and  the  Rattles  are  reckoned 
good  to  expedite  the  Birth.     The  Gall  is  made  up  into  Pills,- 
with  Clay,    and  kept  for  Ufej  being  given  in-Peltilential 
Fevers  and  the  Small-Pox.    It  is  accounted  a  noble  Remedy,      . 
known  to  few,  and  held  as  a  great  Arcanum,    Tins   Snake 
has  two  Noftrils  on  each  fide  of  his  Nofe.  Their  Venom,  I 
have  Reafon  to  believe,  effefts  no  Harm^  any  otherwife  man- 
when  darted  into  the  Wound  by  the  Serpents  Teetjn  _ 

The  Ground  Rattle-Snake,  wrong  namU  becaufe  &«J&S<™* 
nothing  like  Rattles.    It  refembles  the  Rattle-Snake  a  little  Sml 
0  m 


I  go 


The  Natural  Hiftory 


Horn. 

Snake. 


Water- 
Snakes. 


Swamp- 
Snakes. 


in  Colour,  but  is  darker,  and  never  grows  to  any  conflderable 
Bignefs,  not  exceeding  a  Foot,  or  fixteen  Inches.  He  is 
reckon'd  amongft  the  worft  of  Snakes ;  and  ftays  out  the 
longeft  of  any  Snake  I  know,  before  he  returns  rin  the 
Fall  of  the  Leaf)  to  his  Hole.  ,  v 

Of  the  Horn-Snakes  I  never  faw  but  two,  that  I  remember 
They  are  like  the  Rattle-Snake  in  Colour,  but  rather  lighter! 
They  hifs  exa&ly  like  a  Goofe,  when  any  thing  approaches 
them.  They  ftrike  at  their  Enemy  with  their  Tail,  and  kill 
whatfoever  they  wound  with  it,  which  is  arm'd  at  the  End 
with  a  horny  Subftance,  like  a  Cock's  Spur.  This  is  their 
Weapon.  I  have  heard  it  credibly  reported,  by  thofe  who 
faid  they  were  Eye-Witneffes,  that  a  fmall  Locuft-Tree 
about  theThicknefs  of  a  Man's  Arm,  being  tfruck  by  one  of 
thefe  Snakes,  at  Ten  a  Clock  in  the  Morning,  then  verdant 
and  flourifhing,  at  four  in  the  Afternoon  was  dead,  and  the 
Leaves  red  and  wither'd.  Doubtlefs,  be  it  how  it  will  they 
are  very  venomous.  I  think,  the  Indians  do  not  pretend  to 
cure  their  Wound. 

Of  Water-Snakes  there  are  four  forts.  Thefirft  is  of  the 
Horn-Snakes  Colour,  though  lefs.  The  next  is  a  very  long 
Snake,  differing  in  Colour,  and  will  make  nothing  to  fwim 
over  a  River  a  League  wide.  They  hang  upon  Birches  and 
other  Trees  by  the  Water-Side.  I  had  the  Fortune  once 
to  have  one  of  them  leap  into  my  Boat,  as  I  was  going  up 
a  narrow  River ;  the  Boat  was  full  of  Mats,  which  I  was  glad 
to  take  out,  to  get  rid  of  him.  They  are  reckon'd  poifo- 
nous.  A  third  is  much  of  an  Englijh  Adder's  Colour,  but 
always  frequents  the  Salts,  and  lies  under  the  Drift'sea- 
weed,  where  they  are  in  abundance,  and  are  accounted  mif- 
chievous,  when  they  bite.  The  lalt  is  of  a  footy  black  Co- 
lour, and  frequents  Ponds  and  Ditches.  What  his  Qualities 
are,  I  cannot  tell. 

Of  the  Swamp-Snakes  there  are  three  forts,  which  are 
very  near  akin  to  the  Water-Snakes,  and  may  be  rank'd 
amongft  them. 

The  Belly  of  the  firft  is  of  a  Carnation  or  Pink  Colour  •- 
his  Back  a  dirty  brown ;  they  are  large,  but  have  not  much 
Venom  in  them,  as  ever  I  learnt.    The  next  is  a  large  Snake 
of  a  brown.  Dirt  Colour,  and  always  abides  in.  the  Mar/hes. 

The 


of  CARD  LIN  A. 


»3 


The  laft  is  mottled,  and  very  poifonous.  They  dwell  in 
Swamps  Sides,  and  Ponds,  and  have  prodigious  wide  Mouths, 
and  (though  not  long)  arrive  to  the  Thicknefs  of  the  Calf 
of  a  Man's  Leg. 

Thefe  frequent  the  Land  altogether,  and  are  fo  ca\Yd,xed-Mj 
becaufe  of  their  red  Bellies,  which  incline  to  an  Ora'ngef  Lani- 
Colour.    Some  have  been  bitten  with  thefe  fort  of  Snakes, Snakes- 
and  not  hurt}  when  others  have  fuffer'd  very  much  by  them. 
Whether  there  be  two  forts  of  thefe  Snakes,   which  we 
make  no  Difference  of,  I  cannot  at  prefent  determine. 

I  never  faw  but  one  of  thefe,  which  I  ftept  over,  and  %ed-Bart 
did  not  fee  him ;  till  he  that  brought  the  Chain  after  me^nakes. 
fpy'd  him.  He  has  a  red  Back,  as  the  laft  has  a  red  Belly. 
They  are  a  long,  flender  Snake,  and  very  rare  to  be  met 
withal.  I  enquired  of  the  Jnd.ia.rt  that  was  along  with  me, 
whether  they  were  very  venomous ,  who  made  Anfwer, 
that  if  he  had  bitten  me,  even  the  Indians  could  not  have 
cured  it. 

This  fort  of  Snake  might  very  well  have  been  rank'd  ftim&ack 
the  Water-Snakes.    They  lie  under  Roots  of  Trees,  and  on?rm™em° 
the  Banks  of  Rivers.    When  any  thing  difturbs  them,  they  m  s' 
dart  into  the  Water  (which  is  Salt)  like  an  Arrow  out  of  a 
Bow.    They  are  thick,  and  the  fhorteft  Snake  I  ever  faw. 
What  Good,  or  Harm,  there  is  in  them,  I  know  not.   Some 
of  thefe  Water-Snakes  will  fwallow  a  black  Land-Snake,  half 
as  long  again  as  themfelves. 

The  Scorpion  Lizard,  is  no  more  like  a  Scorpion,  than  a  scorpion 
Hedge-Hog-,  but  they  very  commonly  call  him  a  Scorpion. Li\ari» 
He-is  of  the  Lizard  Kind,  but  much  bigger:,  his  Back  is  of  a 
dark  Copper- Colour ;  his  Belly  an  Orange  j  he  is  very  nimble 
in  running  up  Trees,  or  on  the  Land,  and  is  accounted  very 
poifonous.  He  has  the  moft  Sets  of  Teeth  in  his  Mouth  and 
Throat,  that  ever  I  faw. 

Green  Lizards  are  very  harmlefs  and  beautiful,  having  a  Green 
.  little  Bladder  under  their  Throat,  which  they  fill  with  Wind,L/^n£> 
and  evacuate  the  fame  at  Pleafure.  They  are  of  a  moft  glo- 
rious Green,  and  very  tame.  *  They  refort  to  the  Wails  of 
Houfes  in  the  Summer  Seafon,  and  ftand-  gazing  on  a  Man, 
without  any  Concern  otFear.  There  are  feveral  other  Go- 
lours,  of  thefe  Lizards  \  but  none  fo  beautiful  as  the  green 

ones  are.  _ . 

J  Off 


The  i  Natural  Hlftory 


Traps, 


Snake. 


Of  Frogs  we  have 'feveral  forts :,  the  molt  famous  is  the 
Bull-Frog,  fo  call'd,  becaufe  he  lows  exadHy  like  that  Beaft, 
which  makes  Strangers  wonder  (when  by  the  fide  of  a  Marfh) 
what's  the  matter,  for  they  hear  the  Frogs  low,  and  can  fee  no 
Cattle  j  he  is  very  large.  I  believe,  I  have  feen  one  with 
as  much  Meat  on  him,  as  a  Pullet,  if  he  had  been  drefs'cT. 
The  fmall  green  Frogs  get  upon  Trees,  <and  make  a  Noife. 
There  are  feveral  other  colour'd  fmall  Frogs  \  but  the  Com- 
mon Land-Frog  is  likeft  a  Toad,  only  he  leaps,  and  is  not 
poifonous.  He  is  a  great  Devourer  of  Ants,  and  the  Snakes 
devour  him.  Thefe  Frogs  baked  and  beat  to  Powder,  and 
taken  with  Orrice-Root  cures  a  Tympany. 
long  Mack  The  long,'  black  Snake  frequents  the  Land  altogether,  and 
is  the  nimbleft  Creature  living.  His  Bite  has  no  more  Ve- 
nom, than  a  Prick  with  a  Pin.  /;He  is  the  belt  Moufer  that 
can  be  j  for  he  leaves  not  one  of  that  Vermine  alive,  where 
he  comes.  '  He  alfo  kills  the  Rattle-Snake,  wherefoever  he 
meets  him ,  by  twilling  his  Head  about  the  Neck  of  the 
Rattle-Snake,  and  whipping  him  to  Death  with  his  Tail. 
This  Whipfter  haunts  the  Dairies  of  carelefs  Houfewives,  and 
never  mifles  to  skim  the  Milk  clear  of  the  Cream.  He  is  art 
excellent  Egg-Merchant,  for  he  does  not  fuck  the  Eggs,  but 
fwallows  them  whole  (as  all  Snakes  do.)  He  will  often  fwal- 
low  all  the  Eggs  from  under  a  Hen  that  fits,  and  coil  himfelf 
under  the  Hen,  in  the  Neil,  where  fometimes  the  Houfe- 
wife  finds  him.  This  Snake,  for  all  his  Agility,  is  fo  brittle 
that  when  he  is  purfued,  and  gets  his  Head  into  the  Hole  of 
a  Tree,  if  any  body  gets  hold  of  the  other  end,  he  will 
twill,  and  break  himfelf  off  in  the  middle.  One  of  thefe 
Snakes,  whofe  Neck  is  no  thicker  that  a  Woman's  little 
Finger,  will  fwallow  a  Squirrel  j  fo  much  does  that  part 
ftretch,  in  all  thefe  Creatures. 

The  King-Snake4s  thelongefl  of  all  others,  and  not  com- 
mon-, no  Snake  (they  fay)  will  meddle  with  them.  I  think 
they  are  not  accounted  very  venomous.  The  Indians  make 
Girdles  and  Safhes  of  their  Skins. 

Green- Snakes  are  very  fmall,  tho'  pretty  (if  any  Beauty 
be  allow  d  to  Snakes.)  Every  one  makes  himfelf  very  fami- 
liar with  them,  and  puts  them  in  their  Bofom,  becaufe  there 
is  no  manner  of  Harm  in  them. 

The 


Snake 


Green 
Snake. 


of  C  A  R  O  L  I  N  A. 


The  Corn-Snakes  are  but  fmall  ones  \  they  are  of  a  brown  Cow- 
Colour,  mixed  with  tawny.    There  is  no  more  hurt  in  this,-^'-'- 
than  in  the  green  Snake.    -^ 

Ofthofe  we  call  Vipers,  there  are  two  forts.    People  call  Vipers. 
thefe  Vipers,  becaufe  they  fpread  a  very  flat. Head  at  /any 
time  when  they  are  vex'd.     One  of  thefe  is  a  grayffh  like  the 
Italian  Viper,  the  other  black  and  fhortj  and  is '  reckon'd  a- 
mongfl:  the  worft  of  Snakes,  for  Venom. 

Tortois,  vulgarly  calfd  Turtle-,  1  have  fank'd  thefe  fcfortm. 
mong  the  Infeds,  becaufe  they  lay  Eggs,  and  I  did.  not  know 
well  where  to  put  them.  Among  us  there  are  three  forts. 
The  firft  is  the  green  Turtle,  which  is  not  common,  but  is 
fometimes  found  on  our  Coaft,  The  next  is  the  Hawks-bill, 
which  is  common.  Thefe  two  forts  are  extraordinary  Meat. 
The  third  is  Logger-Head,  which  Kind  fcarce  any  one  covets, 
except  it  be  for  the  Eggs,  which  of  this  and  all  other  Turtles, 
are  very  good  Food.  None  of  thefe  forts  of  Creatures  Eggs 
will  ever  admit  the  White  to  be  harder  than  a  Jelly ;  yet  the 
Yolk,  with  boiling,  becomes  as  hard  as  any  other  Egg. 

Of  Terebins  there  are  divers  forts,  all  which,  to  be  brief,  Terebin. 
we  will  comprehend  under  the  Diftin&ion  of  Land  and  Wa- 
ter-Terebins. 

The  Land-Terebin  is  of  feveral Sizes,  but  generally  Round-  Lani-iert-- 
Mouth'd,  and  not  Hawks-Bill'd,  as  fome  are.  The  Indians hm' 
eat  them.  Molt  of  them  are  good  Meat,  except  the  very 
large  ones ;  and  they  are  good  Food  too,  provided  they  are 
not  Musky.  They  are  an  utter  Enemy  to  the  Rattle-Snake, 
for  when  the  Terebin  meets  him,  he  catches  hold  of  him  a 
little  below  his  Neck,  and  draws  his  Head  into  his  Shell, 
which  makes  the  Snake  beat  his  Tail,  and  twilt  about  with 
all  the  Strength  and  Violence  imaginable,  to  get  away-, 
but  the  Terebin  foon  difpatches  him,  and  there  leaves  him. 
Thefe  they  call  in  Europe  the  Land  Tortois  ■■,  their  Food  is 
Snails ,  Tad-pools,  or  young  Frogs,  Mulhrooms,  and  the 
Dew  and  Slime  of  the  Earth  and  Ponds. 

Water  Terebins  are  fmall ;  containing  about  as  much  Meat  Wctef-ie* 
as  a  Pullet1,  and  are  extraordinary  Food-,  efpecially,   mr^in- 
May  and  June.    When  they  lay,  their  Eggs  are  very  good ; 
but  they  have  fo  many  Enemies  that  find  them  out,  that  the 
hundredth  part -never  comes  to  Perfection.    The  Sun  and 

T  Sand 


,.  Si"  I 
I:f:  !  ( 


l?4 


The  Natural  Hiftory 


:.!;■• 


Sand  hatch  them,    which  come  oat  the  Bignefs  of  a  fmall 

Chefnut,  and  feek  their  own  Living. 

Brimftcne-     We  now  come  again  to  the  Saakes.    The  Brimftone  is  fa 

Snake.      cali'd,  I  believe,  becaufe  it  is  almoft  of  a  Brimftone  Golour. 

They  might  as  well  have  cali'd  it  a  Glafs-Snake,  for  it  is  as 

brittle  as  a  Tobacco-Pipe,  fo  that  if  you  give  it  the  leaft 

Touch  of  a  fmall  Twigg,  it  immediately  breaks  into  feveral 

Pieces.  Some  affirm,  that  if  you  let  it  remain  where  you  broke 

it,  it  will  come  together  again.    What  Harm  there  is  in  this 

brittle  Ware,  I  cannot  tell ;  but  I  never  knew  any  body  hurt 

by  them. 

Chicken-       The  Egg  or  Chicken-Snake  is  fo  cali'd,  becaufe  it  is  fre- 

Snale.      quent  about  the  Hen-Yard,    and  eats  Eggs  and  Chickens, 

they  are   of  a  dusky  Soot  Colour,  and  will  roll  themfelves 

round,  and  flick  eighteen,  or  twenty  Foot  high,  by  the  fide 

of  a  fmooth-bark'd  Pine,  where  there  is.no  manner  of  Hold, 

and  there  fun  themfelves,  and  fleep  all  the  Sunny  Part  of  the 

Day.    There  is  no  great  matter  of  Poifon  in  them. 

Wood-  The  Wood- Worms  are  of  a  Copper,  mining-Colour,  fcarce 

Worm,      fo  thick  as  your  little  Finger }  are  often  found  in  Rotten-*- 

Trees.    They  are  accounted  venomous,  in  cafe  they  bite, 

though  I  never  knew  any  thing  hurt  by  them.    They  never 

exceed  four  or  five  Inches  in  length. 

The  Reptiles,  or  fmall er  hfetls,  are  too  numerous  to  re- 
late here,  this  Country  affording  innumerable  Quantities 
thereof;  as  the  Flying-Stags  with  Horns,  Beetles,  Butter- 
flies, Grafhoppers,  Locuft,  and  feveral  hundreds  of  uncouth 
Shapes,  which  in  the  Summer-Seafon  are  difcovered  here  in 
Carolina^  the  Defcription  of  which  requires  a  large  Volume, 
which  is  not  my  Intent  at  prefent.  Befides,  what  the  Moun- 
tainous Part  of  this  Land  may  hereafter  lay  open  to  our 
View,  Time  and  Induftry  will  difcover,  for  we  that  have  fet- 
tled but  aTmall  Share  of  this  large  Province,  cannot  imagine, 
but  there  will  be  a  great  number  of  Difcoveries  made  by 
thofe  that  fhall  come  hereafter  into  the  Back-part  of  this 
Land,  and  make  Euquiries  therein,  when,  at  leaft,  we  con- 
fider  that  the  Weflward  of  Carolina  is  quite  different  in  Soil, 
Air,  Weather,  Growth  of  Vegetables,  and  feveral  Animals 
too,  which  we  at  prefent  are  wholly  Strangers  to,  and  to 
feek  for.  As  to  a  right  Knowledge  thereof,  I  fay,  when  an- 
other Age  is  come,  the  Ingenious  then  in  being  may  ftand 

upon 


^/CAROLINA. 


135 


upon  the  Shonlders  of  thofe  that  went  before  them,  adding 
their  own  Experiments  to  what  was  delivered  down  to  them 
by  their  Predeceflbrs,  and  then  there  will  be  fomething  to- 
wards a  complete  Natural  Hiftory,  which  (in  thefe  days> 
would  be  no  eafie  Undertaking  to  any  Author  that  writes 
truly  and  conipendioufly,  as  he  ought  to  do.  It  is  fufficient 
at  prefent,  to  write  an  honeft  and  fair  Account  of  any  of 
•  the  Settlements,  in  this,  new  World,  without  wandring  out 
of  the  Path  of  Truth,  or  befpattering  any  Man's  Reputation 
any  wife  concern'd  in  the  Government  of  the  Colony  y  he 
that  mixes  Inve&ives  with  Relations  of  this  Nature  ren- 
dering himfelf  fufpecled  of  Partiality  in  whatever  he  writes. 
For  my  part,  I  wifh  all  well,  and  he  that  has  received  any 
fevere  Dealings  from  the  Magiftrate  or  his  Superiours,  had 
beft  examine  himfelf  well,  if  he  was  not  firft  in  the  Fault ; 
if  fo,  then  he  can  juftly  blame  none  but  himfelf  for  what  has 
happen'd  to  him. 

Having  thus  gone  thro'  the  hfi&s,  as  in  the  Table,  ex- 
cept the  Eel-Snake,  (fo  call'd,  though  very  improperly,  be- 
caufe  he  is  nothing  but  a  Loach,  that  fucks,  and  cannot 
bite,  as  the  Snakes  do.)  He  is  very  large,  commonly  fixteen 
Inches,  or  a  Foot  and  half  long  \  having  all  the  Properties 
that  other  Loaches  have,  and  dwells  in  Pools  and  Waters,  as 
they  do.  Notwithftanding,  we  have  the  fame  Loach  as  vou 
have,  in  Bignefs. 

This  is  all  that  at  prefent  I  ihall  mention,  touching  the  jfe- 
fim,  and  fo  go  on  to  give  an  Account  of  the  Fowls  and  Birds, 
that  are  properly  found  in  Caroling  which  are  thefe. 


Birds  of  Carolina. 


Eagle  bald. 

Eagle  gray. 

Fijhing  Hawk. 

Turkey  Buzzard,  or  Vulture, 

Hernng-taiPd  Hawk. 

Cojhawk. 

Falcon. 

Merlin. 

Sparrow-hawk, 

Hobby, 


Ring-tail. 

Raven. 

Crow. 

Black  Birds,  two  forts. 

Buntings  two  forts, 

Theafant. 

Woodcock. 

Snipe. 

Tartridge, 

Moorhen. 

T  % 


Birds  in 
America 
more  beau; 
tiful  than 
in  Eu- 
rope. 


Jty 


Natural  Hiftory 


Red  Bird. 

Eafl-  India  Bat. 

Martins,  two  forts.. 

Diveling,  or  Swift. 

Swallow. 

Humming  Bird. 

The  Tom-Tit,  or  Ox-Eye. 

Owls,  two  forts. 

Switch  Owl. 

Baltimore  bird. 

Throflle,  no  Singer. , 

Whippeo  Will.     - 

Reed  Sparrow.. 

Weet  bird. 

Rice  bird. 

Cranes  and  Storks, 

Snow-birds-. 

Yellow-wings. 


Water  Fowl  are, 


Swans,  called  Trompeters* 

Swans,  called  Hoopers, 

Gtefe,  three  forts. 

Brant  gray. 

Brant  white. 

Sea-pies  or  pied-  CwlneSc 

WtllWillets. 

Great  Gray  Gulls. 

Old  Wives, 

Sea  Cock. 

Car  lues,  three  fort?,* 

Coots. 

Kings- fijher. 

Loons,  two  forts. 

Bitterns,  three  forts* 

Hern  gray. 

Hern  white. 

Water  TheafanU 

Little  gray  Gull. 

Link  Fijher-,  or  D*ft&* 


Duels,  as  in  England. 

Ducks  black,  all  Summer. 

Ducks  pied,  build  on  Trees. 

Ducks  whifiling,  at  Sapona^ 

Ducks  fcarlet-eye  at  Efaw. 

Blue-wings. 

Widgeon. 

Teal,  two  forts. 

Shovelers. 

Whifflers. 

Black  FluftererS)  or  bald  Cwt. 

Turkeys  wild*. 

Fijher  men. 

Divers. 

Raft  Fowl. 

Bull-necks. 

Redheads. 

Tropick-birdso 

'Fellican: 

€Qrmo(smtl 


of  CAROLINA. 


J37 


Tutcoch 

Swaddle- bills. 

Men. 

Sheldrakes. 

Bald  Faces. 

Water  Witeb^  or  Ware  'Coot. 


Gannet. 

Shear-water. 

Great  bla  k  pied  Gull. 

Afarjh-hens. 

Blue  Peter  s. 

Sand-birds. 

Runners.  \ 

As  the  Eagle  is  reekon'd  the  King  of  Birds  I  have  begun  BM-2& 
With  him.    The  firft  I  fhall  fpeak  of,  is  the  bald  Eagle  ]  fogfc. 
call'd,  becaufe  his  Head,  to  the  middle  of  his  Neck,  and  his 
Tail,  is  as  white  as  Snow.     Thefe  Birds  continually  breed 
the  Year  round  y  for  when  the  young  Eagles  are  juft  down'd^ 
with  a  fort  of  white  woolly  Feathers,- the  Hen-Eagle  lays 
again,  which  Eggs  are  hatch'd  by  the  Warmth  of  the  young 
ones  in  the  Neft,  fo  that  the  Flight  of  one  Brood  makes 
Room  for  the  next,  that  are  but  juft  hatch'd.     They  prey 
on.  any  living  thing  they  can  catch.  They  are  heavy  of  Flight,, 
and  cannot  get  their  Food  by  Swiftnefs,  to  help  which  there 
ia-a  Fifhawk  that  catches  Fiftes,  and  fuffers  the  Eagle  to  take 
them  from  her ,   although  fhe  is  long-wing'd  and  a  fwifc 
Flyer,  andean  make  far  better  way  in  her  Flight  than  the; 
'Eagle  can.    Thebald  Eagle  attends  the  Gunners  in  Winter, 
with  all  the  Qbfequioufnefs  imaginable,  and  when  he  moots 
and  kills  any  Fowl,  the  Eagle  furely  comes  in  for  his  Bird; 
and  befides,  thofe  that  are  wounded,,  and  efcape  the  Fowler, 
fall  to  the  Eagle's  fhare.    He  is  an  excellent  Artift  at  ilealing     . 
young  Pigs,  which  Prey  he  carries  alive  to  his  ISJeli,  at  which 
time  the  poor  Pig  makes  fuch  a  Noife  over  Head,  that  Stran- 
gers that  have  heard  them  cry,  and  not  feen  the  Bird  and  his 
Prey,  have  thought  there  were  Flying  S<5ws  and  Pigs  in  that 
Country.    The  Eagle's  Nejt.  is  made  of  Twigs,  Sticks  and 
Rubbifh.    It  is  big  enough  to  fill  a  handfome  Carts  Bod y^, 
and  commonly  fo  full  of  nafty  Bones  and  CarcafTes  that  it 
ftinks  moft  ofFenfively.    This  Eagle  is  not  bald,  till  heis  one 
OK  two  years  old. 

The  gray  Eagle  is  altogether  the  fame  fort  of  Bird,  as  the  Gny.£c> 
Eagle  in  Europe \  therefore,  we  fhall.  treat  no  farther  of£^- 
him. 

The  Fiihing-Hawk  is  the  Eagle's  jackal*  which-  rnofi:  com-  sQT 
monly  (though  not  always)  takes  his  Prey  for  him.    He  is  a    m  " 

large. 


The  Natural  Hiftory. 


Merlin. 


Sparrow- 

Hawk. 


large  Bird,  being  above  two  thirds  as  big  as  the  Eagle.  He 
builds  his  Neil  as  the.  Eagles  do;  that  is,  in  a  dead  Gypr els- 
Tree,  either  (landing  in,  or  hard  by,  the. Water.  The  Ea- 
gle and  this  Bird  feldom  lit  on  a  living  Tree.  He  is  of  a  gray 
pied  Colour ,  and  the  mofb  dexterous  Fowl  in  Nature  at 
Catching  of  Fifh,  which  he  wholly  lives  on,  never  eating 
any  Flefh. 

The  Turkey-Buzzard  of  Carolina  is  a  fmall  Vulture,  which 
lives  on  any  dead  Carcafles..  They  are  about  the  Bignefs  of 
the  Fifhing-Hawk,  and  have  a  nafty  Smell  with  them.  They 
are  of  the  Kites  Colour,  and  are  reported  to  be  an  Enemy  to 
Snakes,  by  killing  all  they  meet  withal  of  that  Kind. 

The  Herring,  or  Swallow-taiPd  Hawk,  is  about  the  Big- 
nefs of  a  Falcon,  but  a  much  longer  Bird.  He  is  of  a  deli- 
cate Aurora- Colour ;  the  Pinions  of  his  Wings,  and  End  of 
his  Tail  are  black.  He  is  a  very  beautiful  Fowl,  and  never 
appears  abroad  but  in  the  Summer.  His  Prey  is  chiefly  on 
Snakes,  and  will  kill  the  biggeft  we  have,  with  a  great  deal 
of  Dexterity  and  Eafe. 

Gofhawks  are  very  plentiful  in  Carolina.  They  are  not 
feemingly  fo  large  as  thofe  from  Mufcovy  \  but  appear  to  be 
a  very  brisk  Bird. 

The  Falcon  is  much  the  fame  as  in  Europe,  and  promifes 
to  be  a  brave  Bird,  tho'  I  never  had  any  of  them  in  my  Hand; 
neither  did  I  ever  fee  any  of  them  in  any  other  Pofture  than . 
on  the  Wing,  which  always  happen'd  to  be  in  an  Evening, 
and  flying  to  the  Weftward  •,  therefore,  I  believe,  they  have 
their  Abode  and  Neft  among  the  Mountains,  where  we  may 
expect  to  find  them,  and  feveral  other  Species  that  we  are  at 
prefent  Strangers  to. 

The  Merlin  is  a  fmall  Bird  in  Europe,  but  much  fmaller 
here;  yet  he  very  nimbly  kills  the  fmaller  forts  of  Birds,  and 
fometimes  the  Partridge ;  if  caught  alive,  he  would  be  a  great 
Rarity,  becaufeof  his  Beauty  and  Smalnefs. 
-  The  Sparrow-Haw k  in  Carolina  is  no  bigger  than  a  Field- 
fare in  England.  He  flies  at  the  Bulb,  and  fometimes  kills  a 
fmall  Bird ,  but  his  chiefeft  Food  is  P.eptiles,  as  Beetles, 
Grafhoppers, ,  and  fuch  fmall  things.  He  is  exactly  of  the 
fame  Colour,  as  the  Sparrow-Hawk  in  England,  only  has  a 
blackilh  Hood  by  his  Eyes. 

Hob- 


--*■ 


of  C  A  R  O  L 1  N  A. 


,:?9 


Hobbies  are  the  fame  here  as  in  England,  and  are  not  often  Hobby. 
unec  withal. 

The  Ring-tail  is  a  fhort- winged  Hawk,  preying  on  Mice, Ringtail. 
,and  fuch  Vermine  in  the  Mji  fhes,  as  in  England. 

Ravens,  the  fame  as  in  England,  though  very  few.    J  have  ^w^*. 
not  feen  above  fix  in  eight  Years  time. 

Crows  are  here  lefs  than  in  England.    They  are  as  good  Crow. 
Meat  as  a  Pigeon  \  and  never  feed  on  any  Carrion.    They 
are  great  Enemies  to  the  Corn-Fields^  and  cry  and  build 
-almoft  like  Rooks. 

Of  thefe  we  have  two  forts,  which  are  the  worft  Vermine  BUcU 
in  America.    They  fly  fometimes  in  fuch  Flocks,  that  they  Sirds. 
deftroy  every  thing  before  them.    They  (both  forts;  build 
in  hollow  Trees,  as  Starlings  do.    The  firft  fort  is  near  as 
big  as  a  Dove,  and  is  very  white  and  delicate  Food.    The 
other  fort  is   very  beautiful,  and  about  the  Bignefs  of  the 
Owfel.     Part  of  their  Head,  next  to  the  Bill,  and  the  Pini-' 
ons  of  their  Wings,  are  of  an  Orange,  and  glorious  Crimfon 
Colour.    They  are  as  good  Meat  as  the  former,  tho'  very 
few  here  (where  large  Fowl  are  fb  plenty)   ever  trouble 
themfelves  to  kill  or  drefs  them. 

'  Of  the  Bunting-Larks  we  have  two  forts,  though  the  HeelB/if/g 
of  this  Bird  is  not  fb  long  as  in  Europe.  The  firft  of  thefe  °r  ** 
often  accompany  the  Black-birds,  and  fing  as  the  Bunting- 
Larks  in  England  do,  differing  very  little.  The  firft  fort 
has  an  Orange-Colour  on  the  Tops  of  their  Wings,  and  are 
as-good  Meat  as  thofe  in  Europe.  The  other  fort  is  fomething 
lefs,  of  a  lighter  Colour -,  nothing  differing  therein  from 
thofe  in  England,  as  to  Feathers,  Bignefs,  and  Meat. 

The  Pheafant  of  Carolina  differs  fome  fmall  matter  fVompkafm* 
the  Englijh  Pheafant,  being  not  fo  big,  and  having  fome  dif- 
ference in  Feather ;  yet  he  is  not  any  wife  inferiour  in  Deli- 
cacy, but  is  as  good  Meat,  or  rather  finer.    He  haunts  the 
back  Woods,  and  is  feidom  found  near  the  Inhabitants. 

The  Woodcocks  live  and  breed  here,  though  they  are  not^oico;^ 
in  great  plenty ,  as  I  have  feen  t.hem  in  fome  Parts  of 
England,  and  other  Places.  They  want  one  third  of  the 
Englijh  Woodcock  in  Bignefs  •,  but  differ  not  in  Shape,  or 
Feather,  fave  that  their  Breaft  is  of  a  Carnation'  Colour;  and 
they  make  a  Noife  fwhen  they  are  on  the  WingJ  like  the 
Bells  about  a  Hawk's  Legs,  They  are  certainly  as  dainty  Meat, 


The  Natural  Hiffory 


,  Swamps,  and 


as  any  in.  the  World.    Their  Abode  is  in  all  Parts  of  this 
Country,   in  low,  boggy  Ground ,   Springs 
Percoarfons. 

':?%».  The  Snipes  here  frequent  the  fame  Places,  as  they  do  in 

England,  and  differ  nothing  from  them.    They  are  the  only- 
wild-  Bird  that  is  nothing  different  from  the  Species  of  Eu- 
rope, and  keeps  with  us  all  the  Year,    la  fome  Places,  there 
are  a  great  many  of  thefe  Snipes. 
Tmriige.      Our  Partridges  in  Carolina,  very  often  take  upon  Trees, 
and  have  a  fort  of  Whittle  and  Call ,  quite  different  from 
thofe  in  England.    They  are  a  very  beautiful  Bird,  and  great 
Deftroyers  of  the  Peafe  in  Plantations ;  wherefore,  they  fet 
Traps,  and  catch  many  of  them.    They,  have  the  fame  Fea- 
ther, as  in  Europe -r  only  the  Cock  wants  the  Horfe-Shooe, 
in  lieu  of  which  he  has  a  fair  Half-Circle  over  each  Eye. 
Thefe  fas  well  as  the  Woodcock;  are  le'fs  than  the  European 
•  Bird,  but  far  finer  Meat.    They  might  be  eafily  tranfportedl 
to  any  Place,  becaufe  they  take  to  eating,  after  caught. 
Sloorhew.       The  Moorhens  are  of  the  black  Game.     I  am  inform'd,' 
that  the  gray  Game  haunts  the  Hills.   They  never  come  into 
the  Settlement,  but  keep  in  the  hilly  Parts. 
3*/'  Jays  are  here  common,  and  very  mifchievous,  in  devour- 

ing our  Fruit,  and  fpoiling  more  than  they  eat.  They  are 
abundantly  more  beautiful,  and  finer  feather'd  than  thofe  in 
Europe,  and  not  above  half  fo  big. 

The  Lap-wing  or  Green-Plover  are  here  very  common. 
They  cry  pretty  much,  as  the  English  Plovers  doj  and  dif- 
fer not.  much  in  Feather,  but  want  a  third  of  their  Big- 
nefs. 

The  gray  or  whittling  Plover,  are  very  fcarce  amongft  us. 
I  never  faw  any  but  three  times,  that  fell  and  fettled  on  the 
Ground.  They  differ  very  little  from  thofe  in  Europe,  as  far 
as  I  could  difcern.  I  have  feen  feveral  great  Flocks  of  them 
fly  over  head ',  therefore,  believe,  they  inhabit  the  Valleys 
near  the  Mountains. 
Tigeons.  Our  wild  Pigeons,  are  like  the  Wood-Queefe  or  Stock- 
Doves,  only  have  a  longer  Tail.  They  leave  us  in  the  Sum- 
mer. This  fort  of  Pigeon  fas  I  faid  before)  is  the  molt  like 
our  Stock-Doves,  or  Wood-Pigeons  that  we  have  in  Eng- 
land ;  only  thefe  differ  in  their  Tails,  which  are  very  long, 
much  like  aParrakeeto's?  You  muft  undtrftand,  that  thefe. 

Birds 


Green- 
Tlover. 


Gray- 

Tlover. 


^/CAROLINA. 


141 


Birds  do  not  breed  amongft  us,  (who  are  fettled  at,  and  near 
the  Mouths  of  the  Rivers,  as  I  have  intimated  to  you  before^ 
but  come  down  (efpecially  in  hard  Winters)  amongil  the  In- 
habitants, in  great  Flocks,  as  they  were  feen  to  do  in  the 
Year  1707,  which  was  the  hardeft  Winter  that  ever  was 
known,  fince  Carolina  has  been  feated  by  the  Chriflians.  And 
if  that  Country  had  fuch  hard  Weather,  what  muff,  be  ex- 
pected of  the  fevere  Winters  in  Penfylvania,  New-Tor^  and 
New-England^  where  Winters  are  ten  times  (if  poffible) 
colder  than  with  us.  Although  the  Flocks  are,  in  fuch  Ex- 
tremities, very  numerous  •,  yet  they  are  not  to  be  raention'd  in 
Comparifon  with  the  great  and  infinite  Numbers  of  thefe 
Fowl,  that  are  met  withal  about  a  hundred,  or  a  hundred 
and  fifty,  JN^iles  to  the  Weftward  of  the  Places  where  we  at 
prefent  live;  and  where  thefe  Pigeons  comedown,  in  queft 
of  a  fmall  fort  of  Acorns,  which  in  thofe  Parts  are  plenti- 
fully found.  They  are  the  fame  we  call  Turky- Acorns,  be- 
caufe  the  wild  Turkies  feed  very  much  thereon-,  And  for  the 
fame  Reafon,  thofe  Trees  that  bear  them,  are  call'd  Turky- 
Oaks.  I  faw  fuch  prodigious  Flocks  of  thefe  Pigeons,  in 
January  or  February,  i70i-2,(which  were  in  the  hilly  Country, 
between  the  great  Nation  of  the  Efaw  Indians,  and  the  plea-, 
fant  Stream  of  Sapona,  which  is  the  Weft-Branch  of  Clarendon,, 
or  Cape-Fair  River)  that  they  had  broke  down  the  Limbs  of 
a  great  many  large.Trees  all  over  thofe  Woods,  whereon 
they  chanced  to  lit  and  rooft;  efpecialfy  the  great  Pines, 
which  are  a  more  brittle  Wood,  than  our  forts  of  Oak  are. 
Thefe  Pigeons,  about  Sun-Rife,  when  we  were  preparing  to 
march  on  our  Journey,  would  fly  by  us  in  fuch  vaft  Flocks, 
that  they  would  be  near  a-Quarter  of  an  Hour,  before  they 
were  all  pafs'd  by  ;  and  as  foon  as  that  Flock  was  gone,  a- 
nother  would  come ,  and  fo  fucceffively  one  after  another, 
for  great  part  of  the  Morning.  It  is  obfervable,  that  when- 
ever thefe  Fowl  come  in  fuch  Numbers,  as  I  faw  them  then, 
they  clear  all  before  them,  fcarce  leaving  one  Acorn  upon 
the  Ground,  which  would,  doubtlefs,  be  a  great  Prejudice  to 
the  Planters  that  mould  feat  there,  becaufe  their  Swine 
would  be  thereby  depriv'd  of  their  Malt.  When  I  faw  fuch 
Flocks  of  the  Pigeons  I  now  fpeak  of,  none  of  our  Company 
had  any  other  fort  of  Shot,  than  that  which  is 'caft  in  Moulds* 
and  was  fo  very  large,  that  we  could  not  -put  above  ten  or  a 


\* 


The  Natural  Hifiory 


funk 
Doves. 

Panaiee 

MS. 


'fbrufnes. 


Wood- 
feckers, 


doien  of  them  into  our  largeft  Pieces^  Wherefore,  we  made 
but  an  indifferent  Hand  of  mooting  them  ;  although  we 
commonly  kilfd  a  Pigeon  for  every  Shot.  They  were  very 
fat,  and  as  good  Pigeons,  as,  ever  I  eat.  I  enquired  of  the 
Indians  that  dwell'd  in  thofe  Parts,  where  it  was  that  thole 
Pigeons  bred,  and  they  pointed  towards  the  vaft  Ridge  of 
Mountains,  and  faid,  they  bred  there.  Now,  whether 
they  make  their  Nefts  in  the  Holes  in  the  Rocks  of  thofe 
Mountains,  or  build  in  Trees,  1  could  not  learn ,  but  they 
feem  to  me  to  be  a  Wood-Pigeon,  that  build  in  Trees,  be-^. 
caufe  of  their  frequent  fitting  thereon,  and  their  Roofting 
on  Trees  always  at  Might,  under  which  their  Dung  com- 
monly lies  half  a  Foot  thick,  and  kills  every  thing  that 
grows  where  it  falls. 

Turtle  Doves  are  here  very  plentiful  -,  they  devour  the 
Peafe;   for  which  Reafon,   People  make  Traps  and  catch 

them. 

The  Parrakeetos  are  of  a  green  Colour,  and  Orange-Co- 
lour'd  half  way  their  Head.  Of  thefe  and  the  Allegators, 
there  is  none  found  to  the  Northward  of  this  Province. 
They  vifit  us  firft,  when  Mulberries  are  ripe,  which  Fruit 
they  love  extremely.  They  peck  the  Apples,  to  eat  the 
Kernels,  fo  that  the  Fruit  rots  and  perifhes.  They  are  mif- 
chievous  to  Orchards.  They  are  often  taken  alive,  and  will 
become  familiar  and  tame  in  two  days:  They  have  their 
Nells  in  hollow  Trees,  in  low,  fwampy  Ground.  Theyde^- 
vour  the  Birch-Buds  in  April*,  and  lie  hidden  when  the  Wea- 
ther is  frofty  and  hard. 

The  Thrufhes  in  America-,  are  the  fame  as  in  England,  and 
red  under  the  Wings.  They  never  appear  amongft  us  but 
in  hard  Weather,  and  prefendy  leave  us  again. 

Of  Wrood-peckers,  we  have  four  forts.  The  firft  is  as 
big  as  a  Pigeon,  being  of  a  dark  brown  Colour,  with  a  white 
Crofs  on  his  Back,  his  Eyes  circled  with  white,  and  on  his 
Head  ftands  a  Tuft  of  beautiful  Scarlet  Feathers.  His  Cry 
is  heard  a  long  way ;  and  he  Hies  from  one  rotten  Tree  to 
another,  to  get  Grubs,  which  is  the  Food  he  lives  on. 

The  fecond  fort  are  of  an  Olive-Colour ,  ftriped  with 
yellow.  They  eat  Worms  as  well  as  Grubs,  and  are  about 
the  Bignefs  of  thofe  in  Europe. 

The 


. — 


*/ CAROLINA. 


H3 


The  third  is  the  fame  Bignefs  as  the  laft  *,  he  is  pied  withTTj/r.i 
black  and  white,  has  a  Crimfon  Head,  without  a  Topping, 
and  is  a  Plague  to  the  Corn  and  Fruit  •,  efpecially  the  Apples. 
He  opens  the  Covering  of  the  young  Corn,  fo  that  the  Rain 
gets  in,  and  rots  it. 

The  fourth  fort  of  thefe  Wood-peckers,  is  a  black  and  Fourth. 
white  fpeckled,  or  mottled;  the  fineft  I  ever  faw.  The 
Cock  has  a  red  Crown  ;  he  is  not  near  fo  big  as  the  others  ; 
his  Food  is  Grubs,  Corn,  and  other  creeping  Infe&s.  He  is 
»not  very  wild,  but  will  let  one  come  up  to  him,  then  fliifts 
on  the  other  lide  the  Tree,  from  your  fight  ;  and  fa  dodges 
you  for  a  long  time  together.  He  is  about  the  fize  of  an  Eng- 
iijh  Lark. 

The  Mocking-Bird  is  about  as  big  as  a  Throilie  in  England^mcckir.^ 
but  longer-,  they  are  of  a  white,  and  gray  Colour,  and  are 5,-rJ/. " 
held  to  be  the  Chorifters  of  America,  as  indeed  they  are. 
They  fing'with  the  greateft  Diverfity  of  Notes,  that  is  pofli- 
ble  for  a  Bird  to  change  to.  They  may  be  bred  up,  and  will 
fing  with  us  tame  in  Cages;  yet  I  never  take  any  of  their 
Nefts,  altho'  they  build  yearly  in  my  Fruit-Trees,  becaule 
I  have  their  Company,  as  much  as  if  tame,  as  to  the  flnging 
Part.  They  often  fit  upon  our  Chimneys  la  Summer,  there 
being  then  no  Fire  in  them,  and  fing  the  whole  Evening  and 
molt  part  of  the  Night.  They  are  always  attending  our 
Dwellings;  and  feed  upon  Mulberries  and  other  Berries  and 
Fruits;  efpecially  the  Mechoacan-berry,  wtych  grows  here 
very  plentifully. 

"  There  is  another  fort  call'd  the  Ground-Mockirig-Bird.2<*-.M 
She  is  the  fame  bignefs,  and  of  a  Cinnamon  Colour.    This 
Bird  fings  excellently  well,  but  is  not  fo  common  amongfl;  us 
as  the  former. 

The  Cat-Bird,  fo  nam'd,  becaufe  ft  makes  a  Noife  ex-Cat'Bird' 
adtly  like  young  Cats.    They  have  a  blackifh  Head,  and  an 
Afli-coloured  Body,  and  have  no  other  Note  that  I  know  of. 
They  are  no  bigger  than  a  Lark,  yet  will  fight  a  Crow  or  any 
other  great  Bird. 

The  Cuckoo  of  Carolina  may  not  properly  be  fo  call'd,  be-cuch*. 
caufe  fhe  never  ufes  that  Cry ;  yet  Ihe  is  of  the  fame  Bignefs 
and  Feather,  and  fucks  the  Small-Birds  Eggs,  as  the  Englijii 
Cuckoo  does. 

U  2  A 


144 


The  Natural  Hiftory 


Blue- Bird 


Bulfincb. 


Nigbtin 
gale. 

I 

Hedge- 

. 

Sparrow. 

1 

|)    ' 

Wren. 

Sparrow, 


i*&rt. 


Zed-Birds, 


•£aft-In- 
dia  Bats. 


Martins. 


A  Blue-Bird  is  the  exafr  Bignefs  of  a  Robin-red-breaft. 
The  Cock  has  the  fame  colour'd  Breaft  as  the  Robin  has,  and 
his  Back,  and  all  the  other  Part,sof  him,  are  of  as  fine  a  Blue 
as  can  poffibly  be  feen.  in  any  thing  in  the  World.  He  has 
a  Cry,  and  a  Whittle.  They  hide  themfelves  all  the  Win- 
ter. 

Bulfinches,  in  America ,  differ  fomething  from  thofe  in 
Europe,  in  their  Feathers,  tho'  not  in  their  Bignefs.  I  never 
knew  any  one  tame,  therefore  know  not,  what  they  might  be 
brought  to. 

The  Nightingales  are  different  in  Plumes  from  thofe  in, 
Europe.  They  always  frequent  the  low  Groves,  where  they 
ling  very  prettily  all  Night. 

Hedge-Sparrows  are  here,  though  few  Hedges.  They 
differ  fcarce.any  thing  in  Plume  or  Bignefs,  only  I  never 
heard  this  Whittle,  as.  the  Engltjh  one  does ;  efpecially  after 
Rain. 

The  Wren  is  the  fame  as  in  Europe,  yet  I  never  heard  any 
Note  fhe  has  in  Carolina. 

Sparrows  here  differ  in  Feather  from  the  English.  We  have 
feveral  Species  of  Birds  call'd  Sparrows,  one  of  them  much  re- 
fembling  the  Bird  call'd  a  Corinthian  Sparrow. 

The  Lark  with  us  reforts  to  the  Savannas,  or  natural 
Meads,  and  green  Marines.  He  is  colour'd  and  heefd  as 
the  Lark  is-,  but  his  Breaft  is  of  a  glittering  fair  Lemon- 
Colour,  and  he  is  as  big  as  a  Fieldfare,  and  very  fine  Food. 

The  Red-Birds  (whofeCock  is  all  over  of  a  rich  Scarlet 
Feather,  with  a  tufted  Crown  on  his  Head,  of  the  fame  Co- 
lour) are  the  Bignefs  of  a  Bunting-Lark,  and  very  hardy, 
having  a  ftrong  thick  Bill.  They  will  ling  very  prettily^ 
when^takeri  old,  and  put  in  a  Cage.  They  are  good  Birds 
to  turn  a-Cage  with  Bells  j  or  if  taught,  as  tlae  Bulfinch  is,  I 
believe,  would  prove  very  docible. 

Eaft-Jndia  Bats  or  Mufqueto  Hawks,  are  the  Bignefs  of  a 
Cuckoo,  and  much  of  the  fame  Colour.  They  are  fo  call'd, 
becaufe  the  fame  fort  is  found  in  the  Eaft-Indies.  They  ap- 
pear only  in  the  Summer,  and  live  on  Flies,  which  they  catch 
in  the  Air,  as  Gnats,  Mufquetos,  &c. 

Martins  are  here  of  two  forts.  The  firft  is  the  fame  as  in, 
England  \  the  other  as  big  as  a  Black-Bird.  They  have  white 
Throats  and  Breafts,  with  black  Backs.    The  Planters  put 

Gourds 


of  CAROL  IN 


45 


> 


Gourds  on  Handing  Poles,  on  purpofe  for  thefe  Fowl  to 
build  in,  becaufe  they  are  a  very  Warlike  Bird,  and  beat  the 
Crows  from,  the  Plantations. 

The  Swift,  or  Diveling,  the  fame  as  in  England.  Swifi' 

Swallows,  the  fame  as  in  England.  Sn-aUow. 

The  Hummiog-Bird  is  the  Miracle  of  all  our  wing'd  Am-^mw&' 
mate}  He  is  feather'd  as  a  Bird,  and  gets  his  Living  as  the 
Bees,  by  fucking  the  Honey  from  each  Flower.  In  fome  of 
the  larger  fort  of  Flowers,  he  will  bury  himfelf,  by  diving 
to  fuck  the  bottom  of  it,  To  that  he  is  quite  cover'd,  and  of- 
tentimes Children  catch  them  in  thole  Flowers,  and  keep 
them  alive  for  five  or  fix  days.  They  are  of  different  Colours, 
the  Cock  differing  from  the  Hen.  The  Cock  is  of  a  green, 
red,  Aurora,  and  other  Colours  mixt.  He  is  much  lefs  than 
a  Wren,  and  very  nimble.  His  Neft  is  one  of  the  g'reateft 
Pieces  of  Workmanfbip  the  whole  Tribe  of  wing'd  Animals 
can  ftiew,  it  commonly  hanging  on  a  fingle  Bryar,  molt  ar- 
tificially woven,  a  fmall  Hole  being  left  to  go  in  and  out  at.  ; 
The  Eggs  are  the  Bignefs  of  Peafe. 

The  Tom-TitT  or  Ox-Eyes,  as  in  England.  Tom-Tit,- 

Of  Owls  we  have  two  forts  5  the  fmaller  fort  is  like  ours  in  0wjSm 
England;  the  other  fort  is  as  big  as  a  middling  Goofe,  and 
has.  a  prodigious  Head.     They  make,  a- fearful  Hollowing  in 
the  Night-time,  like  a  Man,  whereby  they  Often  make  Stran- 
gers lofe  their  .way  in  the  Woods. 

Scritch  Owls,  much  the  fame  as  in  Europe.  Scrhch 

The  Baltimore-Bird ,    fo  call'd  from  the  Lord  Baltimore, 0wls: 
Proprietor  of  z\\  Maryland,  in  which  Province  .many  of  them  BBdtIr'' 
are  found.    They  are  the  Bignefs  of  a  Linnet,  with  yellow 
Wings,  and  beautiful  in  other  Colours. 

Throttle,  the  fame  Size  and  Feather  as  in  Europe,  but  Wroflk. 
never  could  hear,  any  of  them  ling. 

TheWeet,  fo  call'd  becaufe  he  cries  always  before  Rain  ;  Wen  Bird, 
he  refembles  nearett  the  Fire-tail. 

Cranes  ufe  the  Savannas,  Low  Ground,  and  Frogs  \  they  Cranes  ami 
are  above  five  Foot-high,  when  extended ^  are  of  a  Cream  Storl's' 
Colour ,  and  have  a  Crimfon  Spot  on  the  Crown  of  their 
Heads.  Their  Quills  are  excellent  for  Pens  •  their  Flefh  makes 
the  belt  Broth,  yet  is  very,  hard  to  digeft.  Among  them  often 
frequent  Storks,  which  are  here  fee  a,  and  no  where  bef/des 
in  America,  that  I  have  yet  heard  of.    The  Cranes  are  eafi'ly 

bred, 


?  Baltimore- 


146 


The  Natutal  Hifiory 


tSt!OW- 

BmlLi 


Tallow 
Wings, 


u luppoo- 
WiU. 


Zed  Spar- 
row. 


Water 

Fowl. 

■Swam. 


Hooper. 


Wild 

Geefe. 


bred  up  tame,  and  are  excellent  in  a  Garden  to  deitroy  Frogs, 
Worms,  and  other  Vermine. 

The  Snow-Birds  are  molt  numerous  in  the  North  Parts  of 
America,  where  there  are  great -'Snows,  .  They  vifit  us  fome- 
times  in  Carolina,  when  the  -Weather  is  harder  than  ordinary. 
They  are  like  the  Stones  Smach,  or  Wheat-Ears,  and  arede- 
licate  Meat. 

Thefe  Yellow- Wings  area  very -fmall  Bird,  of  a  Linnet's 
Colour,  but  Wings  as  yello.w  as  Gold.  They  frequent  high 
up  in  our  Rivers,  and  Greeks,  and  keep  themfelves  in  the* 
thick  Bufhes,  very  difficult  to  befeen  in  the  Spring.:  They 
fing  very  prettily, 

Whippoo-Willy  fonam'd,  becaufe  it  makes  thofe  Words  ex- 
actly. They  are  the  Bignefs  of  a  Thrulh,  and  call  their  Note 
under  a  Bufh,  on  the  Ground,  hard  to  befeen,  though  yoa 
hear  them  never  fo  plain.  They  are  more  plentiful  in  Virgi- 
nia, than  with. us  in  Carolina',  for  I  never  heard  but  one 
that  was  near  the  Settlement,  and  that"  was  hard-by  an  In- 
dian  Town. 

Thisneareft  refembles  a  Sparrow,  and  is  the  molt  com-, 
mon  Small-Bird  we  have,  therefore  we  call  them  fo.   They 
are  brown,  and  red,  cinnamon  Colour,  ftriped. 

Of  the  Swans  we  have  two  forts ,  the  one  we  call  Trom-; 
peters;  becaufe  of  a  fort  of  trompeting  Noife  they  make. 

Thefe  are  the  largeft  fort  we  have,  which  come  in  great 
Flocks  in  the  Winter,  and  ftay,  commonly,  in  the  frefh  Ri- 
vers till  February,  that  the  Spring  comes  on,  when  they  go  to 
the  Lakes  to  breed.  A  Cygnet,  that  is,  a  Jaft  Year's  Swan, 
is  accounted  a  delicate  Dim,  as  indeed  it  is.  They  are  known 
by  their  Head  and  Feathersy  which  are  not  fo  white  as  Old 
ones. 

The  fort  of  Swans  call'd  Hoopers,  aretheleaft.  Theya- 
bide  more  in  the  Salt- Water,  and  are  equally  valuable,  for 
Food,  with  the  former.  It  is  obfervable,  that  neither  of 
thefe  have  a  black  piece  of  horny  Fleih  down  the  Head,  and 
Bill,  as  they  have  in  England. 

Of  Geefe  we  have  three  forts,  differing  from  each  other 
only  in  fize,  Ours  are  not  the  common  GeeCe  that  are  in  the 
Fens  in  England?  but  the  other  forts,  with  black  Heads  and 
Necks. 

The 


^/CAROLINA. 


J47 

The  gray  BrantT^Ba^cle,  h  here  very  plentiful,  as  all <*£ 
other  Water-Fowl  are,  in  the  Wintet-Seafon.    They  are 
the  fame  which  they  call  Barnicles  in  Great-Britain,  and  are 
a  very  good  Fowl,  and  eat  well.  ■  .     T^. 

There  is  alfo  a  white  Brant,  very  plentiful  m  Amenca.^^ 
This  Bird  is  all  over  as  white  as  Snow,  except  the  T_  ips  01 
his  Wings,  and  thofe  are  black.  They  eat  the  Roots  of  Sedge 
and  Grafs  in  the  Marfhes  and  Savannas,  which  they  tear  up 
like  Hogs.  The  belt  way  to"  kill  thefe  Fowl  is,  to  burn  a 
Piece  of  Marlh,  or  Savanna,  andasfoon  as  it  is  burnt,  they 
will  come  in  great  Flocks  to  get  the  Roots,  where  you  kill 
what  you  pleafe  of  them.  They  are  as  good  Meat  as  the  o- 
ther,  only  their  Feathers  are  flubbed,  and  good  for  xittle. 

The  Sea-Pie,  or  gray  Curiae,  is  about  the  Bignefs  of  a  very  ****,  or 
large  Pigeon,  but  longer.    He  has  a  long  Bill  as  other  Cor««* 
lues  have,  which  is  the  Colour  of  an  Englijh  Owfel  s,  that 
is,  yellowy  as  are  his  Legs.    He  frequents  the  Sand-beaches 
on  the  Sea-fide,  and  when  kill'd,  is  inferiour  to  no  Fowl  I 

ever  eat  ot. 

"  WM  mikt  is  fo  called  from  his  Cry,  which  he  very  exactly  «^ 

calls  Will  WJkt ,  as  he  flies.'.  His  Bill  is  like  a ■Curlue  s,  or'"- 

Woodcock's,  and  has  much  fuch  a.  Body  as  the  other,  yet 

not  fo  tall.     He  is  good  Meat.  r,£J** 

The  great  gray  Gulls  are  good  Meat,  and  as  large  as  a<^«»W 
Pullet.    They  lay  large  Eggs,  which  are  found  in  very  great     ' 
Quantities,  on  the  Mandlrirf  our  Sound,  in  the -Months  of 
June,  and  July.    The  young  Squabs  are  Very  good  Victuals, 
and  often  prove  a  Relief  to  Travellers  by  Water,  that  have 
fpent  their  Provifions.  ,  „ 

Old  Wives  are  a  black  and  white  pied  Gull  with  extraor- old  Wiver. 
dinary  long  Wings,  and  a  golden'  colour'd  Bill  and  Feet.  He 
makes  a  difmal  JSfoife,  as  he  flies,  and   ever  -and  anon  dips 
his  Bill  in  the  Salt-Water.    I  never  knew  him  eaten. 

The  Sea-Cock  is 'a  Gull  that  crows  at  Break  of  Day,  and^Cwfc 
m  the  Morning,  exaftly  like  a  Dunghil  Cock,  which  Cry 
feems  very  pleafant  in  thofe  uninhabited  Places.   He  is -never 

eaten  r 

■    Of'curlues  there  are  three  frrts,  and  vafl  Numbers  of™«» 
each.    They  have    ail  long  Bills,   and  differ  neither    m^ggpr, 
Colour,  nor  Shape,  only  in  Size.  The  largeft  is  as  big  as  a  Loons,  tw* 
•  good/em*.    . 


Her  vs. 

White- 
Hems. 

Water- 


The  Natural  Htftory 


goad  Hen,  the  fmaller  the  Bignefs  of  .a.Snipe,  or  fome  thing 
-bigger,  - 

Bitterns,        We  have  three  forts  of  Bitterns  in  Carolina.     The  fir  ft  is 
tkee forts,  the  fame  as  in.  England;  the  fecond  of  a  deep  brown,  with  a 
great  Topping,  and  yellowifh  white  Throat  and  Breaft,  and 
is  leifer  than  the  former  j   the  laft  is  no  bigger  than  a  Wood- 
cock, and  near  the  Colour  of  the  fecond* 

We  have  the  fame  Herns,  as  in  England. 

White  Herns  are  here  very  plentiful.  I  have  feen  above 
thirty  fit  on  one  Tree,  at  a  time.  They  are  as  white  as 
Milk,  and  fly  very  flowly. . 

The  Water-Pheafant  (very  improperly  call'd  fo  )  are  a 
Pheafam.  Water-Fowl  of  the  Duck-Kind,  having  a  Topping,  of  pretty 

'  Feathers,  which  fets  them  out.    They  are  very  good  Meat. 
Link  gray     ~r/he  little  Gray-Gull  is  of  a  curious ,  gray  Colour,  and 
abides  near  the  Sea.    He  is  about  the  Bignefs  of  a  Whiftling- 
Plover,  and  delicate  Food. 

We  have  the  little  Dipper  or  Fifher,  that  catches  Fifh  fo 
dexteroufly,  the  fame  as  you  have  in  the  Iflands  of  Stilly. 

We  have  of  the  fame  Ducks,  and  Mallards  with  green 
Heads,  in  great  Flocks.  They  are  accounted  the  coarfeft  fort 
of  our  Water-Fowl. 

The  black  Duck  is  full  as  large  as  the  other,  and  good 
Meat.  She  frays  with  us  all  the  Summer,  and  breeds.  Thefe 
are  made  tame  by  fome,  and  prove  good  Domefticks. 

We  have  another  Duck  that  flays  with  us  all  the  Summer. 
She  has  a  great  Topping,  is  pied,  and  very  beautiful.  She 
builds  her  Neft  in  a  Wood-pecker's  Hole,  very  often  tfxty 
or  feventy  Foot  high. 

Towards  the  Mountains  in  the  hilly  Country,  on  the 
^Weft-Branch  of  Calp-Fair  Inlet,    we  faw  great  Flocks  of 
pretty  pied  Ducks,  that  whittled  as  they  flew,  or  as   they 
fed.    I  did  not  kill  any  of  them. 

We  kill'd  a  curious  fort  of  Ducks,  in  the  Country  of  the 
Efavo- Indians ■,  which  were  of  many  beautiful  Colours.  Their 
Eyes  were  red,  having  a  red  Circle  of  Flefti  for  their  Eye- 
lids }  and  were  very  good  to  eat. 

The  Blue- Wings  are  lefs  than  a  Duck,  but  fine  Meat. 
Thefe  are  the  firft  Fowls  that  appear  to  us  in  the  Fall  of  the 
Leaf,  coming  then  in  great  Flocks,  as  we  fuppofe,  from 
Canada,  and  the  Lakes  that  lie  behind  us. 

Wid- 


£>uck  and 

Mallard. 


Black 
Duck 


"of  CAROLINA. 


4-9 


Widgeons,  the  fame  as  in  Europe,  are  here  in  great  Plenty.  Widgeon. 

We  have  the  fame  Teal,  as  in  England,  and  another  fort.rw/twr 
that  frequents  the  Frefh-Water,  and  are  always  nodding^, 
their  Heads,    they  are  fmaller  than  the  common  Teal,  and 

dainty  Meat.  .  , ,    ,  TT     .    ,     , 

Shovellers  (a  fort  of  Duck)  are  gray,  with  a  black  Head. sfovtlkn 

They  are  a  very  good  Fowl. 

Thefe  are  called  Whiftlers,  from  the  whittling  Noife  they  wtgjfy. 
make,  as  they  .fly. 

Black  Flufterers ;  fome  call  thefe  Old  Wives-    They  are  Black- 
as  black  as  Ink.    The  Cocks  have  white  Faces.   They  aiways#«iW< 
remain  in  the  midft  of  Rivers  ,   and  feed  upon  drift  Grafs,  £***- 
Camels  or  Sea-Nettles.    They  are  the  fatteft  Fowl  I  ever       ' 
faw,  and  fometimes  fo  heavy  with  Fleft,  that  they  cannot 
rife  out  of  the  Water.  They  make  an  odd  fort  of  Noife  when 
they  fly.    What  Meat  they  are,  I  could  never  iearn.    Some 
call  thefe  the  great  bald  Coot. 

The  wild  Turkeys  I  mould  have  fpoken  of,  when  I  treatea  w&jf 
of  tJie  Land-Fowl.  There  are  great  Flocks  of  thefe  in  Caro-^ 
Una.  I  have  feen  about  five  hundred  in  a  Flock ,  fome  of 
them  are  very  large.  I  never  weigh'd  any  myfelf,  but  have 
been  inform'd  of  one  that  weigh'd  near  fixty  Found  Weight. 
I  have  feen  half  a  Turkey  feed  eight  hungry- Men  two  Meals. 
Sometimes  the  wild  breed  with  the  tame  ones,  which,  they 
reckon,  makes  them  very  hardy,  as  1  believe  it  muft.  I  fee 
no  manner  of  Difference  betwixt  the  wild  Turkeys  and  the 
tame  ones-,  only  the  wild  are  ever  of  one  Colour,  (viz..)  a 
dark  gray,  or  brown,  and  are  excellent  Food.  .  They  feed 
on  Acorns,  Huckle-Berries,  and  many  other  forts  of  Berries1 
that  Carolina  affords.  The  Eggs  taken  from  the  Neil:,  and 
hatch'd'  under  a  Hen,  will  yet  retain  a  wild  Nature,  and 
commonly  leave  you,  and  run  wild  atlaft,  and  will  never  be 
got  into  a  Houfe  to  rooft,  but  always  pearch  on  fome  high 
Tree,  hard-by  the  Houft,  and  feparate  themfelvesfrom  the 
tame  fort,  although  (at  the  fame  time)  they  tread  .and  breed 
together.  I  have  been  inform'd,  that  if  you  take  thefe  wild 
Eggs,  when  juft  on  the  point  of  being  hatch'd,  and  dip 
them  (for  fome  fmall  time)  in  a  Bowl  of  Milk-warm  Water, 
it  will  take  off  their  wild  Nature,  and  make  them  as  tame 
and  domeftick  as  the  others.  Some  Indians  have  brought 
thefe  wild  Breed  hatch'd  at  home,  to  be  a  Decoy  to  bring 

X  v  others 


150 


The  Natural  Hifiory 


which  they    have  fhot. 


FiJl.'ermeiJ. 


Vivers. 
Haft-Fowl 


Bull- 
N^cks. 


tfd- 
Jhfeads. 

1'rcpiek- 
Birds. 

JeJlican. 


Cormorant, 


$atmet, 


others  to  rooft  near  their  Cabins , 
But  to  return  to  the  Water-Fowl. 

Fiihermen  are  like  a  Duck,  but  have  a  narrow  Bill,  with 
Setts  of  Teeth.  They  live  on  very  fmall  Fifh,  which  they 
catch  as  they  fwim  along.  They  tafte  Fiihy.  The  bell  way 
to  order  t-hem,  is,  upon  occafion,  to  pull  out  the  Oil-Box 
from  the  Rump,  and  then  bury  them  five  or  fix  Hours  under 
Ground.     Then  they  become  tolerable. 

Of  Divers  there  are  two  forts ;  the  one  pied,  the  other 
gray ;  both  good  Meat. 

Raft- Fowl  includes  all  the  forts  of  fmall  Ducks  a  nd  Teal, 
that  go  in  Rafts  along  the  Shoar,  and  are  of  feveral  forts, 
that  we  know  no  Name  for. 

,  Thefe  are  a  whitifh  Fowl,  about  the  Bignefs  of  a  Brant; 
they  come  to  us  after  Chrijlmas^  in  very  great  Flocks,"  in  all 
our  Rivers.  They  are  a  very  good  Meat,  but  hard  to  kill, 
becaufe  hard  to  come  near.  They  will  dive  and  endure  a 
great  deal  of  Shot. 

Red-Heads,  a  lefTer  Fowl  than  Bull-Necks,  are  very  fweet 
Food,  and  plentiful  in  our  Rivers  and  Creeks. 

Tropick-Birds  are  a  white  Mew,  with  a  forked  Tail.  They 
are  ib  call'd,  becaufe  they  are  plentifully  met  withal  under 
the  Tropicks,  and  thereabouts. 

The  Pellican  of  the  Wildernefs  cannot  be  the  fame  as 
ours;,  this  being  a  Water-Fowl,  with  a  great  natural  Wen 
or  Pouch  under  his  Throat,  in  which  he  keeps  his  Prey  of 
Fifh,  which  is  what  he  lives  on.  He  is  Web-footed,  like  a 
Goofe,  and  fhap'd  like  a  Duck,  but  is  a  very  large  Fowl,  big- 
ger than  a  Goofe.  He  is  never  eaten  as. Food  ;  They  make 
Tobacco-pouches  of  his  Maw.  • 

Cormorants  are  very  well  known  in  fome  Parts  otEngland\ 
we  have  great  Flocks  of  them  with  us,  efpecially  againfl  the 
Herrings  run,  which  is  in  March  and  April;  then  they 
lit  upon  Logs  of  dry  Wood  in  the  Water,  and  catch  the 
Fifh..  . 

TheGannet  ha  large  white  Fowl,  having  one  Part  of  his 
Wings  black  ;  he  lives  on  Fifh,  as  the  Pellican.  His  Fat  or 
Greafe,  is  as  yellow  as  Saffron,  and  the  bell  thing  known,  to 
preferve  Fire-Arms,  from  Ruft. 

Shear-Waters  are  a  longer  Fowl  than  a  Duck  -r  fome  of 
them  lie  on  the  Goafl*  whilflf  others  range  the  Seas  all  over. 

Some- 


of  CAROLINA. 


5 


Sometimes  they  are  met  five  hundred  Leagues  from  Land. 
Tli£y<  live  without  drinking  any  frefh  Water. 

We  have  a  great  pied  Gull^  black  and  white,  which  feems Pied-Gtiil, 
to  have  a  black  Hood  on  his'Head:,  thefe  lay  very  fair  Eggs 
which  are  good  j  as  are  the  young  ones  in  the.Seafon. 

Marfh-Hen,  much  the  fame  as  in  Europe,  only  fhe  makes Marfi). 
another  fort  of  Noife,  and  much  mriller.  ■  Hen^~~ 

The  fame  as  you- call  Water-Hens  in  England,  are  here  verys/ae-p?. 
numerous,  and  not  regarded  for  eating.  ten- 

The  Sand-Birds  are  about  the  Bignefs  of  a  Lark,  and  fre-s<at£- 
quent  our  Sand-Beaches  ,  they  are  a  dainty  Food,  if  you  will  Birds. 
beftow  Time  and  Ammunition  to  kill  them. 

Thefe  are  called  Runners ;  becaufe  if  you  run  after  tbem^m'eru 
they  will  run  along  the  Sands  and  not: offer  to  get  up  y  fo  that 
you  may  often  drive  them  together  to  fhoot  as  you  pleafe. 
They  area  pleafant  fmallBird. 

A  fort  of  Snipe,  but  fucks  not  his  Food ;  they  are  almoft  Tutcorbs. 
the  fame  as  in  England. 

Swaddle-Bills  are  a  fort  of  an  afh-colour'd  Duck,  which 
have  an  extraordinary  broad  Bill,  and  are- good  Meat  \  they 
are  not  common  as  the  others  are. 

The  fame  Mew  as  in  England^  being  a  white,  (lender  Bird,  Mew. 
with  red  Feet.  ,  shel. 

The  lame  as  in  England.  Drakes. 

The  bald,  or  white  Faces  are  a  good  Fowl.  They  cannot  Bail- 
dive,  and  are  eafily  fhotten.  FMes> 

Water- Witch,  or  Ware-Coots,  are  a  Fowl  with  Down  tyfer- 
and  no  Feathers ;  they  dive  incomparably,  fo  that  naFowler^^* 
can  hit  them.     They  can  neither  fly,  nor  go  j  but  get  into 
the  Fifh-wares,  and  cannot  fly  over  the  Rods,  and  fo  are 
taken. 

Thus  have  we  given  an  Account  of  what  Fowl  hascometo 
our  Knowledge,  lince  our  Abode  in  Carolina ,  except  iome 
that,  perhaps,  have  flipt  our  Memory,  and  fo  are  left. out  of  • 
our  Catalogue.  Proceed  we  now  to  treat  of  the  Inhabitants 
of  the  Watry  Element,  which  tho'  we  can  as  yet  do  but 
very  imperfectly  *,  yet  we  are  willing,  to  oblige  the  Curious 
with  the  belt  Account  that  is  in  our  Power  to  prefent 
them  withal. 


Xi 


The 


*5 


The  Natural  Hifiory 


• 


The  Fifh  in  the  fait,  and  frefh  Waters  of  Carolina,  are, 


Whales^  fever  al  forts-, 

Thrafiers . 

Divel-Fifh. 

Sword-Fift. 

Crampois. 

Bottle-Nofes. 

Porpoifes. 

Sharks,  two  forts. 

Dog-Fijh. 

SpaniSh-MackareL 

Cavallies. 

Boneto's. 

Blue-Fijh. 

Drum,  red. 

Drum- Fiji},  black. 

Jlngel-Fifli. 

Bafs,  or  Rock-Fijb. 

Sheep-Heads. 

Plaice. 

fflofrnder* 


Mullets. 

Shad. 

Fat-Bach. 

Gnard%  white. 

Guards  green. 

Scate  or  Stingray. 

Thornba:h 

Congar-Eels. 

Lamprey-Eels. 

Feb. 

Sun-Fijh, 

Toad-Fif). 

Sea-Tench. 

Trouts  of  the  Salt  Water* 

Crocus. 

Herring* 

Smelts. 

Shads. 

Breams.. 

Taylors. 


_ 


Frefh- Water  Fifh  are, 


Sturgeon* 

Pike. 

Trouts. 

Gudgeon. 

Pearch  Englifh. 

Pearch,  white. 

Pearch,  brown,  or  Welch-men. 

Pearch,  flat,  and  mottled,  or 

Jrifhmen. 
Pearch  fmall  and  fiat,  with  red 

Spts,  cdVd  round  Robins,. 


Carp. 

Roach. 

Dace.. 

Loaches*- 

Sucking- Fifh 

Cat'FiJh. 

Crindals. 

Old-Wives, 

Fount  aw- Fifh; 

White'FiJh; 


The. 


^/CAROL  IN  A. 


The  Shell-Fifh  are. 


Large  Crabs^caWd  Stone-Crabs. 

Smalle,  flat  Crabs.  . 

Oyfters  great  andfmalU 

Cockles. 

Clams. 

Mvfcles. 

Conks. 

Skellop. 

Man  ofNofes. 

Periwinkles,  or  Wilks. 

Sea-Snail- Horns. 

Fidlars. 


Runners. 

Spanijh  or  Pearl-Oyflers. 

Flattings. 

Tortois    and   Terebin,  accounted 

for  among  the  Infetts. 
Finger- Fijh. 
Shrimps. 


Frefh  Water 
Craw-Fijh. 
Mufdes* 


Whales  are  very  numerous,  on  the  Coaft  of  North  Caro-Wluh 
Una,  from  which  they  make  Oil,  Bone,  &c.  to  the  great  Ad- 
vantage of  thofe  inhabiting  the  Sand-Banks,  along  the 
Ocean,  where  thefe  Whales  come  afhore,  none  being  ftruck 
orkill'dwith  a  Harpoon  in.  this  Place,  as  they  are  to  the 
Northward,  and  elfewhere  ;  all  thofe  Fifh  beingfound  dead  on 
the  Shoar,'  moft  commonly  by  thofe  that  inhabit  the  Banks, 
and  Sea-fide ,  where  they  dwell,  for  that  Intent,  and  for 
the  Benefit  of  Wrecks,  which  fometiraes  fall  in  upon  that 

Of  thefe  Monfters  there  are  four  forts \  the  firft,  which 
is  moft  choice  and  rich,  is  the.  Spenna  Get*.  Whale,  from 
which  the  Sperma  C*ti  is  taken.  Thefe  aTe  rich  Prizes ;  but; 
I  never  heard  but  of  one  found  on  this  Coaft,  which  was  near 
Currituck-laltt. 

The  other  forts  are  of  a  prodigious -Bignefs.  Or  tnele 
the  Bone  and  Oil  is  made-,  the  Oil  being  the  Blubber,  or 
oily  Flefh,  or  Fat  of  that  Fifli.boil'd.  Thefe  differ  not  only 
in  Colour,  fome  being  pied,  others  not,  but  very  much  la 
fhape,  one  being  call'd  a  Bottle-Nofed  Whale,  the  other  a 
Shovel-Nofe,  which  is  as  different  as  a  Salmon  from  a. 
Sturgeon.  Thefe  Fifhfeldom  come  afhoar  with  their  Tongues 
in  their  Heads,  the  Thrafher  (which  is  the  Whale's  mortal 
Enemy,  wherefoever  he  meets  him)  eating  that  out  of  his 
Head,  asfoonasheandthe.Sward-Eiflihavekiird  him.  For 
'•   — —     -  wh'enu 


gjgttflfi  i  HV 


54 


The  Natural  Hiftory 


Jbrajbers 


Divel-FiJI) 


Srvord' 
fijb. . 


Crampois, 


Bottle- 
Nofes. 


Torpoifes. 


when  the  Whale-catchers  (in  other  Parts)  kill  any  of  thefe 
Fifh,  they  eat  the  Tongue  ,  and  esteem  it  an  excellent 
Difh. 

There  is  another  fort  of  tbefe  Whales,  or  great  Fi fh 
though  not  common.  I  never  knew  of  above  one-  of  that 
fort,  found  on  theGoaft  of  North  Carolina-,  and  he  was  con- 
trary, in  Shape,  to  all  others  ever  found  before  him  ■■,  beino- 
fixty  Foot  in  Length,  and  not  above  three  or  four  Fool 
Diameter.  Some  Indians  in  America  will  go  out  to  Sea,  and 
get  upon  a  Whales  Back,  and  peg  or  plug  up  his  Spouts,  and 
ib  kill  him. 

The  Thrafhers  are  large  Fifh,  and  mortal  Enemies-  to  the 
Whale,  as  I  faid  before.  They  make  good  Oil-,  butarefel- 
dom  found. 

The  Divel- Fifh  lies  at  fome  of  our  Inlets,  and,  as  near  as 
I  can  defcribe  him,  is  fhap'd  like  a  Scate,  or  Stingray  •,  only  he 
has  on  his  Head  a  Pair  of  very  thick  ftrong  Horns,  and  is  of 
a  monftrous  Size,  and  Strength  ;  for  this  Fifh  has  been  known 
to  weigh  a  Sloop's  Anchor,  and  run  with  the  VefTel  a  League 
or  two,  and  bring  her  back,  againft  Tide,  to  almoft  the  fame 
Place.  Doubtlefs,  they  may  afford  good  Oil ;  but  I  have 
no  Experience  of  any  Profits  which  arife  from  them. 

The  Sword-Fim  is  the  other  of  the  Whale's  Enemies,  and 
joins  with  the  Thrafher  to  deftroy  that  Monfter.  After 
they  have  overcome  him,  they  eat  his  Tongue,  as  I  faid  be- 
fore, and  the  Whale  drives  afnoar. 

Crampois  is  a  large  Fifh,  and  by  fome  accounted  a  young 
Whale  j  but  it  is  not  fo  \  neither  is  it  more  than  twenty  five 
or  thirty  Foot  long.  They  fpout  as  the  Whale  does,  and 
when  taken  yield  good  Oil. 

Bottle-Nofes  are  between  the  Crampois  and  Porpois,  and 
lie  near  the  Soundings.  They  are  never  feen  to  fwim  leifure- 
ly,  as  fometimes  all  other  Fifh  do,  but  are  continually  run- 
ning after  their  Prey  in  Great  Shoals,  like  wild  Horfes, 
leaping  now  and  then  above  the  Water.  The  French  e- 
fteem  them  good  Food,  and  eat  them  both  frefh  and  fait. 

Porpoifes  are  frequent,  all  over  the  Ocean  and  Rivers  that 
are  fait;  nay,  we  have  a  Frefh-Water  Lake  in  the  great 
Sound  of  North  Carolina  that  has  Porpoifes  in  it.  And  fe- 
veral  forts  of  other  unknown  Fifh,  as  the  Indians  fay,  that  we 
are -wholly  Strangers  to.  As  to  the  Porpoifes,  they  make  good 

Oil  j 


^/CAROLINA. 


Oil  ;  they  prey  upon  other  Fifh  as  Drums,  yet  never  are 
known  to  take  a  Bait,  fo  as  to  be  catcb/d  with  a  Hook. 

Of  thefe  there  are  two  forts;  one  call'd  Paracooda-No&s;  Sharks. 
the  other  ShoveLNofes  ;  they  cannot  take  their  Prey  before 
they  turn  themfelves  on  their  Backs  ;  wherefore  fome  Ne- 
gro's, and  others,  that  can  fwim  and  dive  well,  go  naked 
■into  the  Water,  with  a  Knife  in  their  Hand,  and  fight  the 
Shark,  and  very  commonly  kill  him,  or  wound  him  fo,  that 
he  turns  Tail,  and  runs  away.  Their  Livors  .make  good  Oil 
to  drefs  Leather  withal  ;  the  Bones  found  in  their  Head  are 
fa  id  to  haften  the  Birth,  and  eafe  the  Stone,  by  bringing  it 
away.  Their  Meat  is  eaten  in  fcarce  times;  but I°never 
could  away  with  it,  though  a  great  Lover  of  Fifh.  Their 
Back-Bone  is  of  one  entire  Thicknefs.  Of  the  Bones,  or 
Joints,  I  have  known  Buttons  made,  which  fei  ve  well  e- 
nough  in  fcarce  Times,  and  remote  Places. 

The  Dog-Fifh  are  a  fmall  fort  of  the  Shark  Kind  ;  and  avQDog-Fifi. 
caught  with  Hook  and  Line,  fifhing  for  Drums.     They  fay, 
they  are  good  Meat;  but  we  have  ib  many  other  forts  of 
delicate  Fifh,  that  I  fhall  hardly  ever  make  Tryal  what  they 
are. 

Spanfi  Mackarel  are,  in  Colour  and  Shape,  like  the  com- Span iilv 
mon  Mackarel-,  only  much  thicker.    They  are  caught  -with  MuUrd. 
Hook  and  Line  at  the  Inlets,  andfometimes  out  a  little  way 
at  Sea.    They  are  a  very  fine  hard  Fifh,  and  of  good  Tafte. 
They  are  about  two  Foot  long,  or  better. 

Cavallies  are  taken  in  the  fame  Places.  They  are  of  aCaoaB!es 
brownifh  Colour,  have  exceeding  fmall  Scales,  and  a  very 
thick  Skin  \  they  are  as  firm  a  Fifh  as  ever  I  faw  ;  therefore 
will  keep  fweet  (in  the  hot  Weather)  two  days,  when  o- 
thers  will  ft  ink  in  half  a  day,  unlefs  falted.  They  ought  to 
be  fcaled  as  foon  as  taken;  otherwife  you  muft  pull  off  the 
Skin  anti  Scales,  when  boiled;  the  Skin  being  the  choiceft 
of  the  Fifh.  The  Meat,  which  is  white  and  large,  is  drefs'd 
with  this  Fifh. 

Boneto's  are  a  very  palatable  Fifh,  and  near  a  Yard  long.  5«/efc?j.< 
They  haunt  the  Inlets  and  Water  near  the  Ocean  ;  and  are 
killed  with  the  Harpoon,  and  Fifhgig. 

The  Blue  Fifh  is  one  of  our  bed  Fifties,  and  always  very  Blue-Eifk 
fat.    They  are  as  long  as  a  Salmon,  and  indeed,  I  think,  full 
as  good  Meat,    Thefe  Fifh  come  fin  the  Fall  of  the  Year) 

generally 


i$6 


The  Natural  Hiftory 


generally  after  there  has  been  one  black  Froft,  when  there 
appear  great  Shoals  of  them.  The  Hatteras  Indians,  and  o- 
thers,  run  into  the  Sands  of  the  Sea,  and  ftrike  them,  though 
fome  of  thefe  Fifh  have  caufed  Sicknefs  and  violent  Burnings 
after  eating  of  them,  which  is  found  to  proceed  from  the 
Gall  that  is  broken  in  forne  of  them,  and  is  hurtful.  Some- 
times, many  Cart-loads  of  thefe  are  thrown  and  left  dry  on 
the  Sea  lide,  which  comes  by  their  eager  Purfuitof  thefmall 
Fifh,  in  which  they  run  themfelves  alhoar,  and  the  Tide 
leaving  them,  they  cannot  recover  the  Water  again.  They 
are  called  Blue-Fifth,  becaufe  they  are  of  that  Colour,  and 
have  a  forked  Tail,  and  are  fhaped  like  a  Dolphin. 
Rei-  The  Red  Drum  is  a  large  Filh  much  bigger  than  the  Blue- 

Drum  pifh.  The  Body  of  this  is  good  firm  Meat,  but  the  Head  is 
beyond  all  the  Filh  I  ever  met  withal  for  an  excellent  Dim. 
,  We  have  greater  Numbers  of  thefe  Filh,  than  of  any  other 
fort.  People  go  down  and  catch  as  many  Barrels  full  as  they 
pleafe,  with  Hook  and  Line,  efpecially  every  young  Flood, 
when  they  bite.  Thefe  are  faked  up,  and  tranfported  to 
other  Colonies,  that  are  bare  of  Provilions. 

Black  Drums  are  a  thicker-made  Fifh  than  the  Red  Drum, 
being  fhap'd  like  a  fat  Pig }  they  are  a  very  good  Filh,  but 
not  fo  common  with  us  as  to  the  Northward: 

The  Angel-Filh  is  fhaped  like  an  Engli{l>  Bream.  He  is 
fo  calFd,  from  his  golden  Colour,  which  fhines  all  about  his 
Head  and  Belly.  This  is  accounted  a  very  good  Fifh,  as  are 
moft  in  thefe  Parts.  The  Bermudians  have  the  fame  fort  of 
Fifh,  and  efleem  them  very  much. 

Bafs  or  Rock  is  both  in  Salt  and  Frefh- Water;  when 
young,  he  much  refembles  a  Grayling,  but  grows  to  the 
lize  of  the  large  Cod-Fifh.  They  are  a  very  good  firm  Fifh. 
Their  Heads  are  fouced,  and  make  a  noble  Difh,  if  large. 

Sheeps-Head  has  the  general  Vogue  -of  being  the  choicefl 
Fifh  in  this  Place.  Indeed,  it  is  a  very  delicate  Fifh,  and  well 
relifh'd ;  yet  I  think,  there  are  feveral  others  full  as  good 
as  the  Sheeps-Head.  He  is  much  of  the  Bignefs  of  the  An- 
gel-Fifh,  and  flat  as  he  is  •,  they  fometimes  weigh  two  or  three 
Pound  Weight.  This  Fifh  hath  Teeth  like  a  Sheep,  and  is 
therefore  fo^all'd. 
riaicc.  Plaice  are  here  very  large,  and  plentiful,  being  the  fame 
as  in  England. 

Flounders 


Blati- 
Drura, 

Angej-Fijb 


EochFiJb. 


Sheeps- 
Head. 


o/ CAROLINA. 


57 


flounders  fhould  have    gone  amongfr.  the  Frem-  Water  Flounder. 
Fifh,  becaufe  they  are  caught  there,  in  great  Plenty. 

Soles  are  a  Fifn  we  have  but  lately  difcover'd  j  they  are  asSo!es' 
good,  as  in  any  other  Part. 

Mullets,  the  fame  as  in  England,  and  great  Plenty  in  all^'^* 
Places  where  the  Water  is  fait  of  brackifh. 

Shads  are  a  fweet  Fifh,  but  very  bony ,  they  are  very  plen-  sbatis-. 
tiful  at  fome  Seafons.    '  ( 

Fat-Backs  are. a  fmall  Fifh,  like  Mullets,  but  the  fatteft^^--8^^ 
ever  known.    They  put  nothing  into  the  Pan,  to  fry  thefe. 
They  are  excellent  fweet  Food. 

The  white  Guard-Fifh  is  fhaped  almoft  like  a  Pike,  hutWhhs 
flenderer  \  his  Mouth  has  a  long  fmall  Bill  fet  with  Teeth,  in  S-**" 
which  he  catches  fmall  Fifh}  his  Scales  are  knit  together 
like  Armour.  When  they  drefs  him,  they  ftrip  him,  taking 
off  Scales  and  Skin  together.  His  Meat  is  very  white,  and 
rather  looks  like  Flelh  than  Fifh.  The  English  account  them 
no  good  Fifh}  but  the  Indians  do.  The  Gall  of  this  Fifh  is 
green,  and  a  violent  Cathartick,  if  taken  inwardly. 

The  green  Guard  is  fhaped;  in  all  refpe&s,  like  the  other,  £W7J 
fave  that  his  Scales  are  very  fmall  and  fine.     He  is  indifferent      r  ' 
good  Meat }  his  Bones,  when  boil'd  or  fry.'d,  remain  as  green 
as  Grafs.    The  fame  fort  of  Fifh  come  before  the  Mackarel 
in  England- 

Scate,  or  Stingray,  the  fame  as  in£»j/W,andverycom-.fr«ff. 
mon;  but  the  great  Plenty  of  other  Fifh  makes  thefe' not  re- 
garded*,  for  few  or  none  eat  them  in  Carolina.,  though  they 
are  almoft  at  every  ones  Door. 

Thornbacks  are  the  fame  as  in  England.  .  They  are  not {Qtharnb^k- 
common  as  the  Scate  and  Whip-Rays. 

Congaf-Eels  always  remain  in  the  Salt-Water-,  they  areO^r- 
much  more  known  in  the  Northward  Parts  of  America,  thanEels' 
with  us. 

•     Lampreys  are  not  common  \  I  never  faw  but  one,  which 'lanprej. 
was  large,   and  caught  by  the  Indians,  in  a  Ware.    They 
would  not  eat  him,  but  gave  him  to  me. 

Eels  are  no  where  in  the  World  better,  or  more  plentiful,  Eels, 
than  in  Carolina. 

Sun-Fifh  are  flat  and  rounder  than  a  Bream ,   and  aveSun'Fi^' 
reckon'd  a  fine-tailed  Fifh,  and  not  without  Reafon.    They 
are  much  the  flze  of  Angel-Fifh. 

Y  Toad- 


y 


The  Natural  Hifiory 


Sea-Tench. 


Salt-Water 
Trouts 


crocus. 


Bmmg, 


Tcad-Fijk.  Toad-Fifh  are  nothing  but  a  Skin  full  of  Prickles,  an'd  a 
few  Bones  \  they  are  as  ugly  as  a-Toad,  and  preferv'd  to  look 
upon,  and  good  for  nothing  elfe. 

They  are  taken  by  a  Bait,  near  the  Inlet,  or  out  at  Sea  a 
little  way.  They  are  blackifh,  and  exactly  like  a  Tench,  ex- 
cept in  the  Back-fins,  which  have  Prickles  like  a  Pearci. 
They  are  as  good,  if  not  better  than  any  Tench. 

Trouts  of  the  Salt-Water  are  exa&ly  fhaped  like  the 
Trouts  in  Europe,  having  blackifh,  not  red  Spots.  They  are 
in  the  Salts,  and  are  not  red  within,  but  white,  yet  a  very 
good  Fifh.  They  are  fo  tender,  that  if  they  are  in  or  near 
frefh  Water,  and  a  fudden  Froft  come,  they  are  benumm'd, 
and  float  on  the  Surface  of  the  Water,  as  if  dead  \  and  then 
they  take  up  Canoe-Loads  of  them.  If  you  put  them  into 
warm  Water,  they  prefently  recover. 

The  Crocus  is  a  Fifh,  in  Shape  likeaPearch,  and  in  Tafte 
like  a  Whiting.  They  croke  and  make  a  Noife  in  your  Hand, 
when  taken  with  Hook  or  Net.,  They  are  very  good. 

The  Herrings  in  Carolina  are  not  fo  large  as  in  Europe.  They 
fpawn  there  in  March  and  April,  running  up  the  frefh  Rivers 
and  fmall  frefh  Runs  of  Water  in  great  Shoals,  where  they 
are  taken.  They  become  red;if  faked  \  and,  drelt.with  Vine- 
gar and  Oil,  refemble  an  Anchovy  very  much  ;  for  they  are 
far  beyond  an  Englijh  Herring,  when  pickled. 

The  fame  as  in  England;  they  lie  down  a  great  way  in  the 
Sound,  towards  the  Ocean,  where  (at  feme  certain  Seaions) 
are  a  great  many  very  fine  ones. 

The  frefh  Water  affords  no  fuch  Bream  as  in  England,  that 
I  have  as  yet  difcover'd  \  yet  there  is  a  Sea-Bream,  which  is 
a  flat  and  thin  Fifh,  as  the  European  Breams  are. 

The  Taylor  is  a  Fifh  about  the  Bignefs  of  a  Trout,  but  of 
a  bluifh  and  green  Colour,  with  a  forked  Tail,  as  a  Mackarel 
has.  They  are  a  delicate  Fifh,  and  plentiful  in  our  Salt- Wa- 
ters.- Infinite  numbers  of  other  Species  will  be  hereafter 
difcover'd  as  yet  unknown  to  us  •,  although  I  have  feen  and 
eaten  of  feveral  other  forts  of  Fifh,  which  are  not  here  men- 
tioned,, becaufe,  as  yet,  they  have  no  certain  Names  affign'd 
them.  Therefore,  I  fhall  treat  no  farther  of  our  Salt- Water 
Fifh,  but  proceed  to  the  Frefh. 

The  firft  of  thefe  is  the  Sturgeon,  of  which  we  have  Plenty, 
all  the  frefh  Parts  of  our  Rivers  being  well  Jtor'd  therewith. 

The 


Smelts- 


Breams 


Taylors* 


Frefo  W& 
ter  Stv.r* 


<f  CAROLINA. 


The  Indians  upon  and  towards  the  Heads  and  Falls  of  our 
Rivers,  ftrike  a  great  many  of  thefe,  and  eat  them  ;  yet  the 
Indians  near  the  Salt- Waters  will  not  eat  them.  I  have  feen 
an  Indian  ftrike  one  of  thefe  Fiih,  feven  Foot  long ,  and 
leave  him  on  the  Sands  to  be  eaten  by  the  Gulls.  In  May, 
they  run  up  towards  the  Heads  of  the  Rivers,  where  you 
fee  feveral  hundreds  of  them  in  one  day.  The  Indians  have 
another  way  totake  them,  which  is  by  Nets  at  the  end  of 
a  Pole.  The  Bones  of  thefe  Filh  make  good  Nutmeg-Gra- 
ters.   . 

The  Jack,  Pike,  or  Pickerel,  is  exadly  the  fame,  in  Caro*  Pike- 
Una,  as  they  are  in  England.    Indeed,  I  never  faw  this  Fifh  fo 
big  and  large  in  America,  as  I  have  in  Europe,  thefe  with  us 
being  fejdom  above  two  Foot  long,  as  far  as  I  have  yet  feen. 
They  are  very  plentiful  with  us  in  Carolina,  all  our  Creeks 
and  Ponds  being  full  of  them.     I  once  took  out  of  a  Ware, 
above  three  hundred  of  thefe  Filh,  at  a  time. 
-     The  fame  in  England  as  in  Carolina',  but  ours  are  agreatlW?' 
way  up  the  Rivers  and  Brooks,  that  are  frefh,  having  fwift 
Currents,  and  ftony,  and  gravelly  Bottoms. 

The  fame  Gudgeons  as  in  Europe  are  found  in  America.      Gtldie0,i' 

The  fame  fort  of  Pearch  as  are  in  England,  we  have  like-.ffr/? 
wife  in  Carolina ,   though,  I  think,  ours  never  rife  to-be  fo"Par<& 
large  as  in  England.  - 

We  have  a  white  Pearch,  fo  call'd,  becaufe  he  is  of  a  Silver  •^•^ 
Colour,  otherwift  like  the  Englifh  Pearch.  Thefe  we  havePwrf*' 
in  great  Plenty,  and  they  are  preferable  to  the  red  ones. 

The  brown  Pearch,  which  fome  call  Welch-men,  are  the^vi 
largeft  fort  of  Pearches  that  we  have.,  and  very  firm,  white Temh° 
and  fweet  Fifh.    Thefe  grow  to  be  larger  than  any  Carp, 
and  are  very  frequent  in  every  Creek  and  Pond. 

The  flat  or  mottled  Pearch  are  lhaped  almoft  like  a  Bream,  fourth 
They  are  called  Irifh-men,  being  freckled  or  mottled  with/"- 
black,  and  blue  Spots.    They  are  never  taken  any  where, 
but  in  the  frefh  Water.    They  are  good  Fifh  •,   but  I  do  not 
approve  of  them,  no  more  than  of  the  other  forts  of  Pearch. 

We  have  another  fort  of  Pearch,  which  is  the  leaft  fort- of  fifth 
all,  but  as  good  Meat  as  any.    Thefe  are  diftinguifh'd  from*"™** 
the  other  forts,  by  the  Name  of  Round-Robins  •  being  flat  *rRound 
and  very  round- fhap'dj  they  are  fpotted  with  red  Spots  very  Robm* 

Y  2  beau- 


i6o 


The  Natural  Hiflory 


Cirp. 

Upacb* 

Dice. 

loach. 

Sucking- 

Fiji). 

Cat-Ftfo- 


Grindds. 


GH-Wives; 


lounuin- 

-  * 
White- 

Barbouts 

Millers 

thumbs. 

- 

beautiful,  and  are  eafily  caught  with  an  Angle,  as  all  the 
other  fort  of  Pearches  are. 

We  have  the  fame  Carp  as  you  haveinr^W. 

And  the  fame  Roach:,  only  fcarce  fo  large? 

Dace  are  the  fame  as  yours  too ;  but  neither  are  thefe  fo 
large  nor  plentiful,  as  with  you. 

The  fame  as  in  England. 
.  Sucking-Filh  are  the  neareft  in  Tafte  and  Shape  to  a  Barbel 
only  they  have  no  Barbs. 

Cat  Fifth  are  a  round  blackifn  Fifh,  with  a  great  flat  Head 
a  wide  Mouth,  and  no  Scales  •  they  fomething  referable  Eels 
in  Tafte.    Both  this  fort,  and  another  that  frequents  the  Sale 
Water,  are  very  plentiful.'' 

Grindals  are  a  long  fcaled  Fifh  with  fmall  Eyes  5  and  fre- 
quent Ponds,  Lakes,  and  flow-running  Creeks  and  Swamps. 
They  are  a  foft  forry  Fifh,  and  good  for  nothing  \  though 
fome  eat  them  for  good  Fifh. 

Thefe  are  a  bright  fcaly  Fifh,  which  frequent  the  Swamps, 
and  frefh  Runs  •  they  feem  to  be  between  an  Ewlijb  Roa'ch 
and  a  Bream,  and  eat  much  like  the  latter.'  The  Indians  kill 
abundance  of  thefe,  and  barbakue  them,  till  they  are  crifp 
then  tranfport  them,  in  wooden  Hurdles,  to  their  Towns 
and  Quarters. 

TheFountain-Fifh  area  white  fort  which  breed  in  the  clear 
Running  Springs  and  Fountains  of  Water,  where  the  Clear- 
nefs  thereof  makes  them  very  difficult  to  be  taken.  I  cannot 
fay  how  good  they  are;  becaufe  1  have  not  as  yet  tailed  of 
them. 

The  white  Fifh  are  very  large;  fome  being  two  Foot  and 
a  half  long  and  more.  They  are  found  a  great  way  up  in 
the  Frefnes  of  the  Rivers  \  and  are  firm  Meat,  and  an  extra- 
ordinary well-relifiYd  Fifh. 

Barbouts  and  Millers-Thumbs,  are  the  very  fame  here  in 
all  refpects,  as  they  are  in  England.  What'more  are  in'the 
frefh  Waters  we  have  not  difcover'd,  but  are  fatisfied,  that 
we  are  not  acquainted  with  one  third  part  thereof ;  for  we- 
are  told  by  the  Indians^  of  a  great  many  fcrange  and  uncouth 
fiupes  and  forts  of  Fifh,  which  they  hai?e  found  in  the  Lakes- 
laid  down  in  my  Chart.  However  as  we  can  give  no  farther 
Account  of  thefe  than  by  Hear-fay ;  1  proceed  to  treat  of  the 

Shell- 


^/CAROLINA. 


161 


Shell- Fiih  that  are  found  in  the  Salt- Water,  fofaras  they 
have  already  come  to  our  Knowledge. 

The  large  Crabs,  which  we  call  Stone-Crabs,  are  the  fame  Large" 
fort  as  in  England,  having  black  Tips  at  the  end  of  their  Crabs 
Claws.    Thefe  are  plentifully  met  withal ,    down  in  Core 
Sound,  and  the  South  Parts  of  North-  Carolina. 

The  fmaller  flat  Crabs  I  look  upon  to  be  the  fweeteft  of  small  flat 
all  the  Species.  They  are  the  Breadth  of  a  lufty  Man's  Hand,  crabs, 
or  rather  larger.  Thefe  are  innumerable,  lying  in  moll  pro- 
digious quantities,  all  over  the  Salts  of  Carolina.  They  are 
taken  not  only  to  eat,  but  are  the  belt  Bait  for  all  forts  of 
Fifh,  that  live  in  the  Salt- Water.  Thefe  Fifharernifchievous 
to  Night-Hooks,  becaufe  they  get  away  all  the  Bait  from 
the  Hooks; 

Oyilers,  great  andfmall,  are  found  almoft  in  every  Creek  oyfieru 
and  Gut  of  Salt- Water,  and  are  very  good  and  well-relihYci 
The  large  Oy  Iters  are  excellent,  pickled. 

One  Cockle  in  Carolina  is  as  big  as  five  or  fix  in  England.  Cockles. 
They  are  often-  thrown  upon  "the  Sands  on  the  Sound-Side, 
where  the  Gulls  are  always  ready  to  open  and  eat  them. 

Clams  are  a  fort  of  Cockles,  only  differing  in  Shell,  which  clams*. 
is  thicker  and  not  ftreak'd ,  or  ribb'd.  T4iefe.are  found 
throughout  all  the  Sound  and  Salt-Water-Ponds.  The  Meat 
is  the  fame  for  Look  and  Tafte  as  the  Cockle.  Thefe  make 
an  excellent  ftrong  Broth,  and  eat  well,  either  roafted  or 
pickled. 

The  Mufcies  in  Carolina  have  a  very  large  Shell,  ftriped  Mufties.- 
with  Dents,    They  grow  by  the  fide  of  Ponds  and  Creeks,  in 
Salt- Water,  wherein  you  may  get  as  many  of  them  as  you 
pleafe,  I  do  not  like  them  fo  well  as  the  Englijli  Mufcle,  which 
is  no  good  Shell-Fifh. 

Some  of  the  Shells  of  thefe  are  as  large  as  a  Man's  Hand,  conks,. 
but  the  leifer  fort  are  the  belt  Meat,  and  thofe  not  extraor- 
dinary. They  are  fhap'd  like  the  end  of  a  Horfes  Yard.  Of 
their  Shells ,  the  Peak  or  Wampum  is  made,  which  is  the 
richeft  Commodity  amonglt  the  Indians.  They  breed  like  a 
long  Thing  IhapM  like  a  Snake,  but  containing  a  fort  of 
joints,,  in  the  Hollo wnefs  whereof  are- thoufands  of  fmali 
Coaks,  no  bigger  then  fmail  Grains  of  pepper* 


*m*mmmm^im 


162 


The  Natural  Hiflory 


:■  " 


Skejlops. 


Mm  of 
Nofes. 


mih. 


SnaiU 
Hom, 

fid! or. 


Tymnet. 


SpaniftV 
Oyfters. 

flattings- 


Finger- 

mjb- 


Shrimps. 

Small- 
Cockles, 


Mufcks. 


The  Skellops,  if  well  drefs'd,  are  a  pretty  Shell-Fifh  •  but 
to  eat  them  only  roafted,  without  any  other  Addition,  in 
my  Judgment,  are  too  lufcious. 

Man  of  Nofes  are  a  Shell-Fifh  commonly  found  amongft  us. 
They  are  valued  for  increafing  Vigour  in  Men,  and  making 
barren  Women  fruitful  \  but  I  think  they  have  no  need  of 
that  Fiftr,  for  the  Women  in  Carolina,  are  fruitful  enough 
without  their  Helps. 

Wilks,  or  Periwinkles,  are  not  fo  large  here,  as  in  the 
Iflands  of  Stilly,  and  in  other  Parts  of  Europe,  though  very 
fweet. 

The  Sea- Snail-Horn  is  large,  and  very  good  Meatj  they 
are  exa&ly  fhaped  as  other  Snail-Horns  are. 

Fidlars  are  a  fort  of  fmall  Crabs,  that  lie  in  Holes  in  the 
Marines.  The  Raccoons  eat  them  very  much.  I  never  knew 
any  one  try,  whether  they  were  good  Meat  or  no. 

Puinners  live  chiefly  on  the  Sands,  but  fometimes  run  into 
the  Sea.  They  have  Holes  in  the  Sand-Beaches  and  are  a 
whitifli  fort  of  a  Crab.  Tho'  fmall,  they  run  as  faff,  as  a  Man, 
and  are  good  for  nothing  but  to  look  at. 

Spanifj  Oyfters  have  a  very  thin  Shell,and  rough  on  the  out- 
fide.  They  art  very  .good  Shell-Fifh,  and  fo  large,  that  half 
a  dozen  are  enow  to  fatisfy  an  hungry  Stomach. 

The  Flattings  are  inclofed  in  a  broad,  thin  Shell,  the  whole 
Fifh  being  flat.  They  are  inferiour  to  no  Shell-Fifh  this  Coun- 
try affords. 

Finger-Fifh  are  very  plentiful  in  this  Country,  they  are 
of  the  Length  of  a  Man's  Finger,  and  lie  in  the  Bottom  of 
the  Water  about  one  or  two  Foot  deep.  They  are  very 
good. 

Shrimps  are  here  very  plentiful  and  good,  and  are  to  be 
taken  with  a  Small-Bow -Net,  in  great  Quantities. 

The  fmall  Cockles  are  about  the  Bignefs  of  the  largefl:  Eng- 
lljh  Cockles,  and  differ  nothing  from  them,  unlefsin  the  Shells, 
which  are  itriped  crofs-wife  as  well  as  long-wife. 

The  Frefh- Water  Shell-Fifh  are, 

Mufcles,  which  are  eaten  by  the  Indians,  after  five  or  fix 
hours  Boiling,  to  make  them  tender,  and  then  are  good  for 
nothing. 


Craw- 


of  CAROLINA. 


163 


Craw-Fifh,  in  the  Brooks,,  and  fmall  Rivers  of  Water,  a-  Craw-Ftp 
mongft  the  Tuskeruro  Indians,  and  up  higher,  are  found  very 
plentifully,  and  as  good  as  any  in  the  World. 

And  thus  I  have  gone  through  thefeveral  Species  of  Filh, 
fo  far  as  they  have  come  to  my  Knowledge,  in  the  eight  Years 
that  I  have  lived  in  Carolina.   I  mould  have  made  a  larger  Dis- 
covery, when  travelling  fo  far  towards  the  Mountains,  and 
amongfl:  the  Hills,  had  it  not  been  in  the  Winter-Seafon, 
which  was  improper  to  make  any  Enquiry  into  any  of  the 
Species  before  recited.    Therefore,  as  my  Intent  was,  I  pro- 
ceed to  what  remains  of  the  Pre  fern  State  of  Carolina,  having 
already  accounted  for  the  Animals,  and  Vegetables,  as  far  as 
this  Volume  would  allow  of}  whereby  the  Remainder,  though 
not  exadly  known,  may  yet  be  guefs'd  at,  if  we  confidcr 
what  Latitude  Carolina  lies  in,   which  reaches  from  29  to 
30*  deg.  30  min.   Northern  Latitude,  as  1  have  before  ob- 
ferv'd.     Which  Latitude  is  as  fertile  and  pleafant,  as  any  in 
the  World,  as  well  for  the  Produce  of  Minerals,  Fruit,  Grain, 
and  Wine,  as  other  rich  Commodities.    And  indeed,  all  the 
Experiments  that  have  been  made  in  Carolina,  of  the  Fertility 
and  natural  Advantages  of  the  Country,  have  exceeded  all  Ex- 
pectation, as.affbrding  fome  Commodities,  which  other  Places, 
in  the  fame  Latitude,  do  noti    As  for  Minerals,  as  they  are 
Subterraneous  Produces,  fo,  in  all  new  Countries,  they  are  the- 
Species  that  are  laft  difcover'dj  and  efpecially,  in  Carolina? 
where  the  Indians  never  look  for  any  thing  lower  than  the 
Superficies  of  the  Earth,  being  a  Race  of  Men'the  leafl* ad- 
dicted to  delving  of  any  People  that  inhabit  So  fine  a  Country 
as  Carolina  is.    As  good  if  not  better  Mines  than  thoSe  the 
Spaniards  pofTefs  in  America,  lie  full  Well  from  us  \  and  I  am 
certain,  we  have  as  Mountainous  Land,  and  as  great  Probabi- 
lity of  having  rich  Minerals  in  Carolina,  as  any  of  thofe  Parts 
that  are  already  found  to  be  So  rich  therein.    But,  waving 
this  Subject,  till  fome  other  Opportunity,  I  mail  now  give, 
you   fome  Obfervations  in  general,    concerning  Carolina-*    ■ 
which  are,  firft,  that  it  lies  as  convenient  for  Trade  as  any 
of  the  Plantations  in  Ajnerica;  that  we  have  Plentv  of  Pitch, 
Tar,  Skins  of  Deer,  and  Beeves,  Furs,  Rice,  Wheat,  Rie, 
Indian  Grain,  Sundry  forts  of  PulSe,  Turpentine,  Ro^in,  Mails, 
Yards,  Planks  and  Boards,  Staves  and  Lumber,  Timber  of 
many  common  forts,  lit  for  any-USes ;  Hemp,  Flax,  Barley, 

■  Oats, 


The  Natural  Hifiory 


Oats,  Buck- Wheat,  Beef,  Pork  ,  Tallow,  Hides,  Whale- 
Bone  and  Oil,  Wax,  Cheefe,  Butter,  &c.  befides  Drugs, 
Dyes,  Fruit,  Silk,^  Cotton,  Indico,  Oil,  and  Wine  that  we 
need  not  doubt  of,  as  foon  as  we  make  a  regular  EfTay,  the 
Country  being  adorn'd  with  pleafant  Meadows ,  Rivers, 
Mountains  ,  Valleys ,  Hills,  and  rich  Paftures,  and  blefled. 
with  wholefomc  pure  Air  y  efpecially  a  little  backwards  from 
the  Sea,  where  the  wild  Beaif  s  inhabit,  none  of  which  are 
voracious.  The  Men  are  active,  the  Women  fruitful  to  Ad- 
miration, every  Houfe  being  full  of  Children,  and  feveral 
Women  that  have  come  hither  barren ,  having  prefently 
prov'd  fruitful.  There  cannot  be  a  richer  Soil,  no  Place  a- 
bounding  more  in  Flefh  and  Fowl,  both  wild  and  tame,  be- 
fides Filh ,  Fruit,  Grain,  Cider,  and  many  other  pleafant 
Liquors  ;  together  with  feveral  other  NecefTaries  for  Life 
and  Trade,  that  are  daily  found  out,  as  new  Difcoveries  are 
made.  The  Stone  and  Gout  feldom  trouble  us  ;  the  Confump- 
tion  we  are  wholly  Strangers  to,  no  Place  affording  a  better 
Remedy  for  that  Diftemper,  than  Carolina.  For  Trade,  we 
lie  fo  near  to  Virginia,  that  we  have  the  Advantage  of  their 
Convoys;  as  alfo  Letters  from  thence,  in  two  or  three  Days 
at  moll,  in  fome  Places  in  as  few  Hours.  Add  to  this,  that 
the  great  Number  of  Ships  which  come  within  thofe  Capes, 
for  Virginia  and  Maryland^  take  off  our  Provifions,  and  give 
us  Bills  of  Exchange  for  England,  which  is  Sterling  Money. 
The  Planters  in  Virginia  and  Maryland  are  forc'd  to  do  the 
fame,  the  great  Quantities  of  Tobacco  that  are  planted  there, 
making  Provifions  fcarce;  and  Tobacco  is  a  Commodity 
oftentimes  fo  low,  as  to  bring  nothing,  whereas  Provifions 
and  Naval  Stores  never  fa  il  of  a  Market.  Befides,  where 
thefe  are  raifed,  in  fuch  Plenty  as  in  Carolina,  there  always 
appears  good  Houfekeeping,  and  Plenty  of  all  manner  of  de- 
licate Eatables.  For  Inftance,  the  Pork  of  Carolina  is  very 
good,  the  younger  Hogs  fed  on  Peaches,  Maiz,  and  fuch  o- 
ther  natural  Produce;  being  fome  of  the  fweeteil  Meat  that 
the  World  affords,  as  is  acknowledged  by  all  Strangers  that 
have  been  there.  And  as  for  the  Beef,  in  Pampticough,  and 
the  Southward  Parts,  it  proves  extraordinary.  We  have 
not  only  Provifions  plentiful,  but  Cloaths  of  our  own  Manu- 
factures, which  are  made,  and  daily  increafe;  Cotton,  Wool, 
Hemp,  and  Flax,  -being  of  our  own  Growth;  and  the  Wo- 
men 


of  CAROLINA. 


'65 


men  to  be  highly  commended  for  their  Induflry  in  Spinning, 
and  ordering  their  Houfwifry  to  ib  great  Advantage  as  they 
generally  do;  which  is  much  more  eafy,  by  reafon  this  happy 
Climate,  vifited  with  fo  mild  Winters,  is  much  warmer  than 
the  Northern  Plantations,  which  faves  abundance  of  Cloaths; 
fewer  ferving  our  Neceflities,  and  thofe  of  our  Servants.  But 
this  is  not  all  ;  for  we  can  go  out  with  our  Commodities,  to  any 
other  Part  of  thQWefl-Indiei,  oYelfe  where,  in  the  Depth  of 
Winter;  whereas,  thofe  in  New- England,  New-York^  Penfyt- 
vania,  and  the  Colonies  to  the  Northward  of  us,  cannot  ftir 
for  Ice,  but  are  fall  lock'd  into  their  Harbours.  Befides,  wc 
can  trade  with  South-Carolina,  and  pay  no  Duties  or  Cuftoms, 
no  more  than  their  own  VefTels,  both  North  and  South  be- 
ing under  the  fame  Lords-Proprietors.  We  have,  as  I  obferv'd 
before,  another  great  Advantage,  in  not  being  a  Frontier, 
and  fo  continually  alarm'd  by  the  Enemy  ;  and  what  has  been 
accounted  a  Detriment  to  us,  proves  one  of  the  greateft  Ad- 
vantages any  People  could  wifh  ;  which  is,  our  Country's  be- 
ing faced  with  a  Sound  near  ten  Leagues  over  in  fome  Places, 
through  which,  although  their  be  Water  enough  for  as  large 
Ships  to  come  in  at,  as  in  any  part  hitherto  feated  in  both 
Carolina!  \  yet  the  Difficulty  of  that  Sound  to  Strangers, 
hinders  them  from  attempting  any  Hoflilities  againfl  us; 
and,  at  the  fame  time,  if  we  confider  the  Advantages  thereof, 
nothing  can  appear  to  be  a  better  Situation,  than  to  be 
fronted  with  fuch  a  Bulwark,  which  fecures  us  from  our  E- 
nemies.  Furthermore,  our  Diftance  from  the  Sea  rids  us  of 
two  Curfes,  which  attend  moll  other  Parts  of  America,  viz.. 
Muskeetos,  and  the  Worm-biting,  which  eats  Ships  Bottoms 
out-,  whereas  at  Bath-Tomn,  there  is  no  fuch  thing  known; 
and  as  for  Muskeetos,  they  hinder  us  of  as  little  Reft,  as 
they  do  you  in  England.  Add  to  this,  the  unaccountable 
Quantities  of  Fifh  this  great  Water,  or  Sound,  fupplies  us 
withal,  whenever  we  take  the  Pains  to  fifh  for  them  ;  Ad- 
vantages I  have  no  where  met  withal  in  America,  except  here. 
As  for  the  Climate,  we  enjoy  a. very  wholfome  and  ferene 
Sky,  and  a  pure  and  thin  Air,  the  Sun  feldom  miffing  to  give  us 
his  daily  Bleffing,  unlefs  now  and  then  on  a  Winters  Day, 
which  is  not  often;  and  when  cloudy,  the  firft  Appearance 
of  a  North- Well  Wind  clears  the  Horizon,  and  reilores  the 
Light  of  the  Sun.    The  Weather,  in  Summer,  is  very  plea- 

.     2  £knt; 


• 


The  Natural  Hiftory 


fant;  the  hotter  Months  being  refrefh'd  with  continual 
Breezes  of  cool  reviving  Air  5  and  the  Spring  being  as  pleafant, 
and  beautiful,  as  in  any  Place  I  ever  was  in.  The  Winter,  molt 
commonly,  is  fo  mild,  that  it  looks  like  an  Autumn,  being 
now  and  then  attended  with  clear  and  thin  North-Welt 
Winds,  that  are  fharp  enough  to  regulate  Engl  ft  Confuta- 
tions, and  free  them  from  a  great  many  dangerous  Diftem-- 
pers,  that  a  continual  Summer  afflifts  them  withal,  nothing 
being  wanting,  as  to  the  natural  Ornaments  and  Bleffings 
of  a  Country,  that  conduce  to  make  reafonable  Men  happy. 
And,  for  thofe  that  are  otherwife,  they  are  fo  much  their  own 
Enemies,  where  they  are,  that  they  will  fcarce  ever  be  any 
ones  Friends,  or  their  own,  when  they  are  tranfplanted ;  foy 
it's  much  better  for  all  fides,  that  they  remain  as  they  are. 
Not  but  that  there  are  feveral  good  People,  that,  upon  juft 
Grounds,  may  be  uneafy  under  their  prefent  Burdens  ,  and 
fuch  I  would  advife  to  remove  to  the  Place  I  have  been  treat- 
ing of,  where  they  may  enjoy  their  Liberty  and  Religion, 
and  peaceably  eat  the  Fruits  of  their  Labour,  and  drink  the 
Wine  of  their  own  Vineyards,  without  the  Alarms  of  a 
troublefome  worldly  Life.  If  a  Man  be  a  Botamfl,  here  is  a 
plentiful  Field  ofPlams  to  divert  him  in-,  If  he  be  a  Gardner? 
and  delight  in  that  pleafant  and  happy  Life,  he  will  meet 
with  a  Climate  and  Soil,  that  will  further  and  promote  his 
Defigns,  in  as  great  a  Meafure,  as  any  Man  can  wifh  for  }  and 
as  for  the  Conftitution  of  this  Government,  it  is  fo  mild 
and  eafy,  in  refpect  to  the  Properties  and  Liberties  of  a 
Subjeft,  that  without  rehearfing  the  Particulars,  I  fay  once 
for  all,  it  is  the  mildelt  and  beft  eftabliflrd  Government  ia 
the  World,  and  the  Place  where  any  Man  may  peaceably  en- 
joy his  own,  without  being  invaded  by  another  ^  Rank  and 
Superiority  ever  giving  Place  to  juftice  and  Equity,  which 
is  the  Golden  Rule  that  every  Government  ought  to  be  built 
upon,  and  regulated  by.  Befides,  it  is  worthy  our  Notice, 
that  tfejs  Province  has  teen  fettled,  and  continued  the  molt 
free  from  the  Infults  and  Barbarities  of  the  Indians,  of  any 
Colony  that  was  ever  yet  feated  in  America  \  which  mull 
be  efteem'd  as  a  particular  Providence  of  God  handed  down 
from  Heaven,  to  thefe  People  \  especially,  when  we  confider* 
how  irregularly  they  fettled  North-CW//^,  and  yet  how  un- 
difturb'd  they  have  ever  remain'd,  free  from  any  foreign  Dan- 
ger 


of  C  A  R  O  L  1  N  A^ 


167 


cer  or  Lofs,  even  to  this  very  Day.  And  what  may  well 
be  look'd  upon  for  as  great  a  Miracle,  this  is  a  Place,  where 
no  Malefactors  are  found,  deferving  Death,  or  even  a  Pn- 
•fon  for  Debtors  ;  there  being  no  more  than  two  Perfons*  that, 
as  far  as  I  have  been  able  to  learn,  ever  fuffcr'd  as  Criminals, 
although  it  has  been  a  Settlement  near  fixty  Years  •,  One  of 
whom  was  a  Turk  that  committed  Murder;  the  other,  an 
old  Woman,  for  Witchcraft.  Thefe,  'tis  true,  were  on  the 
Stage,  and  afted  many  Years,  before  1  knew  the  .Place  •,  but 
as  for  thelaft,  1  wiih  it  had  been  undone  to  this  day-,  al- 
though they  give  a  great  many  Arguments,  to  juftifie  the 
Deed,  which  I  had  rather  they  mould  have  a  Hand  in,  than 
mvfelf  i  feeing  I  could  never  approve  of  taking  Lite  away 
upon  fuch  •  Accufations,  the  Juftice  whereof  I  could  never  yet 

underfland.  .      ,.     ,  «  1 

But,  to  return  to  the  Subject  in  Hand  ;  we  there  make  ex- 
traordinary good  Bricks  throughout  the  Settlement.  All 
forts  of  Handicrafts  ,  as  Carpenters,  Joiners,  Mafons,  TUi- 
fterers.  Shoemakers  ,  Tanners,  Taylors,  Weavers,  and  mott  O- 
thers,  may,  with  fmall  Beginnings,  and  God's  Blefhng,  thrive 
very  well  in  this  Phce,  and  provide  Eftates-  for  their  Chil- 
dren, Land  being  fold  at  a  much  cheaper  Rate^there,  than  111 
any  other  Place  in  ^w*V*,  and  may,  as  Ifuppofe,  be  purchaied 
of  the  Lord*- Proprietors  here  in  England,  or  of  the  Governour 
there  for  the  time  being,  by  any  that  fnall  have  a  mind  to 
tranfport  themfelves  to  that  Country.  The  Farmers  that 
so  thither  (for  which  fort  of  Men  it  is  a  very  thriving  Place) 
fliould  take  with  them  fome  particular  Seeds  of  Grafs,  as 
Trefoil,  Clover-grafs  all  forts,  Sanfoin,  and  Common  Grafs, 
Of  that  which  is  a  Rarity  in  Europe;  efpecially,  what  has 
fprung  and  rofe  firft  from  a  warm  Climate,  and  will  endure 
the  Sun  without  flinching.  Likewife,  if  there  be  any  ex- 
traordinary fort  of  Grain  for  Increafe  or  Hardmefs,  and  iome 
Fruit-Trees  of  choice  Kinds,  they  will  be  both  profitable  and 
pleafant  to  have  with  you,  where  you  may  fee  the  Fruits  of 
your  Labour  in  Perfection,  in  a  few  Years.  1  he  neceflary 
Inftruments  of  Husbandry  I  need  not  acquaint  the  Husband- 
man withal ;  Hoes  of  all  forts,  and  Axes  muft  be  had,  with 
-  Saws,  Wedges,  Augurs,  Nails,  Hammers,  and  what  otner 
Things  may  be  neceffary  for  budding  with  Brick,  or  Stone, 
which  fort  your  Inclination  and  Conveniency  lead  you  to. 

Z  2,        :  F°r 


68 


The  Natural  Hiftory,  &c. 


For,  after  having  look'd  over  this  Treatife,  you  mull  needs 
be  acquainted  with  the  Nature  of  the  Country,  and  there- 
fore cannot  but  be  Judges,  what  it  is  that  you  will  chiefly 
want.  As  for  Land,  none  need  want  it  for  taking  up,  even, 
in  the  Places  there  feated  on  the  Navigable  Creeks,  Rivers, 
and  Harbours,  without  being  driven  into  remoter  Holes  and 
Corners  of  the  Country,  for  Settlements,  which  all  are  forced 
to  do,  who,  at  this  day,  fettle  in  moffc  or  all  of  the  other 
Englifi  Plantations  in  America  \  which  are  already  become  fb 
populous,  that'  a  New-Comer  cannot  get  a  beneficial  and 
commodious  Seat,  unlefs  he  purchafes,  when,  in  moft  Places 
in  Virginia  and  Maryland,  a  thoufand  Acres  of  good  Land, 
feated  on  a  Navigable  Water,  will  coft  a  thoufand  Pounds ; 
whereas,  with  us,  it  is  at  prefent  obtain'd  for  the  fiftieth 
Part  of  the  Money.  Befides,  our  Land  pays  to  the  Lords., 
but  an  eafy  Quit-Rent,  or  yearly  Acknowledgement  ,  and 
the  other  Settlements  pay  two  Shillings  per  hundred.  All 
thefe  things  duly  weighed,  any  rational  Man  that  has  a  mind 
to  purchafe  Land  in  the  Plantations  for  a  Settlement  of  him- 
felf  and  Family,  will  foon  difcover  the  Advantages  that 
•attend  the  Settlers  and  Purchafers  of  Land  in  Carotin*, 
above  all  other  Colonies  in  the  Englijh  Dominions  in  Ame- 
rica. And  as  there  is  a  free  Exercife  of  all  Perfuafions  amongft 
Chriftians,  the  Lords- Proprietors,  to  encourage  Ministers  of  the 
Church  of  England,  have  given  free.  Land  towards  the  Main- 
tenance of  a  Church,  and  efpecially,  for  the  Parifh  of  S.  Thomas 
m  Pamptkough,  over-againft  the  Town,  is  already  laid  out 
for  a  Glebe  of  two  hundred  and  twenty  three  Acres  of 
rich  well-fituated  Land,  that  a  Parfonage-Houfe  may  be  built 
aponv  And  now  I  lhall  proceed  to  give  an  Account  of  the  In- 
dians, their  Cuftoms  and  Ways  of  Living,  with  a  fliort  Di- 
Plenary  of  their  Speech. 


169 


A  N 

ACCOUNT 

OF    T  H  E 

INDIANS 

O  F 

NORTH-CAROLINA 

Is*  HE  Indians,  which  were  the  Inhabitants  of  America  r 
when  the  Spaniards  and  other  Europeans  difcovei'd 
I  the  feveral  Parts  of  that  Country,  are  the  People 
which  we  reckon  the  Natives  thereof;  as  indeed  they  were, 
when  we  firft  found  out  thofe  Parts,  and  appeared  therein. 
Yet  this  has  not  wrought  in  me  a  full  Satisfaction,  to  allow 
thefe  People  to  have  been  the  Ancient  Dwellers  of  the  New- 
World,  or  Trad  of  Land  we  call  America.  The  Reafons 
that  I  have  to  think  otherwife,  are  too  many  to  fet  down 
here  •,  but  I  fhall  give  the  Reader  a  few,  before  I  proceed  1  , 
and  fome  others  he  will  find  fcatter'd  in  my  Writings  clfe- 
where.  . 

In  Carolina  (the  Part  I  now  treat  of)  are  the  faireft  Marks 
of  a  Deluge,  (that  at  fome  time  has  probably  made  ftrange 
Alterations,  as  to  the  Station  that  Country  was  then  in) 
that  ever  I  faw,  or,  I  think,  read  of,  in  any  Hiftory.    A- 
rnongft  the  other  Subterraneous  Matters ,   that  have  been 
difcoverd,  we  found,  in  digging  of  a  Well  that  Was  twenty 
iix  toot  deep,  at  the  Bottom  thereof,  many  large  Pieces  of 
the  Tulip-Tree,    and  feveral  other  forts  of  Wood,  fome™,   N 
of  winch    were  cut  and.  ndtch'd,  and  fome  fquared,  as  theZlf 
JOices  of  a  Houfe  are,    which  appeal  (in  the  Judgment  Gram 
ot  an  that  law  them;  to  be  wrought  with  Iron  Instruments^ 

it. 


m!)* 


170 


An  Account  of  the  Indians 


1 


it  Teeming  impoflible  for  any  thing  made  of  Stone,  or  what 

they  were  found  to  make  ufe  of,  to  cut  Wood  in  that  manner. 

It  cannot  be  argu'd,  that  the  Wdod  fo  cut,  might  float  from 

fome.  other  Continent  j  hecaufe  Hiccoryand  the  Tulip-Tree 

Shells  fome  avQ  fp0ntane6*os  in  •America^  and, in  no  other  Places,  that  I 

inthT*    could  ever  learn,    ft  is; to  be  acknowledged,  that  the  Spani- 

Eanb,  tbeards  give  us  Relations  of  magnificent  Buildings,  which  were 

Sea  proba- raifed  by  the  Indians  of  Mexico,  and-  other  Parts,  which  they 

Uy  has     difcover'd,  and  conquer'd  ;    amongffc  whom  no  Iron  Inftru- 

tbnm  up  ments  were  found:  But 'tis  a  great  Misfortune,  that  no  Perfon 

fj/c0un-ia  tnat  Expedition  was  fo  curious,  as  to  take  an  exaft  Draught 

try.         of  the  Fabricks  of  thofe  People,  which  would  have  been  a  Dif- 

Mexico   coyery  of  great  Value,  and  very  acceptable  to  the  Ingenious  5 

Buildings.  for^  as  to  tne  pditenefs  of  Stones,  it  may  be  effected  by  Col- 

lifion,  and  Grinding,  which  is  of  a  contrary  Nature,  onfe- 

veral  Accounts ,  and  difproves  not  my  Arguments,  in  the 

leaft. 

Eirthen        The  ne?fc  is»  the  ^rt^Qn  Pots  tnat  are  °^ei1  found  under 

rots  iwierGround,  and  at  the  Foot  of  the  Banks  where  the  Water  has 

Ground,    wafh'd  them  away.    They  are  for  the  moft  part  broken. in 

pieces  •,  but  we  find  them  of  a  different  fort,  in  Comparifon, 

of  thofe  the  Indians  ufe  at  this  day,  who  have  had  no  other, 

ever  fince  the  Englifi  difcover'd  America.    The  Bowels  of 

the  Earth  cannot  have  alter  d  them,  lince  they  are  thicker, 

of  another  Shape,    and  Compofition,  and  nearly  approach 

to  the  Urns  of  the  Ancient  Romans. 

Again,  the  Peaches,  which  are  the  only  tame  Fruit,  or 
what  is  Foreign,  that  thefe  People  enjoy,  which  is  an  Eaftern 
Product,  and  will  keep  and  retain  its  vegetative  and  growing 
Faculty,  the  longeffc  of  any  thing  of  that  Nature ,  that  I 
lbs  stove,  know  of.  The  Stone,  as  I  elfewhere  have  remarked,  is  thicker 
Water-  than  any  other  fort  of  the  Peaches  in  Europe r  or  of  the  Eu- 
Meon  *ndropea„  fort;)  n0w  growing  in  America,  and  is  obferved  to 
Indies  grow  if  Panted,  after  it  has  been  for  feveral  Years  laid  by  ; 
and  it  feems  very  probable,  that  ihefe  People  might  come 
from  fome  Eaftern  Country  j  for  when  you  ask  them  whence 
their  Fore-Fathers  came,  that  fir  ft  inhabited  the  Country, 
they  will  point  to  the  Weft  ward  and  fay,  Where  the  S^n  peps, 
our  Forefathers  came  thence,  which,  at  that  diftance,  may  be 
reckon'd  amongft  the  Eaftern  Parts  of  the  World.  And  to 
this  day,  they  area  Ihifting,  wandring  People-,  for  1  know 

fome 


Indian 
VeacheS. 


have  al- 
ways had. 


-*s^ 


of  North-Carolina. 


171 


fome  Indian  Nations,  that  have  chang'd  their  Settlements, 
many  hundred  Miles  ^fometimes  no  lefs  than  a  thoufand,  as 
is  prov'd  by  the  Savanna,  Indians,  who  formerly  lived  on  the 
Banks  of  the  Mejfiafippi,  and  remov'd  thence  to  the  Head 
of  one  of  the  Rivers  of  South-Carolina;  fince  which,  (for 
fome  Diflike  J  molt  of  them  are  remov'd  to  live  in  the  Quar- 
ters of  the  Iroquois  or  Sinnagars,  which  are  on  the  Heads  of 
the  Rivers  that  difgorge  themfelves'into  the  Bay  of  Chtfapeah 
I  once  met  with  a  young  Indian  Woman,  that  had  been 
brought  from  beyond  the  Mountains,  and  was  fold  a  Slave 
into  Virginia.  She  fpoke  the  fame  Language,  as  the  Coranine 
Indians,  that  dwell  near  Cape-Look-out,  allowing  for  fome 
few  Words,  which  were  different,  yet  no  otherwjfe,  than 
that  they  might  underftand  one anotfier  very  well. 

The  Indians  of  North-Carolind  are  a  well-fhap'd  clean-made  Ind ia n 
People,  of  different  Statures,  as  the  Europeans  are,  yet  chiefly  wlljbafd 
inclin'd  to  be  tall.    They  are  a  very  ftreight  People,  and  ne-r<^&' 
ver  bend  forwards,  or  ftoop  in.  the  Shoulders,  unlefs  much 
overpowered  by  old  Age.    Their  Limbs  are  exceeding  well- 
fnapU    As  for  their  Legs  and  Feet,  they  are  generally  the 
handfcmeft  in  the  World.  Their  Bodies  are  a  little  flat,  which 
is  occafion'd,  by  being  laced  hard  down  to  a  Board,  in  their 
Infancy.    This  is  all  the  Cradle  they  have,  which  I  lhall  de- 
fcribe  at  large  elfewhere.    Their  Eyes  are  black,    or  of  a 
darkHazle;  The  White  is  marbled  with  red  Streaks,  which 
is  ever  common  to  thefe  People,  unlefs  when  fp'rung  from  a 
white  Father  or  Mother.    Their  Colour  is  of  a  tawny,  which 
would  not  be  fo  dark,  did  they  not  dawb  themfelves  with 
Bears  Oil,  and  a  Colour  like  burnt  Cork.    This  is  begun  ia 
their  Infancy,  and  continued  for  a  long  time,  which  fills  the 
Pores,  and  enables  them  better  to  endure  the  Extremity  of 
the  Weather.  They  are  never  bald  on  their  Heads,  although 
never  fo  old,  which,  I  believe,  proceeds  from  their  Heads 
being  always  iincover'd,  and  the  greafing  their  Hair  (fo  of- 
ten as  they  do;  with  Bears  Fat,  which  is  a  great  Nourifher 
of  the  Hair,  and  caufes  it  to  grow  very  fait.    Amongft  the 
Bears  Oil  (when  they  intend  to  be  fine)  they  mix  a  certain 
red  Powder,  that  comes  from  a  Scarlet  Root  which  they  get 
in  the  hilly  Country,  near  the  Foot  of  the  great  Ridge  of 
Mountains,  and  it  is  no  where  elfe  to  be  found."  They  have 
this  Scarlet  Root  in  great  Eftcem,  and  fell  it  for  a  very  great: 

-Pries 


I 


11 

I 


Jin  Account  of  the  Indians^ 


Price,  one  to  another.  The  Reafon  of  its  Value  is,  becaufe 
they  not  only  go  a  long  way  for  it,  but  are  in  great  Danger 
of  the  Sinn  agars  or  Iroquois,  who  are  mortal  Enemies  to  all 
our  Indians  *and  very  often  take  them  Captives,  or  kill  them, 
before  they  return  from  this  Voyage.  The  Tvskeruros  and 
other  Indians  have  often  brought  this  Seed  with  them  from 
the  Mountains;  but  it  would  never  grow  in  our  Land.  With 
this  and  Bears  Greafe  they  anoint  their  Heads  and  Temples, 
which  is  efteem'd  as  ornamental,as  fweet  Powder  to  our  Hair. 
Befides,  this  Root  has  the  Virtue  of  killing  Lice,  and  fuffers 
none  to  abide  or  breed  in  their  Heads.  For  want  of  this 
Root,  they  fometimes  ufe  Pecewz-Root,  which  is  of  a  Grimfon 
Colour,  but  it  is  apt  to  die  the  Hair  of  an  ugly  Hue. 

Their  Eyes  are  commonly  full  and  manly,  and  their  Gate 
fedate  and  majeftick.    They  never  walk  backward  and  for- 
ward as  we  do,  nor  contemplate  on  the  Affairs  of  Lofs  and 
Gain  ;  the  things  which  daily  perplex  us.    They  are  dexte- 
rous and  fteady  both  as  to  their  Hands  and  Feet,  to  Admi- 
ration.   They  will  walk  over  deep  Brooks,  and  Creeks,  on 
the  fmallefl  Poles,  and  that  without  any  Fear  or  Concern. 
Kay,  an  Indian  will  walk  on  the  Ridge  of  a  Barn  or  Houfe 
and  look  down  the  Gable-end,  and  fpit  upon  the  Ground, 
as  unconcern' d,  as  if  he  was  walking  on  Terra  firma.    In  Run- 
ning, Leaping,  or  any  fuch  other  Exercife,  their  Legs  feldom 
mifcarry,  and  give  them  a  Fall ;  and  as  for  letting  any  thing 
fall  out  of  their  Hands,  1  never  yet  knew  one  Example. 
They  are  no  In  venters  of  any  Arts  or  Trades  worthy  men- 
tion;   the  Reafon  of  which  I  take  to  be,  that  they  are  not 
pofTefs'd  with  that  Care  and  Thoughtfulnefs,  liow  to  provide 
for  the  Neceflaries  of  Life,  as*  the  Europeans  are ;  yet  they 
will  learn  any  thing  very  foon.    I  have  known  an  Indian  ftock 
Guns  better  than  molt  of  our  "joiners,  although  he  never 
faw  one  ftock*d  before  ;  and  befides,  his  Working-Tool  was 
only  a  forry  Knife.    I  have  alfo  known  feveral  of  them  that 
were  Slaves  to  the  Englijh,  learn  Handicraft-Trades  very 
*r  n     f  well  and  fpeedily.    I  never  faw  a  Dwarf  amongft  them,  nor 
*0     •  ;'but  one  that  was  Hump-backU    Their  Teeth  are  yellow 
with  Smoaking  Tobacco,  which  both  Men  and  Women  are 
much  addicted  to.    They  tell  us,  that  they  had  Tobacco  a- 
jnongft  them,  before  the  Europeans  .made  any  Difcovery  of 

that 


of  North-Carolina. 


73 


that  Continent.  It  differs  in  the  Leaf  from  the  fweet-fcented, 
and  Oroonoh,  which  are  the  Plants  we  vaife  and  cultivate  in 
America.  Theirs  differs  likewife  much  in  the  Smell,  when 
green,  from  our  Tobacco,  before  cured.  They  do  not  ufe 
the  fame  way  to  cure  it  as  we  do  ^  and  therefore,  the  Dif- 
ference muffc  be  very  confiderable  in  Taite )  for  all  Men  (that 
know  Tobacco^  mult  allow,  that  it  is  the  Ordering  thereof  Indian 
which  gives  a  Hogoo  to  that  Weed,  rather  than  any  Natural  Tobam. 
Relifh  it  poffelfes,  when  green.  Although  they  are  great 
Smokers ,  yet  they  never  are  feen  to  take  it  in  Snuff,  or 
chew  it. 

They  have  no  Hairs  on  their  Faces  (except  fome  few)  and 
thofe  but  little,  nor  is  there  often  found  any  Hair  under  their 
Arm-Pits.  They  are  continually  plucking  it  away  from  their 
Faces,  by  the  Roots.  As  for  their  Privities,  fince  they  wore 
Tail-Clouts,  to  cover  their  Nakednefs,  feveral  of  the  Men 
have  a  deal  of  Hair  thereon.  It  is  to  be  ohferv'd  ,  that  the 
Head  of  the  Penis  is  cover'd  ("throughout  all  the  Nations  of 
the  Indians  I  everfaw)  both  in  Old  and  Young.  Although 
we  reckon  thefe  a  very  fmooth  People,  and  free  from  Hair  •, 
yet  I  once  faw  a  middle-aged  Man,  that  was  hairy  all  down 
his  Back  j  the  Hairs  being  above  an  Inch  long. 

As  there  are  found  very  few,  or  fcarceany,  Deformed, Few  Crig 
or  Cripples,  amongft  them,  fo  neither  did  I  ever  fee  but  oaePles* 
blind  Man  }   and  then  they" would  give  me  no  Account  how 
his  Blindnefs  came.  They  had  a  Ufe  for  him,  which  was,  to 
lead  him  wit;h  a  Girl,  Woman,  or  Boy,  by  a  String  5  fo  they 
put  what  Burdens  they  pleafed  upon  his  Back,  and  made 
him  very  ferviceable  upon  all  fuch  Occafions.    No  People 
have  better  Eyes,  or  fee  better  in  the  Night  or  Day,  than  Indians 
the  Indians.    Some  alledge,  that  the  Smoke  of  the  Pitch-Pine,gooi  Eyes, 
jwhich  they  chiefly  burn,  does  both  preferve  and  ftrengthen 
the  Eyes  ^  as,  perhaps,  it  may  do,  becaufe  that  Smoak  never 
offends  the  Eyes,,  though  you  hold  your  Face  over  a  great 
Fire  thereof.    This  is  occaJIon'd  by  the  volatile  Partof-the 
Turpentine,  which  rifeswith  the  Smoke,  and  is  of  a  friend- 
ly, balfamick  Nature  •,  -  for  the  Afhes  of  the  Pine-Tree  af- 
ford no  fix'd  Salt -in-them. 

Tbey  let  their  Nails  grow  very  long,  which,  they  reckon, Mtpajr 
is  the  Ufe  Nails  are  dellgn'd  for,  and  laugh  at  the  Europeans  their 

A  a  -  for  M«fc- 


1 


3  74 


An  Account  of  the  Indians 


Indians 
Dunce  of 
War. 
On  what 
Account 
hey  make 
,Far, 


for  pairing  theirs,which,  they  fay,  difarras  them  of  that  which 

Nature,  defign'd  them  for. 

Indians        They  are  not  of  fo  robuft  and  ftrong  Bodies,  as  to  lift 

not  robuft,  grea£  Burdens,  and  endure  Labour  and  flavifh  Work,  as  the 

Europeans  are ;  yet  fome  that  are  Slaves,  prove  very  good 

and  laborious :  But,  of  themfelves,  they  never  work  as  the 

Englifh  do,  taking  care  for  no  farther  than  what  is  abfolute- 

ly  neceflary  to  fupport  Life.  In  Travelling  and  Hunting,  they 

''Nbhard    are  very  indefatigable;  becaufe  that  carries  a  Pleafure  along 

Wbekexs.   with  the  Profit.    I  have  known-  fome  of  them  very  ftrong  5, 

and  as  for  Running  and  Leaping,   they  are  extraordinary 

Fellow's,  and  will  dance  for  feveral  Nights  together,  with 

the  greatelt  Brisknefs  imaginable,  their  Wind  never  failing 

them. 

Their  Dances  are  of  different  Natures ;  and  for  every  fort 
of  Dance,  they  have  aTune,  which  is  allotted  for  that  Dance; 
as,  if  it  be  a  War-Dance,  they  have  a  warlike  Song,  wherein 
they  exprefs,  with  all  the  Paffion  and  Vehemence  imaginable, 
what  they  intend  to  do  with  their  Enemies-,  how  they  will 
kill,  roaft,  feulp,  beat,  and  make  Captive,  fuch  and  Tuch 
Numbers  of  them;  and  how  many  they  have  deftroy'd  be- 
fore. All  thefe  Songs  are  made  new  for  every  Feaft  ;  nor  is 
one  and  the  fame  Song  fung  at  two  feveral  Feftiyals.  Some 
one  of  the  Nation  (which  has  the  beft  Gift  of  expreffing 
Indian  tne"'  Defigns)  is  appointed  by  their  King,  and  War-  Gap  tain  s> 
Toet.       to  make  thefe  Songs. 

Others  are  made  for  Feaftsof  another  Nature;  as,  when 
feveral  Towns,  or  fometimes,  different  Nations  have  made 
Dame  of  Peace  with  one  another;  then  the  Song  fuits  both  Nations, 
ff«  and  relates,  how  the  bad  Spirit  made  them  go  to  War,  and 
deftroy  one 'another;  but  it  fhall  never  be  fo  again;  but 
that  their  Sons  and  Daughters  fhall  marry  together,  and  the 
two.  Nations  love  one  another,  and  become  as  one  People. 

They  have  a  third  fort  of  Feafts  and  Dances,  which  are 
always  when  theHarveft  of  Corn  is  ended,  and  in  the  Spring, 
The  one,  to  return  Thanks  to  the  good  Spirit,  for  the  Fruits 
of  the  Earth ;  the  other,  to  beg  -the  fame  Bleffings  for  the 
fucceeding  Year.  Ani ,  to  encourage  the  young  Men  to 
labour  ftoutly,  in  planting  their  Maiz  and  Pulfe,  they  fet. 
a  fort  of  an  Idol  in  the  Field,  which  is  drefs'd  up  exactly 
like  an  Indian-,  having  all  the  Indian*  Habit,  befldes  abundance 


of  North-Carolina. 


*75 


of  Wampum,  and  their  Money,  made  of  Shells,  that  hangs 
about  his  Meek.  The  Image  none  of  the  young  Men  dare 
approach  j  for  the  old  ones  will  not  fuffer  them  to  come 
near  him,  but  tell  them,  that  he  is  fome  famous  Indian  War-  rUntunon 
riour,  that  died  a  great  while  ago,  and  how  iscomeamongft/<W. 
them,  to  fee  if  they  work  well,  which  if  they  do,  he  will  go 
to  the  good  Spirit,  and  fpeak  to  him  to  fend  them  Plenty 
of  Corn,  and  to  make  the  young  Men  all  expert  Hunters 
and  mighty  Warriours.  AH  this  while,  the  King  and  old 
Men  fit  round  the  Image,  and  feemingly  pay  a  profound 
RefpecY  to  -the  fame.  One  great  Help  to  thefe  Indians,  in 
carrying  on  thefe  Cheats,  and 'inducing  Youth  to  do  what 
they  pleafe,  is,  the  uninterrupted  Silence,  which  is  ever 
kept  andobferv'd,  with  all  the  Reipect  and  Veneration  ima- 
ginable. 

At  thefe  Feafts,  which  are  fet  out  with  all  the  Magni- 
ficence their  Fare  allows  of,  the  Mafquerades  begin  at  Night,M^«<?- 
and  not  before.  There  is  commonly  a  Fire  made  in  the  middle radei- 
of  the  Houfe,  which  is  the  largeft  in  the  Town,  and  is  very 
often  the  Dwelling  of  their  King,  or  War-Captain  •,  where 
lit  two  Men  on  the  Ground,  upon  a  Mat  •,  one  with  a  Rattle, 
made  of  a  Gourd,  with  fome  Beans  in  if,  the  other  with  a 
Drum,  made  of  an  earthen  Pot,  cover'd  with  a  drefs'd-Deer- 
Skin,  and  one  Stick  in  his  Hand  to  beat  thereon  j  and  fo 
they  both  begin  the  Song  appointed.    At  the  fame  time, 
one  drums,  and  the  other  rattles,  which  is  all  the  artificial [Indian 
Mufick  of  their  own  making  I  ever  faw  amongft:  them.    To  mlicum' 
thefe  two  Inftruments  they  fing,  which  carries  no  Air  with 
it,  but  is  a  fort  of  unfavoury  Jargon  -,  yet  their  Cadences 
and  Railing  of  their  Voices  are  form'd  with  that  Equality 
and  Exa&nefs,  that  (to  us  Europeans)   it  feems  admirable, 
how  they  fhould  continue  thefe  Songs,  without  once  miffing 
to  agree,  each  with  the  others  Note  and  Tune. 

As  for  their  Dancing,  were  there  Mailers  of  that  Pro-  Dating, 
feffion  amongft  them,  as  there  are  With  us,  they  would  dearly 
earn  their  Money  j  for  thefe  Creatures  take  the  molt  Pains 
at  it,  that  Men  are  able  to  endure.  I  have  feen  thirty  odd 
together  a  dancing,  and  every  one  dropp'd  down  with  Sweat, 
as  if  Water  had  been  poured  down  their  Backs.  They  ufe 
thofe  hard  Labours,  to  make  them  able  to  endure  Fatigue, 
—     A  a  2  and 


■ 


I 


76 


An  Account  of  the  Indians 


Indians 

long 

winded. 


Indian 
Gammg. 


Indian 
Cards. 


Indian 
Dies, 


Indian 
Jrsp-Bdl. 

Indian 
€'iibi?;s. 


and  improve  their  Wind,  which  indeed  is  very  long  and  du- 
rable, it  being  a  hard  matter,  in  any  Exerciie,  to  difpofTefs 
them  of  it. 

-  At  thefe  Feafb,  they  meet  from  all  the  Towns  within  fifty 
or  fixty  Miles  round,  where  they  buy  and  fell  feverai  Com- 
modities ,  as  we  do  at  Fairs  and  Markets.  Befides,  they 
game  very  much,  and  often  itrip  one  another  of  all  they  have 
in  the  World  1  and  what  is  more,  I  have  known  feverai  of 
them  play  themfelves  away,  fo  that  they  have  remained  the 
Winners  Servants,  till  their  Relations  0  themfelves  could 
pay  the  Money  to  redeem  them  ;  and  when  this  happens,  the 
Lofer  is  never  deje&ed  or  melancholy  at  th .;  Lofs,  but  laughs, 
and  feems  no  lefs  contented  than  if  he  had  won.  They  ne- 
ver differ  at  Gaming,  neither  did  I  ever  fee  a  Diipute,  about 
the  Legality  thereof,  fo  much  as  rife  amongff,  them. 

Their  chiefeft  Game  is  a  fort  of  Arithmetic!?,  which  fs 
managed  by  a  Parcel  of  fmall  fplit  Reeds,  theThicknefs  of 
a  fmall  Bent ;  thefe  are  made  very  nicely,  fo  that  they  part 
and  are  tractable  in  their  Hands.  .They  are  fifty  one  ia 
Number,  their  Length  about  feven  Inches ;  when  they  play, 
they  throw  part  of  them  to  their  Antagonift  •  the  Art  is  to 
difcover,  upon  fight,  how  many  you  have,  and  what  you 
throw  to  him  that  plays  with  you.  Some  are  fo  expert  at 
their  Numbers,  that  they  will  tell  m\  times  together,  what 
they  throw  out  of  their  Hands.  Although  the  whole  Play 
Is  carried  on  with  the  quicker!  Motion  it's  poffible  to  ufe,  yet 
fome  are  fo  expert  at  this  Game,  as  to  win  great  Indian  fi- 
liates by  this  Play.  A  good  Sett  of  thefe  Reeds,  fit  to.play 
withal,  are  valued  and  fold  for  a  drefs'd  Doe-Skin. 

They  have  feverai  other  Plays, and  Games ;  as,  with  the 
Kernels  or  Stones  of  Perflmmons,  which  are  ia  efFe&  the 
fame  as  our  Dice ,  becaufe  Winning  or  Lofing  depend  on 
which  fide  appear  uppermoll,  and  how  they  happen  to  fall 
together. 

Another  Game  is  managed  with  a  Batoon  and  a  Ball,  and 
refembles  our  Trap-ball ;  befides,  feverai  Nations  have  fe- 
verai Games  and  Paftimes,  which  are  not  ufed  by  others. 

Thefe  Savages  live  in  W>gwamsy  or  Cabins  built  of  Bark 
which  are  made  round  like   an  Oven,  to  prevent  any  Da- 
mage by  hard  Gales  of  Wind.    They  make  the  Fire  in  the 
piddle  of  the  Koufe,  and  haye  a  Hole  at  the  Top  of  the  Roof 

right 


of  North-Carolina. 


77 


right  above  the  Fire,  to  let  out  the  Smoke.  Thefe  Dwel- 
lings are  as  hot  as  Stoves  ,  .  where  the  Indians  fleep  and 
fweat  all  Night.  The  Floors  thereof  are  never  paved  nor 
fwept,  fo  that  they  have  always  a  loofe  Earth  on  them.  They 
are  often  troubled  with  a  multitude  of  Fleas,  efpecially  near  j^ 
the  Places  where  they  drefs  their  Deer-Skins,  becaufe  that 
Hair  harbours  them  •,  yet  I  never  felt  any  ill,  unfavory  Smell 
in  their  Cabins,  whereas,  fhould  we  live  in  our  Houfes,  as 
they  do,  we  fhould  be  poifon'd  with  our  own  Naftinefs  j 
which  confirms  thefe  Indians  to  be,  as  they  really  are3  fome  Indians 
of  the  fweeteft  People  in  the  World.  a  'wset 

The  Bark  they  make  their  Cabins  withal,  is  generally  Cy-P?fl^8' 
prefs,  or  red  or  white  Cedar ;  and  fometimes,  when  they 
area  great  way  from  any  of  thefe  Woods,  they  make  ufe  of 
Pine-Bark,  which  is  the  worfer  fort.    In  building  thefe  Fa- 
bricks,  they  get  very  long  Poles,  of  Pine,  Cedar,  Hiccory, 
or  any  Wood  that  will  bend  ,  thefe  are  theThicknefs  of  the 
Small  of  a  Man's  Leg,  at  the  thickeft  end,  which  they  ge- 
nerally ftrip  of  the  Bark,  and  warm  them  well  in  the  Fire, 
which  makes  them  tough  and  fit  to  bend  \  afterwards,  they 
flick  the  thickeft  ends  of  them  in  the  Ground,  about  two 
Yards  afunder,  in  a  Circular  Form,  the  diftance  theydefign 
the  Cabin  to  be,  (which  is  not  always  round,  but  fometimes  Making 
oval)  then  they  bend  the  Tops  and  bring  them  together, Cabins. 
and  bind  their  ends  with  Bark  of  Trees,  that  is  proper  for 
that  ufe,  as  Elm  is,  or  fometimes  the  Mbfs  that  grows  on  the 
Trees,   and  is  a  Yard  or  two  long,  and  never  rots;  then  Black  Mefi. 
they  brace  them  with  other  Poles,  to  make  them  ftrong  ^Indians 
afterwards,  cover  them  all  over  with  Bark,  fo  that  they  are Store: 
very  warm  and  tight,  and  will  keep  firm  agamftall  the  Wea-^0^* 
thers  that  blow.     They  have  other  forts  of  Cabins  without 
Windows,  which  are  for  their  Granaries,  Skins,  and  Mer-  ' 
chandizes ;  and  others  thai:  are  cover'd  over  head  -,  the  reft 
left  open  for  the  Air-    Thefe  have  Reed-Hurdles,  like  Ta- Indians- 
bles,  to  lie  and  fit  on,  in  Summer,  and  ferve  for  pleafant&*»g[««- 
Banqueting-Houfes  in  the  hot  Seafon  of  the  Year.    The  Ca-  in£  ' 
bins  they  dwell  in  have  Benches  all  round,  except  where  the^0"/"4 
Doorftands-,  on  thefe  they  lay  Beafts-Skins,  and  Mats  made 
of  Rufhes,  whereon  they  fleep  and  loll.    In  one  of  thefe,  fe- 
veral  Families  commonly  live3  though  all  related  to  one  ano- 
ther. 


I 


'178" 


An  Account  of  the  Indians 


Indian 
looi. 


m 


As  to  the  Indians  Food,  It  is  of  feveral  forts,  which  are  as 
follows, 

Venifon,  and  Fawns  in  the  Bags,  cut  out  of  the  Doe's 
Belly  ;  Fifh  of  all  forts,  the  Lamprey-Eel  excepted,  a i-id  the 
Sturgeon  cur,  Salt-Water  Indians  will  not  touch ;  .Bear  and 
Bever;  Panther;  Pole-cat;  Wild-cat*  Poffuin  ;  Raccoon  •* 
Hares,  and  Squirrels,  roalted  with  their  Guts  in;  Snakes' 
all  Indians  will  not  eat  them,  thoJ  fome  do  ;  All  wild  Fruits 
that  arepaiatable,  fome  of  which  they  dry  and  keep  againft 
Winter,  as  all  fort  of  Fruits,  and  Peaches,  which  they  dry, 
and  make  Quiddonies,  and  Cakes,  that  are  very  pleafant* 
and  a  little  tartifh  ;  young  Wafps,  when  they  are  white  in 
the  Combs,  before  they  can  fly,  this  is  efteemed  a  Dainty  • 
All  forts  of  Tortoisand  Terebins;  Shell-Filh,  and  Stingray' 
or  Scate,  dry'd;  Gourds;  Melons;  Cucumbers;  Squares' 
Ptflfe  /of  all  forts ;  Roctwhctn'me  Meal,  which  is  their  Maiz 
parch'dand  pounded  into. Powder ;  Fowl  of  all  forts,that  are 
eatable  ;  Ground-Nuts,  or  wild  Potato's  ;  Acorns  and  Acorn 
Oil;  Wild-Bulls,  Beef,  Mutton,  Pork,  &c.  from  the  Ewlijh; 
Indian  Corn,  or  Maiz,  made  into  feveral  forts  of  Bread  ^fiars 
of  Corn  roalted  in  the  Summer,  or  preferv'd  againft  Winter. 
The  Victuals  is  common,  throughout  the  whole  Kindred' 
Relations,  and  often  to  the  whole  Town  5  efpecially  when 
they  are  in  Hunting-Quarters ,  then  they  all  fare  alike 
whichsoever  of  them  kills  the  Game.  They  are  very  kind' 
and  charitable  to  one  another,  but  more  efpecially  to  thole 
of  their  own  Nation ;  for  if  any  one  of  them  has  fuffer'd 
any  Lofs,  by  Fire  or  otherwife,  thejTOrder  the  griev'd  Per- 
fon  to  makeaFeaft,  and  invite  them  al]  thereto,  which,  on 
the  day  appointed,  they  come  to,  and  after  every  Man's 
Mefs  of  Vicf  uals  is  dealt  to  him,  one  of  their  Speakers  or 
grave  old  Men,  makes  an  Harangue,  and  acquaints  the  Com- 
pany, That  that  Man's  Houfe  has  been  burnt,  where- 
Indians  in  all  his  Goods  were  deltroy'd ;  That  he,  and  his  Family, 
difcem  not  very  narrowly  efcaped  ;That  he  is  every  Man's  Friend  in  that 
between    Company;  and,  That  it  is  all  their  Duties  to  help  him,  as 

km  men  he  woulddo  t0  anJr  of  them>  had  the  like  Misfortune -befallen 

'them.    After  this  Oration  is  over,  every  Man,  according  to 

his  Quality,  throws  him  down  upon  the  Ground  fome  Pre^ 

fent,  which  is  commonly  Beads,  Ronoak,  Peak,  Skins  or  Furs 

and  which  very  often  amounts  to  treble  the  Lofs  he  has  fuf'- 

fer'd. 


Feafli  of 
Chin 


of  North-Carolina. 


179 


fer'd.    The  fame  Affiftance  they  give  to  any  Man  that  wants 
to  build  a  Cabin,  or  make  a  Canoe.  They  fay,  it  is  our  Duty 
thus  to  do  \  for  there  are  feveral  Works  that  one  Man  cannot 
effed,  therefore  we  mult  give  him  our  Help,  otherwife  our 
Society  will  fall,  and  we  mall  be  depriv'd  of  thofe  urgent  Ne- 
ceffities  which  Life  requires.    They  have  no  Fence  to  partindians 
-one  anothers  Lots  in  their  Corn-Fields  •,  but  every  Man  knows  no  Fences. 
his  own,  and  it  Icarce  ever  happens,  that  they  rob  one  ano- 
ther of  fo  much  as  an  Ear  of  Corn,  which  if  any  is  found  to 
do,  he  is  fentenced  by  the  Elders  to  work, and  plant  for  him 
that  was  robb'd,  till  he  is  recompenfed  for  all  the  Damage 
he  has  fuffer'd  in  his  Corn-Field  •,  and  this  is  punctually  per- 
form'd,  and  the  Thief  held  in  Difgrace,  that  Iteals  from  any 
of  his  Country-Folks.     It  often  happens,  that  a  Woman  is 
deftituteof  her  Husband,  and  has  a  great  many  Children  to  Indians 
maintain  \   fuch  a  Perfon  they  always  help,  and  make  their  chmtyto 
young  men  plant,  reap,  and  do  every  thing  that  ihe  is  i\otWl<ims' 
capable  of  doing  herfelf -,   yet  they  do  not  allow  any   one 
to  be  idle,  but  to  employ  themfelves  in  fome  Work  or  other. 

They  never  fight  with  one  another,  unlefs  drunk,  nor  do  Indian 
you  ever  hear  any  Scolding  amongft  them.     They  fay,  the^omenm 
"Europeans  are  always  rangling  and  uneafy,  and  wonder  they  ScMs- 
do  not  go  out  of  this  World,  fince  .they,  are  fo  uneafy  and 
difcontented  in  it.     AH  their  Misfortunes  and  Lofies  end  in 
Laughter-,  for  if  their  Cabins  take  Fire,  and  all  their  Goods 
are  burnt  therein,  findeed,  all  will  fh"ive  to  prevent  farther 
Damage,  whilft  there  is  any  PolTibihty)  yet  fuch  a  Misfor- 
tune ends  in  a  hearty  Fitt  of  Laughter,  unlefs  fome  of  their 
Kinsfolks  and  Friends  have  loft  their  Lives  \  but  then  the 
Cafe  is  alter'd,  and  they  become  very  penfive,  and  go  into 
deep  Mourning,  which  is  continued  for  a  eonfiderable  Time  } 
fometimes  longer,  or  fhorter,  according  to  the  Dignity  of 
the  Perfon,  and  the  Number  of  Relations  he  had  near  him. 

The  Burial  of  their  Dead  is  perform'd  with  a  great  deal 
of  Ceremony,  in  which  one  Nation  differs,  in  fome  few  Cir- 
cumstances, from  another,  yet  not  fo  much  but  we  may,  by 
a  general  Relation,  pretty  nearly  account  for  them  all. 

When  an  Indian  is  dead,  the  greater  Perfon  he  was,  theindian- 
more  expenfive  is  hisFuneral.    The  firlt  thing  which  is  done>Burixi  of". 
is,  to  place  the  neareit  Relations  near  the  Corps,  who  mourn Ui'lrI)^" 
and  weep  very  much,  having  their  Hair  hanging  down  their 

Shoulders;. 


Mil 


M 


150 


Indian 
Fmieral 
Sermon. 


An  Account  of  the  Indians 

Shoulders,  in  a  very  forlorn  manner.  After  the  dead  Per- 
.fon  has  Jain  a  Day  and  a  Night,  in  one  of  their  Hurdles  of 
Canes,  commonly  infome  Out-Houfe  made  for  that  puroofe 
thofe  that  officiate  about  the  Funeral,  go  into  the  Town1  and 
the  firit  young  Men  they  meetwithal,  that  have  Blankets  or 
Match  Coats  on,  whom  they  think  fit  for ■  their  Turn*-  they 
,ftrip  them  from  their  Backs,  who  fuffer  them  fo  to  do,  'with- 
out any  Refinance.  In  thefe  they  wrap  the  dead  Bodies,  and 
cover  them  with  two  or  three  Mats,  which  the  Indians  make 
of  Ruihes  or  Cane  -?  and  laft  of  all,  they  have  a  long  Web 
of  woven  Reeds,  or  hollow  Canes,  which -is  the  Coffin  of 
the  Indians,  and  is  brought  round  feveral  times ,  and  tied 
faft  at  both  ends,  which  indeed,  looks  very  decent  and 
well.  Then  the  Corps  is  brought  out  of  the  Houfe,  into 
the  Orchard  of  Peach-Trees*  where  another  Hurdle  is  made 
to  receive  it,  about  which  comes  all  the  Relations  and  Na- 
tipn  that  the  dead  Perfon  belong'd  to,  belides  feveral  from 
other  Nations  in  Alliance  with  them  *  all  which  fit  down  on 
the  Ground,  upon  Mats  fpread  there,  for  that  purpofe; 
where  the  Do&or  or  Conjurer  appears  *  and ,  after  fome 
time,  makes  a  Sort  of  0-yesy  at  which  all  are  very  iilent- 
then  he  begins  to  give  an  Account,  who  the  dead  Perforl 
was,  and  how  ftout  a  Man  heapprov'd  himfelf*  how  many 
Enemies  and  Captives  he  had  kill'd  and  taken*  how  ftrong 
tall,  and  nimble  he  was  *  that  he  was  a  great  Hunter,  a  Lover 
of  his  Country,  and  poflefs'd  of  a  great  many  beautiful  Wives 
and  Children,  efteem'd  the  greateft  of  Bleffings  among  thefe 
Savages,  in  which  they  have  a  true  Notion.  Thus  this  Ora- 
tor runs  on,  highly  extolling  the  dead  Man,  for  his  Valour 
Conduct,  Strength ,  Riches,  and  Good-Humour-  and  enu- 
merating his  Guns,  Slaves  and  almoft  every  thing  he  was  pof- 
fefs'd  of,  when  living.  After  which,  he  addrefles  himfelf  to 
the  People  of  that  Town  or  Nation,  and  bids  them  fupply 
the  dead  Man's  Place,  by  following  his  fteps,  who,  he  aflures 
them,  is  gone  into  the  Country  of  Seuls,  (which  they 
think  lies  a  great  way  off,  in  this  World,  which  the  Sun  vi- 
fits,  in  his  ordinary  Courfe)  and  that  he  will  have  the  Enjoy- 
ment of  handfome  young  Women,  great  Store  of  Deer  to 
hunt,  never  meet  with  Hunger,  Cold  or  Fatigue,  but  every 
•thing  to  anfwer  his  Expectation  and  Defire.  This  is  the 
Heaven  they  propofe  to  themftlves  *  but,  on  the  contrary, 

for 


of  North-Carolina. 


181 


for  thofe  Indians  that  are  lazy,  thievifh  amongft  themfelves, 
bad  Hunters,  and  no  Warriours,  nor  of  much  Ufe  to  the  Na- 
tion, to  fuch  they  allot,  in  the  next  World,  Hunger,  Cold, 
Troubles ,  old  ugly  Women  for  their  Companions,  with 
Snakes,  and  all  forts  of  nafty  Viduals  to  feed  on.  Thus  is 
mark'd  out  their  Heaven  and  Hell.  After  all  this  Harangue, 
he  diverts  the  People  with  fome  of  their  Traditions,  as  when 
there  was  a  violent  hot  Summer,  or  very  hard  Winter  -,  when 
any  notable  Diftempers  rag'd  amongft  them  •,  when  they 
were  at  War  with  fuch  and  fuch  Nations ;  how  victorious  Indian 
they  were;  and  what  were  the  Names  of  their  War-Cap- rraditions. 
tains.  To  prove  the  times  more  exaftly,  he  produces  the 
Records  of  the  Country,  which  are  a  Parcel  of  Reeds,  of 
different  Lengths ,  with  feveral  diftindt  Marks,  known  to 
none  but  themfelves ;  by  which  they  feem  to  guefs,  very  ex- 
actly, at  Accidents  that  happen'd  many  Years  ago ;  nay  two 
or  three  Ages  or  more.  The  Reafon  I  have  to  believe  what 
they  tell  me,  on  this  Account,  is,  becaufe  I  have  been  at  the 
Meetings  of  feveral  Indian  Nations ;  and  they  agreed,  in  re- 
lating the  fame  Circumftances,  as  to  Time,  very  exactly  •,  as, 
for  Example,  they  fay,  there  was  fo  hard  a  Winter  in  Caro- 
lina,  105  years  ago,  that  the  great  Sound  was  frozen  over, 
and  the  Wild  Geefe  came  into  the  Woods  to  eat  Acorns,  and  Abvl 
that  they  were  fo  tame,  (I  fuppdfe,  through  Want)  that  they  WmtT' 
kill'd  abundance  in  the  Woods,  by  knocking  them  on  the 
Head  with  Sticks. 

But,  to  return  to  the  dead  Man.    When  this  long  Tale  is 
ended,  by  him  that  fpoke  firft ;   perhaps,  a  fecond  begins 
another  long  Story  5  fo  a  third,  and  fourth,  if  there  be  fo 
many  Dodlors  prefent  \  which  all  tell  one  and  the  fame  thing. 
At  laft,  the  Corps  is  brought  away  from  that  Hurdle  to  the 
Grave,  by  four  young  Men,  attended  by  the  Relations,  the 
King,  old  Men,  and  all  the  Nation.    When  they  come  to 
the  Sepulcre,  which  is  about  fix  Foot  deep,  and  eight  Foot 
long,  having  at  each  end  (that  is,  at  the  Head  and  Foot)  a 
Light-Wood,   or  Fitch-Pine  Fork  driven  clofe  down  the 
fides  of  the  Grave,   firmly  into  the  Ground  \  (thefe  two imement 
Forks  are  to  contain  a  Ridge-Pole,  as  you  mail  underftand  in  the 
prefently)  before  they  lay  the  Corps  into  the  Grave,  they<?r*™?. 
cover  the  bottom  two  or  three  times  over  with  Bark  of  Trees, 
then  they  letdowa  the  Corps  (with  two  Belts,  that  the /a- 

B  b  dims 


i'8a 


An  Account  of  the  Indians 


diam  carry  their  Burdens  withal)  very  leifurely ,  upon  the 
faid  Barks  ;  then  they  lay  over  a  Pole  of  the  fame  Wood,  in 
the  two  Forks,  and  having  a  great  many  Pieces  of  Pitch-Pine 
Logs,  about  two  Foot  and  a  half  long,  they  ftick  them  in  the 
fides  of  the  Grave  down  each  End,  and  near  the  Top  thereof, 
where  the  other  Ends  lie  on  the  Ridge- Pole,  fo  that  they  are 
declining  like  the  Roof  of  a  Houfe.  Thefe  being  very  thick- 
plac'd, -they  cover  them  (  many  times  double)  with  Bark; 
then  they  throw  the  Earth  thereon,  that  came  out  of  the 
Grave,  and  beat  it  down  very  firm;  by  this  Means ,  the 
dead  Body  lies  in  a  Vault,  nothing  touching  him;  fo  that 
when  1  faw  this  way  of  Burial,  I  was  mightily  pleas'd  with  it, 
efteeming  it  very  decent  and  pretty,  as  having  {sen.  a  great 
many  Chriflians  buried  without  the  tenth  Part  of  that  Cere-r 
.mony  and  Decency.  Now,  when  the  Flelh  is  rotted  and 
moulder'd  from  the  Bone ,  they  take  up  the  Carcafs,  and 
clean  the  Bones,  and  joint  them  together;  afterwards,  they 
.  drefs  them  up  in  pure  white  drefs'd  Deer-Skins,  and  lay  them 
'^ttoh.  amongft  their  Grandees  and  Kings  in  the  Quiogoz.on,  which 
"  is  their  Royal  Tomb  or  Burial-Place  of  their  Kings  and  War- 
Captains.  This  is  a  very  large  magnificent  Cabin,  (according 
to  their  Building)  which  is  rais'd  at  the  Publick  Charge  of  the 
Nation,  and  maintained  in  a  great  deal  of  Form  and  Neat* 
nefs.  About  feven  foot  high,  is  a  Floor  or  Loft  made,'  on 
which  lie  all  their  Princes,  and  Great  Men,  that  have  died 
for  feveral  hundred  Years,  all  attir'd  iii  the  Drefs  I  before 
told  you  of.  No  Perfon  is  to  have  his  Bones  lie  here,  and  to 
be  thus  drefs'd,  unlefshe  gives  a  round  Sum  of  their  Money  to 
the  Rulers,  for  Admittance.  If  they  remove  never  fo  far,  to 
live  in  a  Foreign  Country,  they  never  fail  to  take  all  thefe 
dead  Bones  along  with  them ,  though  the  Tedioufnefs  of 
their  fhort  daily  Marches  keeps, them  never  fo  long  on  their 
Journey.  They  reverence  and  adore  this  Quiogoz.on^  with  all 
the  Veneration  and  Refped  that  is  poffible  for  fuch  a  People 
to  difcharge,  and  had  rather  lofe  all,  than  have  any  Violence 
or  Injury  offerd  thereto.  Thefe  Savages  differ  fome  fmall 
matter  in  their  Burials;  fome  burying  right  upwards,  and 
otherwife,  as  you  are  acquainted  withal  in  my  Journal  from 
M  tnm  S°utri  to  North  Carolina ;  Yet  they  all  agree  in  their  Mourn- 
:orihl  ing>  which  is,  to  appear  every  Night,  at  theSepulcre,  and 
howl  and  weep  in  a  very  difmal  manner,  having  their  Faces 

dawb'd: 


2on 


Idols  at 
the  Bids. 


'.Dead. 


of  North'Carolina. 


dawb'd  over  with  Light-wood  Soot,  (which  is  the  fame  as 
Lamp-black)  and  Bears  Oil.  This  renders  them  as  black  as 
it  is  poflible  to  make  themfelves,  fo  that  theirs  very  much 
refemble  the  Faces  of  Executed  Men  boil'd  in.  Tar.  If  the 
dead  Perfon  was  a  Grandee,  to  carry  on  the  Funeral  Cere- 
monies, they  hire  People  to  cry  and  lament  over  the  dead 
Man.  Of  this  fort  there  are  feveral,  that  pra&ife  it  for  a 
Livelihood,  and  are  very  expert  at  Shedding  abundance  of 
Tears,  and  howling  like  Wolves,  and  fo  difcharging  their  Indians 
Office  with  abundance  of  Hypocrify  and  Art.  The  Women  hirei  w 
are  never  accompanied  with  thefe  Ceremonies  after  Death  •,  murv° 
and  to  what  World  they  allot  that  Sex,  I  never  underftood, 
unlefs,  to  wait  on  their  dead  Husbands ;  but  they  have  more 
Wit,  than  fome  of  the  Eaftern  Nations,  who  facrifice  them- 
felves to  accompany  their  Husbands  into  the  next  World. 
It  is  the  dead  Man's  Relations,  by  Blood,  as  his  Uncles,  Bro- 
thers, Sifters,  Couflns,  Sons,  and  Daughters,  that  mourn  in 
good  earneft,  the  Wives  thinking  their  Duty  js  difcharg'd, 
and  that  they  are  become  free,  when  their  Husband  is  dead  ; 
fo,  as  faft  as  they  can,  look  out  for  another,  to  fupply  his 
Place. 

As  for  the  Indian  Women,  which  now  happen  in  my  Way ; 
when  young,  and  at  Maturity,  they  are  as  fine-fhap'd  Crea- 
tures (take  them  generally)  as  any  in  the  Univerfe.  They  are 
of  a  tawny  Complexion  •,  their  Eyes  very  brisk  and  amorous  5  ^dian 
their  Smiles  afford  the  fineft,  Compofure  a  Face  can  poffefs  ;  hm&fomc. 
their  Hands  are  of  the  finefl  Make,  with  fmall  long  Fingers, 
and  as  foft  as  their  Cheeks  5  and  their  whole  Bodies  of  a 
fmooth  Nature.     They  are  not  fo  uncouth  or  unlikely,  as 
we  fuppofe  them  5  nor  are  they  Strangers  or  not  Proficients 
in  the  foft  Paffion.    They  are  moft  of  them  mercenary,  ex- 
cept the  married  Women,  who  fometimes  beftow  their  Fa- 
vours alfo  to  fome  or  other,   in  their  Husbands  Abfence. 
For  which  they  never  ask  any  Reward.     As  for  the  Report, 
that  they  are  never  found  unconftant,  like  the  Europeans,  it  i^MmM 
wholly  falfe ;  for  were  the  old  World  and  the  new  one  put  into  Women  tm» 
a  Pair  of  Scales  fin  point  of  Conftancy)  it  would  be  a  hard«>«faw*« 
Matter  to  difcern  which  was  the  heavier.    A;  for  the  Trading  ^l"S 
Girls,    which  are  thofe  defign'd  to  get  Money  by  their      ^ 
Natural  Parts,  thefe  are  difcernable,  by  the  Cut  of  their 
Hair  j  their  Tonfure  differing  from  all  others,  of  that  Nati- 
"."•'-     B  b  2  on, 


84- 


An  Account  of  the  Indians 


Indian 
Traders 


Indian^ 

Wives, 


on,  who  are  not  of  their  Profeflion  }  which  Method  is  in- 
tended to  prevent  Miftakes  ^  for  the  Savages  of  America  are 
defirous  (if  poflible)  to  keep  their  Wives  to  themfelves,  as 
well  as  thofe  in  other  Parts  of  the  World.  When  any  Ad- 
dreiTes  are  made  to  one  of  thefe  Girls,  ihe  immediately  ac- 
quaints her  Parents  therewith,  and  they  tell  the  King  of  it, 
(provided  he  that  courts  her  be  a  Stranger)  his  Majefty  com- 
monly being  the  principal  Bawd  of  the  Nation  he  rules  over, 
and  there  feldom  being  any  of  thefe  Winchefter- Weddings  a- 
greed  on,  without  his  Royal  Confent.  He  likewife  advifes 
her  what  Bargain  to  make,  and  if  it  happens  to  be  an  Indian 
Trader  that  wants  a  Bed-fellow,  and  has  got  Rum  to  fell,  be 
fure,  the  King  mull:  have  a  large  Dram  for  a  Fee,  to  con- 
firm the  Match.  Thefe  Indians,  that  are  of  the  elder  fort, 
when  any  fuch  Queftion  is  put  to  them,  will  debate  the  Mat- 
ter amongft  themfelves  with  all  the  Sobriety  and  Serioufnefs 
imaginable,  every  one  of  the  Girl's  Relations  arguing  the 
Advantage  or  Detriment  that  may  enfue  fuch  a  Night's  En- 
counter -7  all  which  is  done  with  as  much  Steadinefs  and  Rea- 
lity, as  if  it  was  the  greateft  Concern  in  the  World,,  and  no* 
fo  much  as  one  Perfon  ihall  be  feen  to  fmile,  fo  long  as  the 
Debate  holds,  making  no  Difference  betwixt  an  Agreement 
of  this  Nature,  and  a  Bargain  of  any  other.  If  they  com- 
ply with  the  Men's  Defire,  then  a  particular  Bed  is  provided 
for  them,  either  in  a  Cabin  by  themfelves,  or  elfe  all  the 
young  people  turn  out,  to  another  Lodging,  that  they  may 
not  fpoil  Sport ;  and  if  the  old  People  are  in  the  fame  Cabin 
along  with  them  all  Night,  they  lie  as  unconcern'd,  as  if 
they  were  fo  many  Logs  of  Wood.  If  it  be  an  Indian  of 
their  own  Town  or  Neighbourhood,  that  wants  a  Miftrefs, 
he  comes  to  none  but  the  Girl,  who  receives  what  Ihe  thinks 
fit  to  ask  him,  and  fo  lies  all  Night  with  him,  without  the 
Confent  of  her  Parents. 

The  Indian  Traders  are  thofe  which  travel  and  abide  a- 
mongft  the  Indians  for  a  long  fpace  of  time ;  fometimes  for  a 
Year,  two,  or  three.  Thefe  Men  have  commonly  their  In* 
dian  Wives,  whereby  they  foon  learn  the  Indian  Tongue,  keep 
a  Friendfhip  with  the  Savages^  and,  befides:  the  Satisfadioii 
of  a  She-Bed-Fellow,  they  find  thefe  Indian  Girls  very  fer- 
vieeable  to  them,  on  Account  of  dreffing  their  Visuals,  and 
intruding  'em  in  the  Affairs  and  Cuftoms  of  the  Country- 
More- 


of  North-Carolina. 


Moreover,  fuch  a  Man  gets  a  great  Trade  with  the  Savages  ; 
for  when  a  Perfbn  that  lives  amongft  them,  is  referv'd  from 
the  Converfation  of  their  Women,  'tis  impoflible  for  him 
ever  to  accomplifh  his  Defigns  amongft  that  People. 

But  one  great  Misfortune  which  oftentimes  attends  thole 
that  converfe  with  thefe  Savage  Women,  is,  that  they  get 
Children  by  them,  which  are  feldom  educated  any  otherwife 
than  in  a  State  of  Infidelity  ;  for  it  is  a  certain  Rule  and  Cu- 
ftom,  amongft  all  the  Savages  of  America,  that  I  was  ever 
acquainted  withal,  to  let  the  Children  always  fall  to  the  Wo- 
man's Lot-,  for  it  often  happens,  that  two  Indians  that  have  children  - 
liv'd  together,  as  Man  and  Wife,  in  which  Time  they  have^0  w;th 
had  feveral  Children  ;  if  they  part,  and  another  Man  poffef-  the  Wo~ 
fes  her,  all  the  Children  go  along  with  the  Mother,  and  none  men. 
with  the  Father.  And  therefore,  on  this  Score,  it  ever  feems 
impoflible  for  the  Chriftians  to  get  their  Children  (which  they 
have  by  thefe  Indian  Women)  away  from  them  \  whereby 
they  might  bring  them  up  in  the  Knowledge  of  the  Chri- 
ftian  Principles.  Neverthelefs,  we  often  find,  that  Englijk 
Men,  and  other  Europeans  that  have  been  accuftom'd  to  the 
Converfation  of  thefe  favage  Women,  and  their  Way  of 
Living,  have  been  foallur'd  with  that  earelefs  fort  of  Life, 
as  to  be  conftant  to  their  Indian  Wife,  and  her  Relations,  fo 
long  as  they  liv'd,  without  ever  defiring  to  return  again  a- 
mongft  the  EngUJh,  although  they  had  very  fair  Opportuni- 
ties of  Advantages  amongft  their  Countrymen ;  of  which  fort 
I  have  known  feveral. 

As  for  the  Indian  Marriages,  I  have  read  and  heard  of  a 
great  deal  of  Form  and  Ceremony  ufed,  which  I  never  faw, 
nor  yet  could  learn  in  the  Time  I  have  been  amongft  them,  a- 
ny  otherwife  than  I  fhall  here  give  you  an  Account  of  y  which 
is  as  follows.. 

When  any  young  Indian  has  a  Mind  for  fuch  a  Girl' to  his 
Wife,  he,  or  fome  one  for  him*  goes  to  the  young  Woman's 
Parents  ,  if  living*,  if  not,  to  her  neareft  Relations  •,  where 
they;  make  Offers  of  the  Match  betwixt  the  Couple.  The 
Relations  reply,  they  willconfider  of  it,  which  ferves  for  a 
fufficient  Anfwer,  till  there  be  a  fecond  Meeting  about  the 
Marriage,  which  is  generally  brought  into  Debate  before  all 
the  Relations  (that  are  old  People)  on  both  Sides  •,  and  fome-  Jjdiari 
times  the  King,  with  all  his  great  Men,  give  their  Opinions  Mmw&*>- 

there- 


Indians 
buy  their 
Wives. 


Indian 
Men  not 
vigorous. 


An  Account  of  the  Indians 

therein.  If  it  be  agreed  on,  and  the  young  Woman  approve 
thereof,  (  for  thefe  Savages  never  give  their  Children  in. 
Marriage,  without  their  own  Gonfent)  the  Man  pays  fo 
much  for  his  Wife  \  and  the  handfomer  (he  is,  the  greater 
Price  me  bears.  Now,  it  often  happens,  that  the  Man  has 
not  fo  much  of  their  Money  ready,  as  he  is  to  pay  for  his 
Wife  *,  but  if  they  know  him  to  be  a  good  Hunter,  and  that 
he  can  raife  the  Sum  agreed  for,  in  fome  few  Moons,  or  any 
little  time,  they  agree,*  fhe  fhall  go  along  with  him,  as  be- 
troth'd,  but  he  is  not  to  have  any  Knowledge  of  her,  till 
the  utmoft  Payment  is  difcharg'd}  all  which  is  punctually 
obferv'd.  Thus,  they  lie  together  under  one  Covering  for 
feveral  Months,  and  the  Woman  remains  the  fame  as  Ihe  was 
when  fhefirftcame  to  him.  I  doubt,  our  Europeans  would  be 
apt  to  break  this  Cuftom,  but  the  Indian  Men  are  not  fo  vi- 
gorous and  impatient  in  their  Love  as  we  are.  Yet  the  Wo- 
men are  quite  contrary,  and  thofe  Indian  Girls  that  have  con- 
vers'd  *  with  the  EngUJhand  other  Europeans,  never  care  for 
the  Converfation  of  their  own  Countrymen  afterwards. 

They  never  marry  fo  near  as  a  firft  Coufin  ;  and  although 
there  is  nothing  more  coveted  amongft  them,  than  to  marry 
a  Woman  of  their  own  Nation,  yet  when  the  Nation  confifts 
of  a  very  few  People  (as  now  adays  it  often  happens)  fo 
-that  they  are  all  of  them  related  to  one  another,  then  they 
look  out  for  Husbands  and  Wives  amongft  Strangers.  For 
if  an  Indian  lies  with  his  Sifter,  or  any  very  near  Relation,  his 
Body  is  burnt,  and  his  Ames  thrown  into  the  River,  as  un- 
worthy to  remain  on  Earth  •,  yet  an  Indian  is  allow'd  to 
marry  two  Sifters,  or  his  Brothers  Wife.  Although  thefe 
People  are  calPd  Savages,  yet  Sodomy  is  never  heard  of  a- 
mongftthem,  and  they  are- fo  far  from  the  Practice  of  that 
beaftly  and  loathfome  Sin,  that  they  have  no  Name  for  it  in 
all  their  Language. 

The  Marriages  of  thefe  Indians  are  no  farther  binding,  than 
the  Man  and  Woman'  agree  together.  Either  of  them  has 
Liberty  to  leave  the  other,  upon  any  frivolous  Excufe  they 
can  make*,  yet  whofoever  takes  the  Woman  that  was  ano- 
ther Man's  before,  and  bought  by  Mm,  as  they  all  are,  muft 
certainly  pay  to  her  former  Husband,  whatfoever  he  gave  for 
her.  Nay,  if  fhe  be  a  Widow,  and  her  Husband  died  in  Debt, 
whofoever  takes  her  to  Wife,  pays  all  her  Husband's  Obliga- 
tions. 


■  nfTiT  ■'    -       -i      ii 


of  North-Carolina.' 


187 


tions,  though  never  fo  many ;  yet  the  Woman  is  not  required 
to  pay  any  thing  (unlefs  me  is  willing)  that  was  owing  from 
her  Husband,  fo  long  as  {he  keeps  Single.  But  if  a  Man  courts 
her  for  a  Nights  Lodging,  and  obtains  it,  the  Creditors  will 
•make  him  pay  her  Husband's  Debts,  and  he  may,  if  hewillv 
take  her  for  his  Money,  or  fell  her  to  another  for  his  Wife. 
I  havefeen  feveral  of  thefe  Bargains  driven  in  a  day,  for  you 
may  fee  Men  felling  their  Wives  as  Men  do  Horfes  in  a  Fair,^-    . 
a  Man  being  allow'd  not  only  to  change  as  often  as  he  pleafes,  ^vgjt 
but  likewife  to  have  as  many  Wives  as  he  is  able  to  maintain. 
I  have  oftenfeen,  that  very  old  Jndlkn  Men  (that  have  been  Indian 
Grandees  in  their  own  Nation^  have  had  three  or  foutr  very  'MnJ  Wi* 
likely  young  Indian  Wives,  which  I  have  much  wondered  at,w* 
becaufe  to  me  they  feern  d  incapacitated  to  make  good  Ufe  of 
one  of  them. 

The  young  Men  will  go  in  the  Night  from  one  Houfe  to 
another,  to  vifltthe  young  Women,  in  which  fort  of  Ram- 
bles they  will  fpend  the  whole  Night.  In  their  AddrefTes  N;ght 
they  find  no  "Delays,  for  if  fhe  is  willing  to  entertain  the Hambks>~ 
Man,  ihe  gives  him  Encouragement  and  grants  him  Admit- 
tance \  otherwife  Ihe  withdraws  her  Face  from  him,  and 
fays,  I  cannot  fee  you,  either  you  or  I  muft  leave  this  Cabin^ 
and  deep  fomewhere  elfe  this  Night. 

They  are  never  to  boaft  of  their  Intrigues  with  the  Wo- 
men. If  they  do,  none  of  the  Girls  value  them  everaften, 
or  admit  of  their  Company  in  their  Beds.  This  proceeds 
not  on  the  fcore  of  Reputation,  for  there  is  no  fuch  thing 
(on  that  account;  known  amongft  them ;  and  although  we 
may  reckon  them  the  greateft  Libertines  and  moft  extrava- 
gant in  their  Embraces,  yet  they  retain  and  poflefs  a  Mo~ 
defty  that  requires  thofe  Paflions  never  to  be  divulged. 

The  Trading  Girls,  after  they  have  led  that  Courfe  of 
Life,  for  feveral  Years,  in  which  time  they  fcarce  ever  have 
a  Child-,  (for  they  have  an  Art  to  deftroy  the  Conception, 
and  fhe  thatbrings  a  Child  in  this  Station,is  accounted  a  Fool, 
and  her  Reputation  is  lefTen'd  thereby)at  laft  they  grow  weary 
of  fo  many,  and  betake  themfelves  to  a  married  State,  or  to#"% 
the  Company  of  one  Man  -?  neither  does  their  having  beea.Girh 
common  to  fo  many  any  wife  lefTen  their  Fortunes,  butl rather  JX^ 

augment  tli^m  '  ,BiJ* 


I 


augment  them, 


The 


i8g 


An  Account  of  the  Indians 


Womatm     The  Woman  is  not  punifli'd  for  Adultery,  but  'tis  the  Man 


purijh'd 
for  Adul 
terj* 


Niver 


that  makes  the  injur'd  Perfon  Satisfaction,  which  is  the  Law 
of  Marions  pradis'd  amongft  them  all ;  and  he  that  ftrives 
to  evade  fuch  Satisfaction  as  the  Husband  demands  lives 
daily  in  Danger  of  his  Life;  yet  when  difcharg'd,  all  Ani- 
mofity  islaidafide,and  the  Cuckold  is  very  well  pleafed  with 
liis  Bargain ,  whilft  the  Rival  is  laugh'd  at  by  the  whole 
Nation,  for  carrying  on  his  Intrigue  with  no  better  Condud, 
than  to  be  difcover'd  and  pay  fo  dear  for  his  Pieafure. 

The  Indians  fay,  that  the  Woman  is  a  weak  Creature  and 
eafily  drawn  away  by  the  Man's  Perfuafioni  for  which  Rea- 
fon,  they  lay  no  Blame  upon  her,  but  the  Man  (that  ought 
to  be  Matter  of  his  Paflion)  for  perfuading  her  to  it. 
They  are  of  a  very  hale  Conftitution;  their  Breaths  are  as 
zevff-wii.fweetasthe  Air  they  breathe  in,  and  the  Woman  feems  to 
be  of  that  tender  Compofition,  as  if  they  were  delign'd  rather 
for  the  Bed  then  Bondage.  Yet  their  Love  is  never  of  that 
Force  and  Continuance,  that  any  of  them  ever  runs  Mad  or 
makes  away  with  themfelves  on  that  fcore.  They  never  love 
beyond  Retrieving  their  firft  IndifFerency,  and  when  flighted 
.are  as  ready  to  untie  the  Knot  at  one  end,  as  you  are  at  the 
other. 

Yet  I  knew  an  European  Man  that  had  a  Child  or  two  by 
one  of  thefe  Indian  Women,  and  afterwards  married  a  Chri- 
stian, after  which  he  came  to  pafs  away  a  Night  with  his 
Indian  Miftrefs ;  but  (he  made  Anfwer  that  ftie  then  had  for- 
got fhe  ever  knew  him,  and  that  lhe  never  lay  with  another 
Woman's  Husband,  fo  fell  a  crying,  and  took  up  the  Child 
ftiehadbyhim,  and  went  out  of  the  Cabin  (away  from  him") 
In  great  Difordei*.  f 

Indian  The  Indian  Womens  Work  is  to  cook  the  Vi&uals  for  the 
Zlmhey  whole  Family,  and  to  make  Mats,  Baskets,  Girdles  of  Pof- 
io.  fum-Hair,  and  fuch-hke.    They  never  plant  the  Corn  a- 

Iroquois  mongft  us,  as  they  do  amongft  the  Iroquois,  who  are  always 
greaWafi&t  War  and  Hunting ;  therefore,  the  Plantation  Work  is  left 
noun,     for  the  Women  a nd  Slaves  to  perform,  and  look  after  •  whilft 
they  arewandring  all  over  the  Continent  betwixt  the  two 
Bays  of  Mexico  and  St.  Laurence. 
Mats  haw      The  Mats  the  Indian  Women  make,  are  of  Rufhes  and  a- 
madc.      bout  five  Foot  high,  and  two  Fathom  long,  and  few'd'  double" 
that  is,  two  together ;  whereby  they  become  very  commo- 
dious 


of  North-Carolina. 


■  *-  nt--  ■■-*■■  -"- 


189 


dious  to  lay  under  our  Beds,Nor  to  fleep  on  in  the  Summer 
Seafoii  in  the  Day-time,  and  for  our  Slaves  ia  the  Night. 

There  are  other  Mats  made  of  Flags,  which  the  Tushruro 
Indians  make,  and  fell  to  the  Inhabitants. 

The  Baskets  our  Neighbouring  Indians  make,  are  all  made Bjstetf. 
of  a  very  fine  fort  of  Bulrufhes,  and  fometimes  of  -  Silk-grafS", 
which  they  work  with  Figures  of  Bealts,  Birds,  Fifties,  &c. 

A  great  way  up  in  the  Country,  both  Baskets  and  Mats 
are  made  of  the  fplit  Reeds,  which  are  only  the  outward 
{hining  Part  of  the  Cane.  Of  thefe  I  have  feen  Mats,  Baskets, 
and  Dreffing-Boxes,  very  artificially  done. 

The  Savage  Women  of  America,  have  very  eafy  Travail 
with  their  Children }  fometimes  they,  bring  Twins,  and  are 
brought  to  bed  by  themfelves,  when  took  at  a  Difad vantage ; 
not  but  that  they  have  Midwives  amongfb  them,  as  well  as 
Doctors,  who  make  it  their  Profeifion  (for  Gain)  to  aflift  and 
deliver  Women,  and  fome  of  thefe  Midwives  are  very  know- 
ing in  feveral  Medicines  that  Carolina  affords,  which  certainly 
expedite,  and  make  eafy  Births.  Befides,  they  are  unac- 
quainted with  thofe  fevere  Pains  which  follow  the  Birth  in 
our  European  Women.  Their  Remedies  area  great  Caufeof  .  . 

tliis  Eaiinefs  in  that  State  ;  for  the  Indian  Women  will  run  j  .. 
up  and  down  the  Plantation,  the  fame  day,  very  briskly,  and  y^ves. 
without  any  fign  of  Pain  or  Sicknefs  -,  yet  they  look  very 
meager  and  thin.    Not  but  that  we  mult  allow  a  great  deal 
owing  to  the  Climate,  and  the  natural  Conftitution  of  thefe 
Women,  whofe  Courfe  of  Nature  never  viflts  them  in  fuch  - 
Quantities,  as  the  European  Women  have.    And  tho'  they 
never  want  Plenty  of  Milk,  yet  I  never  faw  an  Indian  Wo- 
man with  very  large  Breafts ;  neither  does  the  youngeft  Wife 
ever  fail  of  proving  fogood  a  Nurfe,  as  to  bring  her  Child 
up  free  from  the  Rackets  and  Difafters  that  proceed  from  the 
Teeth,  with  many  other  Diftempers  which  attack  our  Infants 
in  England,  and  other  Parts  of  Europe.    They  let  their  Chil- 
dren fuck  till  they  are  well  grown,  unlefs  they  prove  big  with 
Child  fooner.    They  always  nurfe  their  own  Children  them-  r  r 
felves,   unlefs  Sicknefs  or  Death  prevents.    I  once  faw  SLrunf 
Nurfe  hired  to  give  Suck  to  an  Indian  Woman's  Child,  whi^h  y^ 
you  have  in  my  Journal.    After  Delivery,  they  abfent  the 
Company  of  a  Man  for  forty  days.    As  foon  as  the  Child  is 
born,  they  wafh  it  ia  cold  Water  at  the  next  Stream,  and 

C  c  then 


An  Account  of  the  Indians 


Indian 

Wsmsns 

Habit, 


then  bedawb  it,  as  I  have  mention'd  before.    After  which, 
the  Husband  takes  care  to  provide  a  Cradle,  which  is  foon 
made,  confifting  of  a  Piece  of  flat  Wood,  which  they  hew 
with  their  Hatchets  to  the  Likenefs  of  a  Board  \  it  is  about 
two  Foot  long,  and  a  Foot  broad  ;  to  this  they  brace  and 
tie  the  Child  down  very  clofe,  having,  near  the  middle,  a 
Stick  faften'd  about  two  Inches  from  the  Board,  which  is  for 
the  Child's  Breech  to  reft  on,  under  which  they  put  a  Wad 
of  Mofs ,   that  receives  the  Child's  Excrements,  by  which 
means  they  can  fhift  the  Mofs,  and  keep  all  clean  and  fweet. 
Some  Nations  have  very  flat  Heads,  as  you  have  heard  in  my 
Journal,  which  is  made  whilft  tied  on  this  Cradle,  as  that 
Relation  informs  you.    Thefe  Cradles  are  apt  to  make  the 
Body  flat  \  yet  they  are  the  molt  portable  things  that  can  be 
invented}  for  there  is  a  String  which  goes  from  one  Corner 
of  the  Board  to  the  other,  whereby  the  Mother  flings  her 
Child  on  her  Back-,  fo  the  Infant's  Back  is  towards  hers,  and 
its  Face  looks  up  towards  the  Sky.    If  it  rains,  fhe  throws 
her  Leather  or  Woollen  Match-coat,  over  her  Head,  which' 
covers  the  Child  all  over,  and  fecufes  her  and  it  from  the 
injuries  of  rainy  Weather.  The  Savage  Women  quit  all  Com- 
pany, anddrefsnot  their  own  Vi&uals,  during  their -Purga- 
tions. '  „ 

After  they  have  had  feveral  Children,  they  grow  itrange- 
ly  out  of  Shape  in  their  Bodies  -,  As  for  Barrennefs,  I  never 
3uiew  any  of  their  Women ,  that  have  not  Children  when 

marry'd.  ,  ,   .     _,  \  .  . 

TheWomensDrefsis,  in  fevere  Weather,  a  hairy  Match- 
coat  in  the  Nature  of  a  Plad,  which  keeps  out  the  Cold,  and 
(as  I  faid  before)  defends  their  Children  from  the  Prejudices 
of  the  Weather.  At  other  times,  they  have  only  a  fort  of 
Flap  or  Apron  containing  two  Yards  in  Length,  and  better 
than  half  a  Yard  deep.  Sometimes,  it  is  a  Deer-Skin  drefs'd 
white,  and  pointed  or  flit  at  the  bottom,  like  Fringe.  When 
this  is  clean,  it  becomes  them  very  well.  Others  wear  blue 
or  red  Flaps  made  of  Bays  and  Plains,  which  they  buy  or  the 
Zwlifc  of  both  which  they  tuck  in  the  Corners,  to  fatten 
the  Garment,  and  fometimes  make  it  fait  with  a  Belt.  All 
of  them,  when  ripe,  have  a  fmall  String  round  the  Wafte,  to 
which  another  is  tied  and  comes  between  their  Legs,  where 
always  is  a  Wad  of  ■  Mofs  againft  the  OipSis  \  but  never  any 


of  North-Girolina. 


*9 


Hair  is  there  to  be  found:  Sometimes,  they  wear  Indian 
Shooes,  or  Moggizons,  which  are  made  after  the  fame  man- 
ner, as-the  Mens  are. 

The  Hair  of  their  Heads  is  made  into  a  long  Roll  like  a 
Horfes  Tail,  and  bound  round  with  Ronoak  or  TorceUn,  which 
is  a  fort  of  Beads  they  make  of  the  Conk-Shells.  Others  that 
have  not  this,  make  a  Leather-String  ferve. 

The  Indian  Men  have  a  Match-Coat  of  Hair,  Furs,  Fea-Indian 
thers,  or  Cloth,  as  the  Women  have.    Their  Hair  is  roll'd  Jv& 
up,  on  each  Ear,  as  the  Womens,  only  much  Ihorter,  and  .• 
oftentimes  a  Roll  on  the~Crown  of  the  Head,  or  Temples, 
which  is  juft  as  they  fancy  i  there  being  no  Stri&nefs  in  their 
Drefs.    Betwixt  their  Legs  comes  a  Piece  of  Cloth,  that  is 
tuck'd  in  by  a  Belt  both  before  and  behind.    This  is  to  hide 
their  Nakednefs,  of  which  Decency  they  are  very  ftrict  Ob- 
fervers,  although  never  pradtifed  before  the  Chriftians  came 
amongir.  them.    They  wear  Shooes,  of  Bucks,  and  fometimes 
Bears  Skin  ,   which  they  tan  in  an  Hour  or  two  ;   with  the 
Bark  of  Trees  boil'd,  wherein  theypuvthe  Leather  whilft 
hot,  and  let  it  remain  a  little  while,  whereby  it  becomes  fo 
qualify'd,  as  to  endure  Water  and  Dirt,  without  growing    ' 
hard.    Thefe  have  no  Heels,  and  are  made  as  fit  for  the 
Feet,  as  a  Glove  is  for  the  Hand,  and  are  very  eafie  to  travel 
mi,  when  one  is  a  little  us'd  to  them.    When  thefe  Savages 
live  near  the  Water,  they  frequent  the  Rivers  in  Summer- Indians 
time  very  much,  where  both  Men  and  Women  very  often  in  majbing- 
a  day  go  in  naked  to  warn  themfelves,  though  not  both  Sexes in.tbe 
together.  *lver- 

Their  Feather  Match-Coats  are  very  pretty,   efpecially 
fomeofthem,  which  are  made  extraordinary  charming,  con- 
taining feveral  pretty  Figures  wrought  in  Feathers,  making 
them  feem  like  a  fine  Flower  Silk-Shag;  and  when  new  andMatrt- 
frefh,  they  become  a  Bed  very  well,  inftead  of  a  Quilt.   Somec»^  bote 
of  another  fort  are  made  of  Hare,  Raccoon  j  Bever,  or  Squir-^^' 
rel-Skins,  which  are  very  warm.     Others  again  are  made  of 
the  green  Part  of  the  Skin  of  a  Mallard's  Head,  which  they 
few  perfectly  well  together,  their  Thread  being  either  the 
Sinews  of  a  Deer  divided  very  fmall,  or  Silk-Grafs.     When 
thefe  are  finifh'd,  they  look  very  finely,    though  they  mult 
needs  be  very  tsoublefome  to  make.    Some  of  their  great 
Men¥  as  Rulers  and  fuch,  that  have  Plenty  of  Deer  Skins  _ 

Cc  2  by 


s92 


An  Account  of  the  Indians 


Chiliii 
Indians. 


Hatteras 
Indians. 


Tainting 
jar  War. 


by  them,  will  often  buy  the  Englijh-m3.de  Goats,  which  they 
wear  on  Feftivals  and  other  Days  of  Viiiting,  Yet  none  eveF 
buy  any  Breeches,  faying,  that  they  are  too  much  confin'd 
in  them,  which  prevents  their  Speed  in  running,  &c. 

We  have  fome  Indians,  that  are  more  civilized  than  the  reffc, 
which  wear  Hats,  Shooes,  Stockings,  and  Breeches,  with 
very  tolerable  Linnen  Shirts,  which  is  not  common  amongfb 
thefe  Heathens.  The  Pafpitank  Indians  did  formerly  keep 
Cattle,  and  make  Butter. 

Thefe  are  them  that  wear  the  Englijh  Drefs.  Whether, 
they  have  Cattle  now  or  no,  I  am  not  certain-,  but  I  am  of 
the  Opinion,  that  fuch  Inclinations  in  the  Savages  mould 
meet  with  Encouragement,  and  every  Englijhman  ought  to  do 
them  Juftice,  and  not  defraud  them  of  their  Land,  which, 
has  been  allotted  them  formerly  by  the  Government  ;  for  if 
we  do  not  Ihew  them  Examples  of  Juftice  and  Vertue,  ws 
can  never  bring  them  to  believe  us  to  be  a.wor.thier  Race,  of 
Men  than  themfelves. 

The  Drefles  of  thefe  People  are  fo  different,  according  to? 
the  Nation  that  they  belong  to,  that  it  is  impoffible  to  re- 
count all  the  whimfical  Figure's  that  they  fometimes  make  by. 
their  Antick  Drefles.  Befides,  Carolina  is  a  warm  Country, 
and  very  mild  in  its  Winters,  to  what  Virginia,  Maryland,  Ten* 
fylvania,  Neve-York,  the  Jerfeys7.and  New- England  are  \  where- 
fore, our  Indians  Habit  very  much  differs  from  the.  Drefles 
that  appear  amongft  the  Savages  wlio  inhabit  thofe  cold 
Countries  ;  in  regard  their  chiefeft  Cloathing  for  the  Winter- 
Seafon  is  made  of  the  Furs  of  Bever,  Raccoon,  and  other 
Northern  Furs,  that  our  Climate  is  not  acquainted  withal, 
they  producing  fome  Furs,  as  the  Monad,  Moor,  Marten* 
Black  Fox,  and  others  to  us  unknown. 

Their  Drefs  in  Peace  and  War,  is  quite  different  Befides, 
when  they  go  to.  War,  their  Hair  is  comb'd  out  by  the  Wo*- 
men,  and  done  over  very  much  with  Bears  Greafe,  and  red. 
Root;  with  Feathers,  Wings,  Rings,  Copper,  and  Peak,  or 
Wampum  in  their  Ears.  Moreover,  they  buy  Vermillion  of 
the  Indian  Traders ,  wherewith  they  paint  their  Faces  all. 
over  red,  and  commonly  make  a  Circle  of  Black  about  one. 
Eye,  and  another  Circle  of  White  about  the.  other,  whilft. 
others  bedawb  their  Faces  with  Tobacco-Pipe  Clay,  Lamp- 
Mack,  black  Lead,  and  divers  other  Golours,  which  they, 

jfiake. 


of  North-Carolina. 


make  with  the  feveral  forts  of  Minerals  and  Earths  that 
they  get  in  different  Parts  of  the  Country,  where  they  hunt 
and  travel.  When  thefe  Creatures  are  thus  painted,  they 
make  the  moft  frightful  Figures  that  can  be  imitated  by  Men, 
and  feem  more  like  Devils  than  Humane  Creatures.  You  may 
befure,  that  they  areabout  fome  Mifchief,  when  you  fee  them' 
thus  painted  •,  for  in  all  the  Hoftilities  which  have  ever  been 
a&ed  againft  the  Englifl)  at  any  time,  in  feveral  of  the  Planta-  , 
tions  of  America,  the  Savages  always  appear'd  in  this  Dif-. 
guize ,  whereby  they  might  never  after  be  difcover'd,  or 
known  by  any  of  the  Chriftians  that  mould  happen  to  fee- 
them  after  they  had  made  their  Efcape  ^  for  it  is  impoffible,. 
ever  to  know  an  Indian  under  thefe  Colours,  although  he  has 
been  at  your  Houfe  a  thoufand  times,  and  you  know  him,  af 
other  times,  as  well,  as  you  do  any  Perfon  living.  As  for 
their  Women,  they  never  ufe  any  Paint  on  their  Faces ;  nei- 
ther  do  they  ever  carry  them  along  with  them  into  the  Field, 
when  they  intend  any  Expedition,  leaving-them  at  home  with' 
the  old  Men  and  Children. 

Sorrie  of  the  Indians  wear  great  Bobs  in  their  Ears,  dmmasMh 
fometimes  in.  the  Holes  thereof  they  put  Eagles  and  other- 
Birds,  Feathers,  for  a  Trophy.    When  they  kill  any  .Fowl, 
they  commonly  pluck  off  the  downy  Feathers,  and  ftick  them  - 
all  over  their  Heads.    Some   (both  Men  and  Women;  wear 
great  Necklaces  of  their  Money  made  of  Shells.    They  of- 
ten wear  Bracelets  made  of.  Brafs,  and  fometimes  of  Iron 
Wire.  '      -"     -  . 

Their  Money  is  of  different  forts,  but  all  made  of  Shells,  Indian. 
which  are  found  on  the  Coaft  of  Carolina,  which  are  very  *&»*>- 
large  and  hard,  fo  that  they  are  very  difficult  to  cut:  Some 
EngUfr  Smiths  have  try'd  to  drill  this  fort'  of  Shell-Money, 
and  ^hereby  thought  to  get  an  Advantage-,  but  itprov'd  fo 
hard,  that  nothing  could  be  gain'd.  They  oftentimes  make, 
of  this  Shell,  a  fort  of  Gorge,  which  they  wear  about  their 
Neck  in  a  ftring  \  fo  it  hangs  on  their  Collar,  whereon  fame- 
times  is  engraven  a  Crofs,  or  fome  odd  fort  of  Figure,  which 
comes  next  in  their  Fancy"  There  are  other  forts  valued  at 
a  Doe-Skin,  yet  the  Gorges  will  fometimes  fell  for  three  or 
four  Buck-Skins  ready  dreft.  There  be  others,  that  eight  of 
them  go  readily  for  a  Doe  Skin ,  but  the  general  a-nd  current 
Species  of  all  the  Indians  in  Carolina^  arid,  I  believe,  all  over 

the. 


i  I 


194- 


An  Account  of  the  Indians 


the  Continent,  as  far  as  the  Bay  of  Mexico,  is  that  which 
we  call  Teak,  and  Ronoak ;  but  Peal  more  efpecially.  This  is 
that  which  at  Nerv-Tork,  they  call  Wampum,  and  have  ufed  it 
as  current  Money  araongffc  the  Inhabitants  for  a  great 
many  Years.  This  is  what  many  Writers  call  Porcelan,  and 
is  made  at  New-Tork  in  great  Quantities,  and  with  us  in  fome 
meafure.  Five  Cubits  of  this  purchafe  a  drefs'd  Doe-Skin,  and 
feven  or  eight  purchafe  a  drefs'd  Buck-Skin.  An  English* 
man  could  not_  afford  to  make  fo  much  of  this  Wampum  for 
five  or  ten  times  the  Value.}  for  it  is  made  out  of  a  vaft  great 
Shell,  of  which  that  Country  affords  Plenty ;  where  it  is 
ground  fmaller  than  the  final!  End  of  a  tobacco-Pipe,  or  a 
large  Wheat-Straw.  Four  or  five  of  thefe  make  an  Inch,  and 
every  one  is  to  be  drill'd  through,  and  made  as  fmooth  as 
Glafs,  andfo  ftrung,  as  Beds  are,  and  a  Cubit  of  the  Indian 
Meafure  contains  as  much  in  Length,  as  will  reach  from  the 
Elbow  to  the  End  of  the  little  Finger.  They  never  Hand  to 
queftion,  whether  it  is  a  tall  Man,  or  a  fhort  one,  that  mea- 
fures  it ;  but  if  this  Wampum  Teak  be  black  or  purple,  as  fome 
Part  of  that  Shell  is,  then  it  is  twice  the  Value.  This  the 
Indians  grind  on  Stones  and  other  things,  till  they  make  it 
current,  but  the  Drilling  is  the  moll  difficult  to  the  English- 
men, which  the  Indians  manage  with  a  Nail  ftuck  in  a  Cane 
or  Reed.  Thus  they  roll  it  continually  on  their  Thighs,  with 
their  Right-hand,  holding  the  Bit  of  Shell  with  their  Left, 
fo  in  time  they  drill  a  Hole  quite  through  it,  which  is  a  very 
tedious  Work ;  but  efpecially  in  making  their  Ronoak,  four  of 
which  will  fcarce  make  one  Length  of  Wampum.  The  Indi- 
ans are  a  People  that  never  value  their  time,  fo  that  they  can 
afford  to  make  them,  and  never  need  to  fear  the  Englljh  will 
take  the  Trade  out  of  their  Hands.  This  is  the  Money  with 
which  you  may  buy  Skins,  Furs,  Slaves,  or  any  thing, the 
Indiahs  have;  it  being  the  Mammon  (as  our  Money  is  to  us) 
that  entices  and  perfuades  them  to  do  any  thing,  and  part 
with  every  thing  they  poffefs,  except  their  Children  for  Slaves. 
As  for  their  Wives,  they  are  often  fold,  and  their  Daughters 
violated  for  it.  With  this  they  buy  off  Murders ;  and  what- 
foever  a  Man  can  do  that  is  ill,  this  Wampum  will  quit  him 
of, -and  make  him,  in  their  Opinion,  good  and  vertuous, 
though  never  fo  black  before. 

All 


of  North-Carolina. 


i 


All  the  Indians  give  a  Name  to  their  Children,  which  is  Indians 
not  the  fame  as  the  Father  or  Mother,  but  what  they  fancy. how 
This  Name  they  keep,  (if  Boys)  till  they  arrive  to  the  Age  "*"'**• 
of  a  Warriour,  which  is  fixteen  or  feventeen  Years  •,  then 
they  take  a  Name  to  themfelves,  fometimes,  Eagle,  Panther, 
Allegator,  or  fome  fuch  wild  Creature ;  efteeming  nothing  on 
Earth  worthy  to  give  them  a  Name,  but  thefe  Wild-Fowl, 
and  Beafts.    Some  again  take  the  Name  of  a  Fifh,  which  they 
keep  as  long  as  they  live. 

The  King  is  the  Ruler  of  the  Nation,  and  has  others  under  Indian 
him,  to  affift  him,  as  his  War-Captains,  and  Counfellors, ^inf  *?*' 
who  are  pick'd  out  and  chofen  from  among  the  ancientefl  ^ 
Men  of  the  Nation  he  is  King  of.    Thefe  meet  him  in  all 
general  Councils:  and  Debates,   concerning  War,   Peace,  E^ry 
Trade,  Hunting,  and  all  the  Adventures  and  Accidents  oP™?1  a 
Humane  Affairs,  which  appear  within  their  Verge;  where ^"^efeJ 
all  Affairs  are  difcourfed  of  and  argued  fro  and  con,  very  de-*#  the  m- 
Hberately  (without  making  any  manner  of  Parties  or  Divili-  tion, 
onsj  for  the  Good  of  the  Publick  ;  for,  as  they  meet  there  to 
treat,  they  difcharge  their  Duty  with  all  the  Integrity  imagi- 
nable, never  looking  towards  their  Own  Intereft,  before  the 
Publick  Good.    After  every  Man  has  given  his  Opinion,  that 
which  has  moft  Voices,  or,in  Summing  up,  is  found  the  molt 
reafonable,   that  they  make  ufe  of  without  any  Jars  and 
Wrangling,  and  put  it  in  Execution,  the  firft  Opportunity 
that  offers. 

The  Succelfion  falls  not  to  the  King's  Son ,  but  to  his  succejfim 
Sifter's  Son,  which  is  a  fureway  to  prevent  Impoftofs  in  thehsm- 
Succeflion.   Sometimes  they  poifbn  the  Heir  to  make  way  for 
another,  which  is  not  feldomdone,  when  they  do  not  ap- 
prove of -the  Youth  that  is  to  fucceed  them.    The  King  hina- 
felf  is  commonly  chief  Do&or  in  that  Cure. 

They  are  fo  well  verfed  in  Poifon,  that  they  are  often 
found  to  poifon  whole  Families ;  nay,  moft  of  a  Town  ,  and 
which  is  moft  to  be  admired,  they  will  poifon  a  running 
Spring ,  or  Fountain  of  Water,  fo  that  whofoever  drinks 
thereof,  fhall  infallible  die.  When  the  Offender  is  difcover'd, 
his  very  Relations  urge  for  Death,  whom  nothing  will  ap= 
peafe,  but  the  moft  cruel  Torment  imaginable,  which  is 
executed  in  the  moft  publick  Manner  that  it's  poffibleto  ztX 
fuch  a  Tragedy  in.    For  all  the  whole  Nation,  and  all  the 


196 


An  Account  of  the  Indians 


Poifoning 
Indians 
hoxx>  pu- 
mjb'ed'. 


Indians  within  a  hundred  Mile  (if  it  is  poffible  to  fend  for 
themj  are  fummon'd  to  come  and  appear  at  fuch  a  Place  and 
Time,  tqfee  and  rejoyce  at  the  Torments  and  Death  offuch 
a  Perfon,  who  is  the  common  and  profefs'd  Enemy  to  all  the 
friendly  Indians  thereabouts,. who  now  lies  under  the  Con- 
demnation of  the  whole  Nation,  and  accordingly  is  to  be 
put  to  Death.  Then  all  appear  (young  and  old)  from  all 
the  adjacent  Parts,  and  meet,  with  all  the  Expreffions  of  joy, 
to  confummate  this  horrid  and  barbarous  Fea ft ,  which  is 
carried  on  after  this  difmal  Manner.  Firft,  they  bring  the 
Prifoner  to  the  Place  appointed  for  the  Execution,  where  he 
is  fet  down  on  his  Breech  on  the  Ground.  Then  they  all  get 
about  him,  and  you  fhall  not  fee  one  forrowful  or  dejeded 
Countenance  amongfl  them,  but  all  very  merrily  difpos'd,  as 
if  fome  Comedy  was  to  be  acted,  inftead  of  a  Tragedy.  He 
that  is  appointed  to  be  the  chief  Executioner,  takes  a  Knife, 
and  bids  him  hold  out  his  Hands,  which  he  does,  and  then 
cuts  round  theWrift  through  the  Skin,  which  is  drawn  off 
like  a  Glove,  and  flead  quite  off  at  the  Fingers  Ends  ;  then 
they  break  his  Joints  and  Bones,  and  buffet  and  torment  hjm 
after  a  very  inhumane  Manner,  till  fome  violent  Blow  per- 
haps ends  his  Days  •,  then  they  burn  him  to  Ames,  and 
throw  them  down  the  River.  Afterwards  they  eat,  drink 
and  are  merry,  repeating  all  the  Adions  of  the  Tormentors 
and  the  Prifoner,  with  a  great  deal  of  Mirth  and  Satif- 
fadion.  This  Accufation  is  laid  againft  an  Indian  Heroe 
fometimes  wrongfully,  or  when  they  have  a  mind  to  get  rid 
of  a  Man  that  has  more. Courage  and  Condud  than  his  neigh- 
bouring Kings  or  great  Men ;  then  they  alledge  the  Pradice 
of  polfoning  Indians  againft  him,  and  make  a  Rehearfal  of  e- 
very  Indian  that  died  for  a  year  or  two,  and  fay,  that  they 
were  poifon'd  by  fuch  an  Indian;  which  Reports  ftir  up  all 
the  Pvelations  of  the  deceafed  againft  the  faid  Perfon,  and  by 
fuch  means  make  him  away  prefently.  In  fome  Affairs,  theie 
Savagesare  very  refervM  and  politick,  and  will  attend  a  long 
time  with  a  great  deal  of  Patience,  to  bring  about  their  De- 
figns  •,  they  being  never  impatient  or  hafty  in  executing  any 
of  their  Defignsof  Revenge. 

Now  I  am  gone  fo  far  in  giving  an  Account  of  the  Indians 
Temper,  I  will  proceed ;  and  cangive  you  no  other  Gbara- 
der  of  them,  but  that  they  are  a  very  wary  People,  and  are 

never 


w 


Jorth-Girolina. 


197 


nevei*  irjfry  or  impatient.     Tho'y  will  endure  a  great  many 
MiSfetft-tinV^, '  Loiles,  and  Difapointmerits  without  mewing 
th*rtftWfe«,-iii  theieaft,  vex'd  or'u'tieafy.     When  they  g6',by 
Water,  it  there  proves  a  Head-Wirid;  they.' 'never1  vex  and 
fret,  as  the  Europeans  do,  and  let  what  Misfortune  tome  td 
them,  as  will  or  can  happen,  they  never 'relent.  Befides,  there 
is  one  Vice  very  common  every  where,  which  I  neve'r  found 
amongft  them,  which  is  Envying  other  Mens  Hippinefs,  be- 
£aufe  their  Station  is  not  equal  to,  or  above,  theifNeigh'bbu'rs. 
Of  this  Sin  I  cannot  fay  1  ever  faw'an  Exam'ple,"ttibugh  'they 
are  a  People  that  fet  as  great  a  Value  upon  themfelves,  as 
any  fort  of  Men  in  the  Worlds  upon  which  Account  they 
find  fomething  Valuable  in  themfelves  above  Riches,,     Thus, 
he  that  is"  a  good  Wafriour,  Is  the  proudeft  Creature  living  .\     %. 
and  he  that  is  an  expert' Hunter,  is  efteerii'd  By  the  People 
arid  himfelf-,  yet  all  thefe  are    natural  Vertues  and  Gifts, 
and  not  Riches,  which  are  as  often  in  the  PoOefTiOri  of  a  Fool 
as  a  Wife-man.     Several  of  the  Indians  are  pofTefVd  of  a  great 
many  Skins,  Wampum,-  Ammunition,  and  what  other  things 
are  efteem'd  Riches  amongft  themj    yet  fuch  an  Indian  'is 
no  more  efteem'd  amongft  them,  than  arijf  other  ordinary 
Fellow,  provided  he  has  no'  perfbnal  Endowments,  which 
are  the  Ornaments,  that  muft  gain  hi'rh  an  Efteem  among 
them  \  for  a  great  Dealer,  amongft  the  Indians,  is  no  other- 
wife  refpedted  and  efteemed,   than   as  a  Man  that  ftrains 
his  Wits,  and  fatigues  himfelf,  to  furriiih  others  with  NeceT- 
faries  of  Life,  that  live  much  eafier  and  enjoy  more  of  the 
World,  than  he  himfelf  does,  with  all  his  Pelf.    If  they  are 
taken  Captives,  and  expect  a  miferable  Exit,  they  fing ;  if  Indians 
Death  approach  them  in  Sicknefs,  they  are  not  afraid  of,  fftinot  sfrtai 
nor  are  ever  heard  to  fay,  Grant  me  fome  time.  They  know t0  ile* 
by  Inftinct,  and  daily  Example,  that  they  muft  die ;  where- 
fore, they  have  that  great  and  noble  Gift,  to  fubrait  to  every 
thing  that  happens,  and  value  nothing  that  attacks  them. 

Their  Cruelty  to  their  Prifoners  of  War  is  what  they  are 
feemingly  guilty  of  an  Error  in,  (I  mean  as  to  a  natural  Fail- 
ing) becaufe  they  ftrive  to  invent  the  moit inhumane  Butch- 
eries for  them,  that  the  Devils  themfelves  could  invent,  or 
hammer  out  of  Hell  ^  they  efteeming  Death  no  Punilhment, 
but  rather  an  Advantage  to  him,  that  is  exported  out  of  this 
into  another  World. 

D  d  There- 


98 


An  Account  of  the  Indians 


vfWar. 


Therefore,  they  inflift  on  them  Torments,  wherein  they 
prolong  Life  in  that  miferable  ftate  as  long  as  they  can,  and 
never  mifs  Skulping  of  them,  as  they  call  it,  which  is,  to  cu£ 
off  the  Skin  from  the  Temples,  and  taking  the  whole  Head 
of  Hair  along  with  it,  as  if  it  was  a  Night-cap.  Sometimes, 
they  take  the  Top  of  the  Skull  along  with  it ;  all  which  theyr 
preferve,  and  carefully  keep  by  them,  for  a  Trophy  of  theii? 
Conqueft  over  their  Enemies.  Others  keep  their  Enemies 
Teeth  r  which  are  taken  in  War,  whilil  others  Iplit  the 
Pitch-Pine  into  Splinters,  and  Hick  them  into  the  Prisoners 
Body  yet  alive.  Thus  they  light  them,  which  bum  like,  fa 
Indians  many  Torches ;  and  in  this  manner,  they  make  him  dance 
Cruelty  to  round  a  great  Fire,  everyone  buffeting  and  deriding  him, 
Trifomrs  tju  he  expires,  when  every  one  ftrives  to  get  a  Bone  or  ibme 
Relick  of  this  unfortunate  Captive.  One  of  the  young  Fel- 
lows, that  has  been  at  the  Wars,  and  has.  had  the  Fortune 
to  take  a  Captive,  returns  the  proudeft  Creature  on  Earth, 
and  fets  fuch  a  Value  on  himfelf,  that  he  knows  not  how  to 
contain  himfelf  in  his  Senfes.  The  Iroquois,  or  Sinnagars,  are 
the  molt  Warlike  Indians  that  we  know  of,  being  always  at 
War,,  and  not  to  be  perfuaded  from  that  Way  of  Living,  D7 
any  Argument  that  can  be  ufed..  If  you  go  to  perfiiade  them 
to  live  peaceably  with  the  Tushruros,,  and  let  them  be  one. 
People*  and  in  cafe  thofe  Indians  defire  it,  and  will  fubmit 
to  them,  they  will  anfwer  you,  that  they  cannot  live  without 
War,  which  they  have  ever  been  ufed  to ;  and  that  if  Peace 
"be  made  with  the  Indians  they  now  war  withal,  they  mult, 
find  out  fome  others  to  wage  War  againft  -r  for,  for  them  to 
live  in  Peace,  is  to  live  out  of  their  Element,,  War,  Con- 
cuieft,  and  Murder,  being  what  they  delight  in,  and  value 
t hemfelves  for.  When  they  take  a  Slave,  and  intend  to  keep, 
him  to  Work  in  their  Fields,  they  flea  the  Skin  from  the 
Setting  on  of  his  Toes  to  the  middle  of  his  Foot,  fo  cut  off 
one  half  of  his  Feet,  wrapping  the  Skin  over  the  Wounds, 
Indians  and  healing  them.  By  this  cruel  Method,  the  Indian  Captive 
pa  and  is  hinder d  from  making  his  Efcape^  for  he  can  neither,  rum 
tut  off  ^r*faft  or  go  any  where,  hut  his  Feet  are  more  eafily  traced. 
JkJ*  and  difcoverd.  Yet  I  know  one  Man  who  made  his  Efcape 
fromthem,  tho'  they  had  thus  difabled  him,  as  you  may  fee  in 
any  Journal; 


of  North-Carolina. 


199 


The  Indians  ground  their  Wars  on  Enmity,  not  on  Interefl, 
as  the  Europeans  generally  do  ;  for  the  Lofs  of  the  meanelt 
Perfon  in  the  Nation,  they  will  go  to  War  and  lay  all  at 
Stake ,  and  profecute  their  Defign  to  the  utmoft  •,  till  the 
Nation  they  were  injur'd  by,  be  wholly  deftroy'd,  or  make 
them  that  Satisfaction  which  they  demand.  They  are  very 
politick,  in  waging,  and  carrying  on  their  War,  firft  by  ad- 
vifing  with  all  the  ancient  Men  of  Conduct,  and  Reafon,  that 
belong  to  their  Nation-,  fuch  as  fuperannuated  War-Cap- 
tains, and  thofe  that  have  been  Counfellors  for  many  Years, 
and  whofe  Advice  has  commonly  fucceeded  very  well.  They 
have  likewife  their  Field  Counfellors,  who  are  accuftomed 
to  Ambufcades,  and  Surprizes,  which  Methods  are  common- 
ly ufed  by  the  Savages ;  for  I  fcarce  ever  heard  of  a  Field- 
Battle  fought  amongft  them. 

One  of  their  Expeditions  afforded  an  Inftance,  worthy 
mention,  which  was  thus ;  Two  Nations  of  Indians  here  in 
Carolina  were  at  War  together,  and  a  Party  of  each  were  in 
the  Forelfc  ranging  to  fee  what  Enemies  they  "could  take. 
The  leflfer  Number  found  they  were  difcover'd,  and  could  not 
well  get  over  a  River  ( that  lay  betwixt  them  and  their 
home)  without  engaging  the  other  Party,  whofe  Numbers 
were  much  the  greater  •,  fo  they  calfd  a  Council,  which  met, 
and  having  weigh'd  their  prefent  Circumftances  with  a  great 
deal  of  Argument  and  Debate,  for  a  confiderable  time,  and 
found  their  Enemies  Advantage,  and  that  they  could  expecl: 
noSuccefs  in  Engaging  fuch  an  unequal  Number -,  they,  at 
Iaft,  concluded  on  this  Stratagem,  which,  in  my  Opinion, 
carried  a  great  deal  of  Policy  along  with  it.  It  was,  That 
the  fame  Night,  they  lhould  make  a  great  Fire,  which  they 
were  certain  would  be  difcover'd  by  the  adverfe  Party,  and 
there  drefs  up  Logs  of  Wood  in  their  Cloaths,  and  make 
them  exactly  feem  like  Indians,  that  were  afleep  by  the  Fire- 
iide ;  (which  is  their  Way,  when  in  the  Woods)  To,  [aid  they,  ( 
our  Enemies  will  fire  upon  thefe  Images,  fuppofing  them  to 
be  us,  who  will  lie  inAmbufcade,  and,  after  their  Guns  are  India 
unloaded,  fhall  deal  well  enough  with  them.  This  Refult  mthL 
was  immediately  put  in  Execution,  and  the  Fire  was  made 
by  the  fide  of  a  Valley,  where  they  lay  perdu  very  advanta- 
geoufly.  Thus,  a  little  before  Break  of  Day,  (which  com- 
monly is  the  Hour  they  furprize  their  Enemies  in)  the  Indi- 

D  d  2  aws. 


200 


An  Account  of  the  Indians 


Macha' 

punga 

King 

Charles. 


ans  came  down  to  their  Fire,  and  at  once  fired  in  upon  taofe 
Logs  in  the  Indians  Cioaths,  and  rua  up  to  them;  expecting 
they  had  kih°d  every  Man  dead;  but  they  found  themfelves 
miftaken,  for  then  the  other  Indians^  who  had  lain  all  'the 
Night  ftark-naked  in  the  Bottom,  attaek'd  them  with  their 
loaded  Pieces,  which  fo  furprized  them ,  that  every  Man 
was  taken  Prifoner,  and  brought  in  bound  to  their  Town: 

Another;  Inftance  was  betwixt  the  Maehapunga  Indi'axjj 
and  the  Coralline's,  on-  the  Sand-Banks;  which' was  as  follows. 
The  Macbapungas  wexe  invited  to  a.Feaft,  by  the  Coranines% 
(which  two  Nations  had  been  a  long  time  at  War  together, 
and  had  lately  concluded  a  Peace.)  Thereupon,  the .  MaohJe- 
punga  Indians  took  the  Advantage  of  coming  to  the  Cdranina 
Feaft,  which, was  to  avoid  all  Sufpicion,  and  their  King, 'wild, 
of  a  Sav3ge,  is  a  great  Politician  and  very  jftouE;  order'd  all 
his,  Men  to  carry'their  Tamabauh  along  with  them,  hidden 
under  their  Match-Goats,  which  they  did;  arid  being  ac- 
quainted when  to  fall  on,  by.  the  Word  given,  they  all  (upon 
-  this  Delign)  fet  forward  for  the  Feaft,  and  came  to  the  Car  a- 
nm  Town,  wherethey  had  gotten  Victuals,  Fruit,  and  fuch 
thjngs.as  make  an. Indian  Entertainment,  all  ready  to  make 
thefe  new  Friends  welGome,avhich  they  did  \  and,  after  Din- 
ner, towards  the  Evening,  fasitiscuftomary  amongft  them*) 
they.  went.  to.  Dancing,  all- together^  fo  when  the  Macha- 
pxnga  King  faw.the  beft  Opportunity  offer,  he  gave  the  Word,  . 
and  his  Men  pull'd  their  Tamabauh  or  Hatchets  from  under 
their  MatchrCoats,  and  kidl'd  feveral,  and  tbolfiith'e  reft  Pri- 
foners,  except  Tome  few  that  were  notprefent,  and  about 
four  or  five  that  efcap'd.  The  Prifoners  they  fold  Slaves' to 
the  Englijh-  At  the  time  this  was  done,  thofe  Indians  had 
nothing  but  Bows  and  Arrows,  neither  tide  having  Guns. 

The  Indians  me  "very-revengeful,1  and  never:  forget  an  In- 
jury done,  till  they  have  reeeiv'd  Satisfaction.     Yet  they  are 
.      thefreeft  People  from  Heats  and ;  Famous  (which  pofiefs  the1* 
pefift  ~  Europeans)  of  anyl  ever  heard  of.    They  never-  call  any  Man 
ladians.  to  account  for  what  he  did,  when  he  was  drunk ;  but  fay^  it 
^was  the  Drink  that  caufedt  his  Misbehaviour,  therefore  he 
"ought  to  be  'forgiven*.  -They  never-  fre<juent:a  :Ghriiian's 
Houfethat  is  given  to. Paffion,- nor  will  they  ever  buy  befell 
with  him,  if  they  can-  get'  the  fame  Commodities  of  any -a* 

'  ■  ther 


of  North-Carolina. 


20  £ 


ther  Perfon  ;  for  they  fay,  fuch  Men  are  mad  Wolves,  and 
no  more  Men. 

They  know  not  what  Jealoufy  is,  becaufe  they  never  think  Indians 
their  Wives  are  unconftant,  unlefs  they  are  Eye-witneiTes  »«?<?<*- 
thereof.  They  are  generally  very  bafliful,  efpecially  the  young lous- 
Maids,  who  when  they. come  into  a  ftrange  Cabin,  where 
they  are  not  acquainted,  never  ask  for  any  thing,  though  ne- 
ver fo  hungry,  or  thirfty,  but  lit  down,  without  fpeaking  a 
Word  (be'it  never  fo  long)  till  fome  of  the  Houfeasks  them 
a  Queftion,   or  falls  into  Difcourfe,   with  the  Stranger.    I 
never  Taw  a  Scold  amongft  them,  and  to  their  Children  they 
are  extraordinary  tender  and  indulgent  •,  neither  did  I  ever 
fee  a"  Parent  correct  a   Child,  excepting  one  Woman,  that 
was  the  King's  Wife,  and  fhe  (indeed)   did  pqiTefs  a  Teniper 
that  is  not  commonly  found,  amongft  them.-   They  are  free 
from  all  manner  of  Compliments,  except  Shaking  of  Hands, 
and  Scratching  on   the  Shoulder,  which  two  are  the  greateft 
Marks  of  Sincerity  and  Friendfhip,  that  can  be  fhew'd  one  to 
another.     They  cannot  expxtfs  fare  you  well;,  but  when  they'lndians 
leave  theHoufe,  will  fay,  Jgoftr^'ghtway,  which5  is  to  jsafci- Compte- 
mate  their  Departure }  and  if  the  Mail  of  the  Houfe  Jias'any  mm' 
MeiTage  to.  Tend  by  the  goingMan,  he  may  acquaint  him     '.» 
therewith.    Their  Tongue  allows  not  to  fay,  Sir,  I  am  your 
Servant,  becaufe  they,  hav.e'no  different  Titles  for  Man,  only 
King,  .War-Captain,,  Old  Man,  or.  Young  Man,  which,  re- 
fpectthe  Stations  and  Circwroftanees  Men  are  employed  in, 
and  arriv'd  to,r  and  not .Geremonyv    As  for  Servant, 'they 
have  no  fuch  thing,  except' Slave,  and  their  Dogs,  Cats,  tame 
or  domeftick.Bea.fts,  and  Birds,,  are  calFd  by  the  fame  Name : 
For  the  Indian-  Word  for  Slave  includes  them  all.    So  when  an 
Ind'an  tells  you  he  has  gota  Slave  for  you,  it  may  (in  general 
Terms.,  as  theyufe)   be.' a young  Eagle,  &  Dag,  Ottsr,  or 
any  other  thing  of  that  Nature,  whlch.is&bfequiouiliytO  de- 
pend on  the  Mailer  for  its  Suftenance. 
.  ,  They  are  never/fearful  in  the  Night,  nor  do  the  Thoughts 
©f  Spirits  ;  ever  trouble  them.",  fuch  as  the  many  Hobgoblins 
and  Bugbears    that  we  fuck  in  with  our  Milk,    and  the 
Foolery,  of  our  Nurfes- and  Servants  fuggeft  to  us;  I  who.byincjians 
their  idje  Tales  of,  Fairies,  and  Witches,   make  .fuch   lm-mtarraid 
preiTioosjtan,  our  tender  -Years*  that  at  Maturity,  we  carry  of  spirits. 
PigmiesSoals,  ia.Giaats  Bodies,  and  ever  after  are  thereby 


3JOl 


An  Account  of  the  Indians 


;i  i 


:  i 


■ill   I 


fo,  much  depriv'd  of  Reafon,  and  unman'd,  as  never- to  be 
Mailers' of  half  the  Bravery  Nature  defigivd  for  us,- 

Not  but  that  the  Indians  have  as  many  Lying  Stories  of 
Spirits  and  Conjurers,  as  any  People  in  the  World  ;  but  they 
tell  it  with  no  Difadvantage  to  themfelves  -;  for  the  great  E- 
fteem  which  the  Old  Men  bring  themfelves  to,  is  by  making 
the  others  believe  their  Familiarity  with  Devils  and  Spirits, 
and  how  great  a  Correfpondence  they  have  therewith,  which 
if  it  once  gains  Credit,  they  ever  after  are  held  in  the  great- 
eft.  Veneration  imaginable,  and  whatever  they  after  impofe 
upon  the  People,  is  receiv'd  as  infallible.  They  are  fo  little 
llartkd  at  the  Thoughts  of  another  World,  that  they  not 
feldom  murder  themfelves  •,  as  for  Inftance,  a  JBear-River 
Indian,  a  very  likely  young  Fellow,  about  twenty  Years  of 
Age,  whofe  Mother  was  angry  at  his  drinking  of  too  much 
Rum,  and  chid  him  for  it,  thereupon  reply'd,  he  would  have 
her  fatisfied,  and  he  would  do  the  like  no  more  •,  upon  which 
he  made  his  Words  good  ;  for  he  went  afide,  and  fhot  him- 
felf  dead.  This  was  a  Son  of  the  politick  King  of  the  Ma- 
chapunga,  I  {poke  of  before,  and  has  the  molt  Cunning  of  any 
Indian  I  ever  met  withal. 

Moll  of  the  Savages  are  much  addided  to  Drunkennefs,  a 
Vice  they  never  were  acquainted  with,  till  the  Chriftians 
came  amongll  them.  Some  of  them  refrain  drinking  ftrong 
Liquors,  but  very  few  of  that  fort  are  found  amongll  them. 
Their  chief  Liquor  is  Rum,  without  any^  Mixture.  This  the 
MqgHjh  bring  amongll  them,  and  buy  Skins,  Furs,  Slaves  and 
other  of  their  Commodities  therewith.  They  never  are  con- 
tented with  a  little,  but  when  once  begun,  they  mull  make 
themfelves  quite  drunk ;  otherwife  they  will  never  reft,  but 
fell  all  they  have  in  the  World,  rather  than  not  have  their 
full  Dofe.  In  thefe  drunken  Frolicks,  (which  are  always  car- 
ried on  in  the  Night  )  they  fometimes  murder  one  ano- 
ther, fall  into  the  Fire,  fall  down  Precipices,  and  break  their 
Necks,  with  feveral  other  Misfortunes  which  this  drinking  of 
-  Rum  brings  upon  them  ;  and  tho'  they  are  fenfible  of  it,  yet 
they  have  no  Power  to  refrain  this  Enemy.  About  five  years 
ago,  when  Landgrave  Daniel  was  Governour,  he  fummon'd 
in  all  the  Indian  Kings  and  Rulers  to  meet,  and  in  a  full 
Meeting  of  the  Government  and  Council,  with  thote  Indians, 
they  agreed  upon  a  firm  Peace,  and  tht  Indian  Rulers  defired 
•  „  no 


of  North- Carolina. 


a  03 


no  Rum  might  be  fold  to  them,  which  was  granted,  and  a 
Law  made,  that  infli&ed  a  Penalty  on  thofe  that  fold  Rum 
to  the  Heathens  j  but  it  was  never  ftridtly  obferv'd,  and 
befides,  the  young  Indians  were  fo  difgufted  at  that  Article* 
that  they  threatned  to  kill  the  Indians  that  made  it,  unlefs  it 
was  laid  afide,  and  they  might  have  Rum  fold  them,  when 
they  went  to  the  Englijhmens  Houfes  to  buy  it. 

Some  of  the  Heathens  are  fo  very  poor,  that  they  have 
no  Manner  of  Cloaths,  lave  a  Wad  of  Mofs  to  hide  their 
Nakednefs.    Thefe  are  either  lufty  and  will  not  work ;  o- 
therwife,  they  are.  given  to  Gaming  or  Drunkeanefs;  yet 
thefe  get  Victuals  as  well  as  the  reft,  becaufethat  is  common 
amongft  them,  If  they  are  caught  in  theft  they  are  Slaves  till- 
they  repay  the  Perfon>(as  Imention'd  before)  but  to  Ileal  from 
theEnglijh  they  reckon  no  Harm.    Not  but  that  I  have 
known  fome  few  Savages  that  have  been  as  free  from  Theft  as 
any  oftheChriftians.  When  they  have  a  Defign^to  lie  with  a 
Woman,  which  they  cannot  obtain  any  other-wife  than  by  a 
larger  Reward  than  they  ape  able  tQ  give,  they  then  ftrive  to 
make,  her  drunk,  which  a  great  many  of  them  will  be  \  then 
they  take  the  Advantage,  to  do  with  them  what  they  pleafe, 
and  fometimes  in  their  Drunkennefs,  cut  off  their  Hair  and 
fell  it  to  the.  Englljhy  which  is  the  greatefl:  Affront  can  be- 
offer'd  them.    They  never  value  Time*,  for  if  they  be  going' 
out  to  hunt ,   fifh ,   or  any  other  indifferent  Builnefs,   you> 
may  keep  them  in  talk  as  long  as  you  pleafe,  fo  you  but  keep 
them  in  Diicourfe,  and  feem  pleafed  with  their  Company  5! 
yet  none  are  more  expeditious  and  fafer  Meflengers  than  they,, 
when  any,  extraordinary  Bulinefs  that  they,  are  fent  ahout  re* 
quires  it. . 

When  they.  are.  upon  travelling  the  Woods,  they  keep-  a^of  *,& 
conftant  Pace,  neither  will  they  ftride  over  a  Tree  that  lies  que/1 '. 
crofs  the  Path,  but  always  go  round  it,  which  is  quite  con-  pea. 
trary  to  the  Cuftam  of  the  Englijh ,  and  other  Europeans.- 
When  they  cut  with  a  Knife,  the  Edge  is  towards  them,^*"'^ 
whereas  we  always,  cut  and  whittle  from,  us.  ;  Nor  did  1  f?'fc 
ever  lee  one  of  them  left-handed.    Before  the  Chriftians  came  Tr«/f 
amongft  them,  not  knowing  the  Ufe  of  Steel  and  Flints,,they  0f  fe£~ 
got  their  Fire  with  Sticks,  which  by  vehement  Colliflon,  otNot  lefts. 
Rubbing  together^  take  Fire.  This  Method  they  will  fcme-^^- 


toffls&i 


Git  Sir.^::- 


-^***^8S8«£ 


■~"T— — — ' — " 


204 


Ath^'imfitbfitbeJthdiMis 


Indian 
Comal's. 


times  praftife  now,  when  it  has  happen'*!  thro'  rainy  Wea- 
ther, or  Tanie  oiiher.  Accident^  that  they  have  wiit  their 
Get  The-  S§fflfels£  whiclv  is  'a  -fok :©f  -fofe  corky  Subftance,  generailyof 
a  Cinnamon  Col6urV  and  grows  in  the toncavc  part  ./of  an 
Oak,  Hiccory,  and  feveral  other  Wood?^  being  dug  out  with 
an  Ax,  .and  always  kept  by  the  Indians,  infte'ad  of  Tinder  or 
Touch-wood,  both  which  it  exceeds.  You  are  to  undcr- 
ftand,  that  the  two  Sticks  they  ufe-  to ftrikeFire  witha),  are 
never  of  one  fort  of  Wood,  but  always  differ  from  each  0- 
ther. 

They  are  expert  Travellers ,  arid  ;  tbough  they  have 
nottheUfe  of  our  artificial  Coinpafs,  yet  they  underftand 
the  North-point  exaclly,  let  them  be  in  never  fo  great  a 
Wildernefs.  One  Guide  is  a  fhort  Mofs,  that,  grows  upon 
fome  Trees,"  exaclly!on  the  North-Side  thereof. 

Befides,  they  have:Names  for  eight  of  the  thirty  two  Points, 
and  call  the  Winds'  by  their  feveral  Names,  as  we  do  ;  but; 
indeed  more  properly",  for  the  North- Weft'  Wind  is  called 
the  cold  Wind  \  the  North-Eaft  the  wet  Wind  ;  the  South 
the  warm  Wind;  and  To  agreeably  of  the  reft.  Sometimes 
it  happens,  that  they  have  a  large  River  or  Lake  to  pafsover, 
and  the  Weather  is!  very  foggy,  as  it  often  happens  in  the 
Spring  and  Fall  of  the  'Leaf;  fo  that  they  cannot  fee  which 
Courfe  tofteer:  In  fuch  a  Cafe,  they  being  on  one  fide 
of  the  River,  or  Lake,  they  know  well  enough  what  Courfe 
fuch  a  Place  (which  they  intend  for)  bears  from  them.  There- 
fore, they  get  a  great  many  Sticks  arid  Chunks  of  Wood  in 
their  Canoe,  and  then  fet  offdire&ly  for  their  Port,  and  now 
and  then  throw  over  a  Piece  of  Wood,  which  diredts  them, 
by  feeing  how  the  Stick  bears  from  the  Canoes  Stern,  which 
they  always  obferve  to  keep  right  aft ;  and  this  is  the  In- 
d';an  Compafs  by  which  they  will  go  over  a  broad  Water  of 
ten  or  twenty  Leagues  wide.  They  will  find  the  Head  of  any 
River,  though  it  is  five,  fix  or  kven  hundred  miles  off,  and 
they  never  were  there,  in  their  Lives  before;  as  is  often 
prov'd,  by  their  appointing  to  meet  on  the  Head  of  fuch  a 
River,  where  perhaps,  none  of  them  ever  was  before,  but 
where  they  fhall  rendezvous  exadtly  at  the  prefixt  tirne*,  and 
if  they  meet  with  any  Obftruction,  they  ^eave  certain  Marks 
in  the  Way,  where  they  that  come  after  will  understand  how 
many  have  pafs'd  by  already,  and  which  way  they  are  gone. 

Be- 


of  North-Carolina: 


Befides,  ill  their  War  Expeditions,  they  have  very  certain 
Hieroglyphicks ,  whereby  each  Party  informs  the  other  of 
the  Succefs  or  Lofles  they  have  met  withal  •,  all  which  is 
fo  exadly  perform'd  by  their  Sylvian  Marks  and  Characters, 
that  they  are  never  at  a  Lofs  to  under ftand  one  another.  Yet 
there  was  never  found  any  Letters  amongft  the  Savages  of 
Carolina-,  nor,  I  believe,  among  any  other  Natives  in .Ame- 
rica, that  were  poffefs'd  with  any  manner  of  Writing  or 
Learning  throughout'  all  the  Difcoveries  of  the  New-World. 
They  will  draw  Maps,  very  exadtly,  of  all  the  Rivers,  To wns,  Jjgm* 
Mountains,  and  Roads,  or  what  you  mail  enquire  of  them, 
which  you  may  draw  by  their  Diredions,  and  come  to  a  imall 
matter  of  Latitude,  reckoning  by  their  Days  Journeys.  Thefe 
Maps  they  will  draw  in  the  Ames  of  the  Fire,  and  fometames 
upon  a  Mat  or  Piece  of  Bark.  I  have  put  a  Pen  and  Ink  into 
a  Savage's  Hand,,  and  he  has  drawn  me  the  Rivers,  Bays,  and 
other  Parts  of  a  Country,  which  afterwards  I  have  found  to 
agree  with  a  great  deal  of  Nicety:  But  you  mull  be  very 
much  in  their  Favour,  otherwife  they  will  never  make  thefe 
Difcoveries  to  you  ;  efpecially,  if  it  be  in  their  own-Quar- 
ters. And  as  for  Mines  of  Silver  and  other  Metals,  we  are  at©  Difco- 
fatisfied  we  have  enow,  and  thofe  very  rich,  in  Carolina  and  ™v  °1 
its  adjacent  Parts ;  fome  of  which  the  Indians  are  acquainted mm° 
withal,  although  no  Enquirers  thereafter,  but  what  came, 
and  were  difcover'd,  by  Chance ;  yet  they  fay,  it  is  this 
Metal  that  the  Englifi  covet,  as  they  do  their  Peak  and  Ronoak; 
and  that  we  have  gain  d  Ground  of  them  wherever  we  have 
come.  Now,  fay  they,  if  we  mould  difcover  thefe  Minerals 
to  the  Englijh,  they  would  fettle  at  or  near  thefe  Mountains, 
and  bereave  us  of  the  belt  Hunting-Quarters  we  have,  as 
they  have  already  done  wherever  they  have  inhabited  •,  fo  by 
that  means,  we  (hall  be  driven  to  fome  unknown  Country, 
to  live,  hunt,  and  get  our  Bread  in.  Thefe  are  the  Reafons 
that  the  Savages  give,  for  not  making  known  what  they  are 
acquainted  withal,  of  that  Nature.  And  indeed,  all  Men 
that  have  ever  gone  upon  thofe  Difcoveries,  allow  them  to  be 
good  •,  more  efpecially,  my  ingenious  Friend  Mr.  Francis- 
Louis  Mitchell,  of  Bern  in  Switzerland,  who  has  been,  for  fe-Mr. 
veral  Years,  very  indefatigable  and  ftri&  in  his  Difcoveries  MitcheiS, 
amongft  thofe  vaft  Ledges  of  Mountains,  and  fpacious  Trads 
of  Land,  lying  towards  the  Heads  of  the  great  Bays  and 

Ee  ■  Rivers 


ao6 


An  Account  of  the  Indians 


Rivers  of  Virginia,  Maryland,  and  Penfylvania,  where  he  has 
difcover'd  a  fpacious  Country  inhabited  by  none  but  the  Sa- 
vages, and  not  many  of  them  ;  who  yet  are  of  a  very  friendly 
Nature  to  the  Chriftians.  This  Gentleman  has  been  employ'd 
by  the  Canton  of  Bemtto  find  out  a  Trad  of  Land  in  the  Eng- 
lish America,  where  that  Re  publick  might  fettle  fome  of  their 
People  -,  which  Propofal,  1  believe,  is  now  in  a  fairway  to- 
wards, a  Conclufion, between  her  Majefty  of  Great-Britain  and 
that  Canton.  Which  muft  needs  be  of  great  Advantage  to 
both  ,  and  as  for  ourfelves,  I  believe,  no  Man  that  is  in  his 
Wits,  and  underftands  the  Situation  and  Affairs  of  America, 
but  will  allow,  nothing  can  be  of  more  Security  and  Advan- 
tage to  the  Crown  and  Subjects  of  Great- Britain,  than  to  have 
Switzers  our  Frontiers  fecured  by  a  warlike  People,  and  our  Friends, 
settlement  as  the  Switz.ers  are  \  efpecially  when  we  have  more  Indians 
in  Ame-  than  we  can  civilize,  and  fo  many  Chriftian  Enemies  lying 
rica*  on  the  back  of  us,  that  we  do  not  know  how  long  or  fliort 
a  time  it  may  be,  before  they  viilt  us.  Add  to  thefe,  the 
Effects  and  Produft  that  may  be  expected  from  thofe  Moun- 
tains-, which  may  hereafter  prove  of  great  Advantage  to  the 
Britijh  Monarchy,  and  none  more  fit  than  an  induftrious  Peo- 
ple, bred  in  a  mountainous  Country,  and  inur'd  to  all  the 
Fatigues  of  War  and  Travel,  to  improve  a  Country.  Thus 
we  have  no  room  to  doubt,  but  as  foon  as  any  of  thofe  Parts 
are  feated  by  the  Switz,ers,  a  great  many  Britains  will .  ftrive 
to  live  amongft  them,  for  the  Benefit  of  the  fweet  Air  and 
fiealthful  Climate,  which  that  Country  affords,  were  it  only 
for  the  Cultivating  of  Hemp,  Flax,  Wine,  and  other  valua- 
ble Staples,  which  thofe  People  are  fully  acquainted  withal  i 
Not  to  mention  the  Advantages  already  difcover'd  by  that 
worthy  Gentleman  I  )uft  now  fpoke  of,  who  is  highly  de- 
ferving  of  the  Conduct  and  Management  of  fuch  an  Affair,  as 
that  wife  Canton  has  entrufted  him  withal. 
„  "  ._ ■  ■  When  thefe  Savages  go  a  hunting,  they  commonly  go  out 
ifthh.™  great  Numbers,  and  oftentimes  a  great  many  Days  Journey 
vages.  from  home,  beginning  at  the  coming  in  of  the  Winter;  that 
is,  when  the  Leaves  are  fallen  from  the  Trees,  and  are  be- 
come dry.  'Tis  then  they  burn  the  Woods,  by  fetting  Fire 
to  the  Leaves,  and  wither'd  Bent  and  Grafs,  which  they  do 
with  a  Match  made  of  the  black  Mofs  that  hangs  on  the  Trees 
in  CW«w,andis  fometimes  above  fix  Foot  long.  This,  when 

dead 


of  North-Carolina, 


207 


dead,  becomes  black,  (the/  of  an  Afh-Colour  before)  and  will 
then  hold  Fire  as  well  as  the  belt  Match  we  have  in  Europe.  Mofs 
In  Places  ,  where  this  Mofs  is  not  found,  fas  towards  theM"w** 
Mountains)  they  make  Lintels  of  the  Bark  of  Cyprefs  beaten, 
which  ferve  as  well.    Thus  they  go  and  fire  the  Woods  for 
many  Miles,  and  drive  the  Deer  and  other  Game  into  fmall 
Necks  of  Land  and  Ifthmus's,  where  they  kill  and  deftroy 
what  they  pleafe.    In  thefe  Hunting-Quarters,  they  have 
their  Wives  and  Ladies  of  the  Camp,  where  they  eat  all  the 
Fruits  and  Dainties  of  that  Country,  and  live  in  all  the  Mirth 
and  Jollity,  which  it  is  poffible  for  fuch  People  to  entertain 
themfelves  withal.    Here  it  is,  that  they  get  their  Comple-  ■ 
ment  of  Deer-Skins  and  Furs  to  trade  with  the  Englifi,  (the 
Deer-Skins  being  in  Seafon  in  Winter,  which  is  contrary  to 
England.)   All  fmall  Game,  as  Turkeys,  Ducks,  and  fmall 
Vermine,  they  commonly  kill  with  Bow  and  Arrow,  think- 
ing it  not  worth  throwing  Powder  and  Shot  after  them.     Of 
Turkeys  they  have  abundance.^  efpecially,  in  Oak-Land,  as 
molt  of  it  is,  that  lies  any  difiance  backwards.  I  have  been 
often  in  their  Hunting-Quarters,  where  a  roafted  or  barba- 
kued  Turkey,  eaten,  with  Bears  Fat,  is  held  a  goodDiftr, 
and  indeed,  I  approve  of  it  very  well  •,  for  the  Bears  Greafe 
is  the  fweeteft  and  leaft  offenfive  to  the  Stomach  (as  I  faid  be- 
fore) of  any  Fat  of  Animals  I  ever  tailed.    The  Savage  Men 
never  beat  their. Corn  to  make  Bread-,  but  that  is  the  Wo- 
mens  Work,  efpecially  the  Girls;  of  whom  you  mall  fee  four 
beating  with  long  great  Peftils  in  a  narrow  wooden  Mortar  J_  ^ 
and  every  one  keeps  her  Stroke  fo  exactly,  that 'tis  worthy  </07j, 
of  Admiration.    Their  Cookery  continues  from  Morning  till 
Night.    The  Hunting  makes  them  hungry }  and  the  Indians 
area  People  that  always  eat  very  often,  not  feldom  getting 
up  at  Midnight,  to  eat.    They  plant  a  great  many  forts  of 
Pulfe,  Part  of  which  they  eat  green  in  the  Summer,  keeping 
great  Quantities  for  their  Winter-Store,  which  they  carry- 
along  with  them  into  the  Hunting-Quarters,  and  eat  them. 

The  fmall  redPeafeis  very  common  with  them,  and  they  eat 
a  great  deal  of  that  and  other  forts  boil'd  with  their  Meat,  or 
eaten  withBearsFat,  which  Food  makes  them  break  Wind  back- 
wards, which  the  Men  frequently  do,  and  laugh  heartily  at  it,it 
being  accounted  no  ill  Manners  amongft  the  Indians:  Yet  the 
Women  are  more  modeft,  than  to  follow  that  ill  Guftom.  At 

Ee  2  their 


O.r 


:>, 


ao8 


An  Account  of  the  Indians 


■  ■ 


!      : 


Servile 

Indians. 


Dryi 

Fruits. 


?igsons 

Fat. 


Bowls  and. 
Tobacco- 
Pipes  to 
make. 
Drefs 
Skins. 


IH 

ii 


their  fetting  out,  they  have  Indians  to  attend  their  Hunting- 
Camp,  that  are  not  good  and  expertHunters ;  therefore  a  re  era- 
ploy'd  to  carry  Burdens,  to  get  Bark  for  the  Cabins,and  other 
Servile  Work ;  alfo  to  go  backward  and  forward)  to  their 
Towns,  to  carry  News  to  the  old  People,  whom  they  leave 
behind  them.  The  Women  are  forced  to  carry  their  Loads  of 
Grain  and  other  Provisions,  and  get  Fire- Wood;  for  a  good 
Hunter,  or  Warriour  in  thefe  Expeditions,  is  employ'd  in  no 
other  Bufinefs,  than  the  Affairs  of  Game  and  Battle.  The- 
wild  Fruits  which  are  dry'd  in  the  Summer,  over  Fires,  on 
Hurdles  and  in  the  Sun,  are  now  brought  into  the  Field  ;  as 
are  likewife  the  Cakes  and  Quiddonies  of  Peaches,  and  that 
Fruit  and  Bilberries  dry'd,  of  which  they  ftew  and  make 
Fruit-Bread  and  Cakes.  In  fome  parts,  where  Pigeons  are 
plentiful,  they  get  of  their  Fat  enough  to  fupply  their  Win- 
ter Stores.  Thus  they  abide  in  thefe  Quarters,  all  the  Win- 
ter long,  till  the  Time  approach  for  planting  their  Maiz  and 
other  Fruits.  In  thefe  quarters,  at  Spare-hours,  the  Women 
make  Baskets  and  Mats  to  lie  upon,  and  thofe  that  are  not 
extraordinary  Hunters,  make  Bowls,  Difhes,  and  Spoons, 
of  Gum-wood,  and  the  Tulip-Tree-;  others  (where  they 
find  a  Vein  of  white  Clay,  fit  for  their  purpofe,make  Tobac- 
co-pipes, all  which  are  often  tranfported  to  other  Indians,  that 
perhaps  have  greater  Plenty  of  Deer  and  other  Game ;  fo  they 
buy  fwith  thefe  Manufactures)  their  raw  Skins,  with  the 
Hair  on,  which  our  neighbouring  Indiani  bring 't©' their 
Towns,  and,  in  the  Summer-time,  make  the  Slaves  and 
forry  Hunters  drefs  them,  the  Winter-Sun  being  not  ftrong 
enough  to  dry  them  ;  and  thofe  that  are  dj?y'd  in  the  Cabins 
are  black  and  nalty  with  the  Lightwood  Smoke,  which  they- 
commonly  burn.  Their  Way  of  dreffing  their  Skins  is  by 
foaking  them  in  Water.,,  fo  they  get  the  Hair  off,  wkh  an 
Inftrument  made  of  the  Bone  of  a  Deer's  Foot ;  yet  fome  ufe 
a  fort  of  Iron  Drawing-Knife,  jwhich  they  purchafeof  the 
Englijb,  and  after  the  Hair  is  off,  they  diffolve  Deers  Brains, 
(whichr-beforehand  are  made  in  a  Cake  and  baked  in  the  Em- 
bers) in  a  Bow4-of  Water,  fo  fbak  the  Skins  therein,  till  the- 
Brains  have  fuck'd  up  the  Water ;  then  they  dry  it  gently, 
and.  keep  working  it  with  an  Oyfter-Shell,  or  ibrne  fuclt 
thing,,  to  fcrape  withal,  till  it  is  dry ;  whereby  it  becomes 
foft  and  pliable..  Yet  thefe  fo  drefs'd  will  not  endure  wet*. 

■:•■"  I-"  but 


- 


of  North-Carolina. 


209 


but  become  hard  thereby,    which  to  prevent,  they  either 
cure  them  in  the  Smoke,  or  tan  them  with  Bark,  as  before  ob- 
ferv'd  •,  not  but  that  young  Indian  Corn,   beaten  to  a  Pulp, 
will  efFed  the  fame  as  the  Brains.    They  are  not  only  good 
Hunters  of  the  wild  Beafts  and  Game  of  the  Foreft,  but  very 
expert  in  taking  the  Fifh  of  the  Rivers  and  Waters  near 
which  they, inhabit,  and  are  acquainted  withal.    Thus  they 
that  live  a  great  way  up  the  Rivers  pradUfe  Striking  Sturgeon 
and:  Rock- fifh,  or  Bafs,  when  they  come  up  the  Rivers  to 
fpawn  ^  befides  the  vaft  Shoals  of  Sturgeon  which  they  kill 
and  take  with  Snares,as  we  do  Pike  in  Europe.  The  Herrings  in 
March  and  April  run  a,  great  way  up  the  Rivers  and  frefh 
Streams  to  fpawn,  where  the  Savages  make  great  Wares,    1 
with  Hedges  that  hinder  their  PafTage,  only  in  the  Middle, 
where  an  artificial  Pound  is  made  to  take  them  m,  fo  that  j^  t0 
they  cannot  return.     This  Method  is  in  ufe  all  over  the  fce&tftrike. 
Streams,  to  catch  Trout  and  the  other  Species  of  Fifh  which 
thofe  Parts  afford.     Their  taking  of  Craw-fiih  is  fo  pleafant,  Cw.-pjh 
that!  cannot  pafs  it  by  without  mention  -,   When  they  have  a  M  uki* 
mind  to  get  thefe  Shell-fifh,  they  take  a  Piece  of  Venifon,  and 
half-barbakue  or  roaft  it ;  then  they  cut  it  into  thin  Slices, 
which  Slices  they  ftick through  with  Reeds  abflut  fix  Inches  a* 
funder,  betwixt  Piece  and  Piece  j  then  the  Reeds  are  made  fharp 
at  one  end.}  and  fo  they  ftick  a  great  many  of  them  down  in 
the  bottom  of  the  Water  (thus  baited)  in  the  fmall  Brooks.    . 
and  Runs,  which  the  Craw-fifh .  frequent.  Thus  the  Indians-  fie 
by,  and  tend  thofe  baited  Sticks,  every  now:  and  "then  taking 
them  up,  to  fee  how  many  are  at  the  Bait  ?  where  they  ge- 
nerally find  abundance  j  fo  take  them  off,  and  put  them  in-  a. 
Basket  for  thepurpofe,  and  ftick.the  Reeds  down  again.   By, 
this  Method,  they  will,  in  a  little  time,  catch  feveral  Bufhels$1 
which  areas  good,  as  any  I  ever  eat.     Thofe  Indians  that. 
frequent  the  Salt- Waters,   take  abundance  of  Fifh.,    %®f#Jtter.a®i 
very  large*  and  of  feveral  forts,  which  to  preferve,  they -firrb*ruiians<> 
barbakue,  then  pull,  the.  Fifh  to  Pieces,  fo  dry  it  in  the  Sun,, 
whereby  it  keeps  for  Tranfportation  •,  as  for  Scate,  Oyfters^. 
Cockles,  and  feveral  forts  of  Shell-fifh,  they  .open- and-dry 
them  upon  Hurdles,  having  a  conftant  Fire  under  them.  The£ 
Hurdles  are  made  of  Reeds  or  Canes  in  the  fhape  of  a  Gridi-- 
ron.     Thus  they  dry  feveral  Bufhels  of  thefe  Fifh,  and.  keep. 
Shem  for  their  Keceffities.  .At  the  time. when  they  are,on-tha 
.  ~     ""  ,  SaltSj, 


2  10 


'  i  !■! 


; 


An  Account  of  the Indians 


Salts-,   and  SeaCoafts,  they.  have  another  Fifhery,  that  is 
BUchmoor  for  a  little  Shell-fifh,  which  thofe  in  England  call  Blackmoors 
Teeth.       Teeth.    Thefe  they. catch  by  tying  Bits  of  Oyfters  to  a 
long  String,  which  they  lay  in  fuch  places,  as,  they  know^ 
thofe  Shell-Fifh  haunt.    Thefe  Fifh  gee  hold  of  the  Oyfters, 
and  fuck  them  in,  fo  that  they  pull  up  thofe  long  Strings,  and 
take  great  Quantities  of  them,  which  they  carry  a  great  way 
into  the  main  Land,  to  trade  with  the  remote  Indians,  where 
they  are  of  great  Value  ;   but  never  near  the  Sea,  by  reafon 
they  are  common,   therefore  not  efteem'd.    Befides,  the 
Youth  and  Indian  Boys  go  in  the  Night,  and  one  holding  a 
Lightwood  Torch,  the  other  has  a  Bow  and  Arrows,  and  the 
Fire  directing  him  to  fee  the  Fifh,  he  {hoots  them  with  the 
Arrows^  and  thus  thgy  kill  a  great  many  of  the  fmaller  Fry, 
and  fometimes  pretty  large  ones.     It  is  an  eftablifh'd  Cuftom 
noteatlf  amongft  a11  triefe  Natives,  that  the  young  Hunter  never 
the  firfl  he  eats  of  that  Buck,  Bear,  Fifh,  or  any  other  Game,  which 
tills.        happens  to  be  the  firft  they  kill  of  that  fort^  becaufe  they 
believe,  if  he  fhould  eat  thereof,  he  would  never  after  be 
fortunate  in  Hunting.     The  like  foolifh  Ceremony  they 
*•    bold,  when  they  have  made  a  Ware  to  take  Fifh  withal  •,  if 
a  big-belly'd  Woman  eat  of  the  firft  Difh  that  is  caught  in  it, 
.     ..  .they  fay,  that  Ware  will  never  take  much  Fifh-,  and  as  for 
Woman killing  of  Snakes,  they  avoid  it,  if  they  lie  in  their  way,  be- 
nevereat  caufe  their  Opinion  is,  that  fome  of  the  Serpents  Kindred 
of  the  firfl  would  kill  fome  of  the  Savages  Relations,  that  mould  deftroy 
Fifh  caught  him  :  They  have  thoufands  of  thefe  foolifh  Ceremonies  and 
Tn*;!mf e'  Beliefs,  which  they  are  ftrid  Obfervers  oft    Moreover^  fe- 
veral  Cuftoms  are  found  in  fome  Families,  which  others  keep 


Indians 

not  kiU 

Snakes 

vohy. 

Circumel- 

fton. 


not  j  as  for  Example,  two  Families  of  the  Machapunga  In- 
dians, ufe  the  Jewijh  Cuftom  of  Gircumcifion,  and  the  reft  do 
not  j  neither  did  I  ever  know  any  others  amongft  the  Indians^ 
that  practis'd  any  fuch  thing}  and  perhaps,  ifyou  ask  them, 
what  is  the  Reafon  they  do  fo,  they  will  make  you  no  Man- 
ner of  Anfwer}  which  is  as  much  as  to  fay,  I  will  not  tell 
you.  Many  other  Cuftoms  they  have,  for  which  they  will 
render  no  Reafon  or  Account ,  and  to  pretend  to  give  a 
true  Defcription  of  their  Religion,  it  is  impoffible ,  for  there 
are  a  great  many  of  their  Abfurdities,  which,  for  fome  Rea- 
fon, they  referve  as  a  Secret  amongft  themfelves  ;  or  other- 
wife,  they  are  jealous  of  their  Weaknefs  in  the  pra&ifing 

them ; 


of  North-Carolina. 


11 1 


them  j   Co  that  they  never  acquaint  any  Chriftian  with  the 
Knowledge  thereof,    let  Writers  pretend  what  they  will ; 
for  I  have  known  them  amongft  their  Idols  and  dead  Kings 
in  their  Ouiogoz.on  for  feveral  Days,  where  I  could  never  get 
Admittance,  to  fee  what  they  were  doing,  though  I  was  at 
great  Friendship  with  the  King  and  great  Men  ,  but  all  my  Indian 
Perfuafions  avaii'd  me  nothing.    Neither  were  any  but  the  idols  give 
King,  with  the  Conjurer,  and  fome  few  old  Men,  in  that  m  ^count 
Houfe ,  as  for  the  young  Men,  and  c  hie  felt  Numbers  of  the  °J' 
Indians,  they  were  kept  as  ignorant  of  what  the  Elders  were 
doing,  as  myfelf. 

They  all  believe,  that  this  World  is  round,  and  that  thereto  Woril 
are  two  Spirits ;  the  one  good,  the  other  bad  :  The  good  one  «  rouril- 
they  reckon  to  be  the  Author  and  Maker  of  every  thing,  and 
fay,  that  it  is  he,  that  gives  them  the  Fruits  of  -the  Earth, 
and  has  taught  them  to  hunt,  filh,  and  be  wife  enough  to  over- 
power theBeaftsof  the  Wildernefs,  and  all  other  Creatures*  wfe  they 
that  they  maybe  affiftant,  and  beneficial  to  Man,  to  which  bsheveof 
they  add,  that  the  Ouera-,  or  good  Spirit,  has  been  very  kind  ^v.    r 
to  the  Englifl)  Men,  to  teach  them  to  make  Guns,  and  Am-yen>^ 
munition,  befides  a  great  many  other  Neceflaries,  that  are  idols, 
helpful  to  Man,   all  which,  they  fay,  will  be  delivered  to 
them,  when  that  good  Spirit  fees  fit.    They  do  not  believe, 
that  God  punilhes  any  Man  either  in  this  Life,  or  that  to 
come,  but  that  he  delights  in  doing  good,  and  in  giving  the 
Fruits  of  the  Earth,  and  inftructing  us  in  making  feveral  ufe- 
ful  and  ornamental  things'.    They  fay,  it  is  a  bad  Spirit  (who       „? 
lives  leparate  from  the  good  one)  that  torments  us  with  Sick-   jj^ 
Defies,  Difappointments ,    Lofles,  Hunger,  Travel,  and  all 
the  Misfortunes,    that  Humane  Life  is  incident  to.    How 
they  are  treated  in  the  next  World,  I  have  already  mention'd, 
and,  as  I  faid  before,  they  are  very  refolute  in  dying,  when 
in  the  Hands  of  Savage  Enemies ,  yet  I  faw  one  of  their 
young  Men,  a  very  likely  Perfon,  condemn'd,  on  a  Sunday,  for 
Killing  a  Negro,  and  burning  the  Houfe.   I  took  good  Notice  J^S^, 
of  his  Behaviour,  when  he  was  brought  out  of  the  Houfe  to ' 
die ,   which   was  the  next  Morning  after  Sentence,  but  he 
chang'd  his  Countenance  with  Trembling,  and  was  in  the 
■greatefl  Fear  and  Agony.   I  never  faw  any  Perfon  under  his 
Circumftances,  which,  perhaps,  might  be  occafion'd  by   his 
being  deliver'd  up  by  his  own  Nation  (which  was  the  Tush- 

ruro's) 


1\1 


An  Account  of  the  Indians 


. 


Turd's)  and  executed  by  us,  that  are  not  their  common  Ene- 
mies, though  he  met  with  more  Favour  than  he  would  have 
rec.eiv'd  at. the  Hands  of  Savages  ;  for  he  was  only  han^'d  on 
'  a  Tree,  near  the  Place  where  the  Murder  was  committed  • 
and  the  three  Kings,  that  but  the  day  before  fhew'd  fuch  a 
Reludtancy  to  deliver  him  up,  (but  would  have  given  another 
■in  his  Room)  when  he  was  hang'd,  pull'd  him  by  the  Hand 
and  faid,  Thou  wilt  never  flay  any  more  Rogues  Tricks  in  this 
World  •,    -whither  art  thou  gone  to  flew  thy  Trtch  now  ?     Which 
fhevvs  thefe  Savages  to  be  what  they  really  are,  (viz.)  a  Peo- 
ple that  will  fave  their  own  Men  if  they  can,  but  if  the  Safety 
of  all  the  People  lies  at  Stake,  they  will  deliver  up  the  moft 
innoeeiit  Perfon  living,  and  be  fo  far  from  Concern,  when 
they  have  made  themfelves  eafy  thereby,  that  they  will  laugh 
at  their  Misfortunes,  and  never  pity  or  think  of  them  more. 
Their  Priefts  are  the  Conjurers  and  Dodrors  of  the  Nation* 
cfn^ers  l  fhal1  mention  forae  of  their  Methods,  and  Practices  ;  and  fo 
J    '  'leave  them  to  the  Judgment  of  the  Reader.    As  I  told  you 
before,  the  Priefts  make  their  Orations  at  every  Feaft,  or  o- 
ther  great  Meeting  of  the  Indians.    I  happen'd  to  be  at  one 
of  thefe  great  Meetings,  which  was  at  the  Funeral  of  a  Tuf- 
Indian     keruro  Indian,  that  was  flain  with  Lightning  at  a  Feaft    the 
L!chat8,d:iy  before'  where  I  was  amongft  the  reft  •  it  was  in  July, 
tooka,**  and  a  very  fairday>  where,  in  the  Afternoon,  about  fix  or 
a  Feaft  for^ven  a  Clock,  as  they  were  dealing  out  their  Victuals,  there 
rebuilding  appear'd  a  little  black  Cloud  to  the  North  Weft,  which  fpread 
a  Ki"g's  and  brought  with  it  Rain,  Wind  and  Lightning;  fo  we  went 
out  from  the  Place  where  we  were  all  at  Victuals,  and  went 
down  to  the  Cabins  where  I  left  the  Indians,  and  went  to  lie 
in  my  Canoe,  which  was  convenient  enough  to  keep  me  dry. 
The  Lightning  came  fo  terrible,  and  down  in  long  Streams, 
that  I  was  afraid  it  would  have  taken  hold  of  a  Barrel  of 
Powder  I  had  in  my  VefTel,  and  fo  blown  me  up-,  but  it 
pleas'd  God,  that  it  did  me  no  Harm ;  yet  the  Violence  of 
the  Wind  had  blown  all  the  Water  away,  where  I  rid  at  An- 
chor, fo  that  my  Canoe  lay  dry,  and  fome  Indian  Women 
came  with  Torches  in  their  Hands  to  the  fide  of  the  Canoe, 
and  told  me,  an  Indian  was  kill'd  with  Lightning.    The  next 
day,  (I  think)  he  was  buried,  and  I  ftay'd  to  fee  the  Cere- 
mony, and  was  very  tractable  to  help  the  Indians  to  trim  their 
Reeds,  and  make  the  Coffin,  which  pleafed  them  very  much, 

bein 


Bonjs 
burnt. 


o 


of  North-Carolina. 


i-i 


becaufe  I  had  a  mind  to  fee  the  Interment.    Before  he  was  In- 
terr'd  according  to  their  Cultom,  they  dealt  every  one  fome 
hot  Viftuals,  which  he  took  and  did  what  he  would  with : 
Then  the  Do&or  began  to  talk,  and  told  the  People  what 
•Lightning  was,  and  that  it  kill'd  every  thing  that  dwelt  upon 
the  Earth  j  nayv  the  very  Fifties  did  not  efcape  •,  for  it  often 
reach'd  the  Porpoifes  and  other  Fifh,  and  deftroy'd  them  ; 
that  every  thing  ftrove  to  fhun  it,  except  the  Mice,  who, 
he  faid,  were  the  bufieft  in  eating  their  Corn  in  the  Fields, 
when  it  lightned  the  moft.    He  added,  that  no  Wood  or 
Tree  could  withftand  it,  except  the  black  Gum,  and  that  it 
would  run  round  that  Tree  a  great  many  times,  to  enter 
therein,  but  could  not  effect  it.    Now  you  muffc  underftand, 
that  fort  of  Gum  will  not  fplit  or  rive ;  therefore,  I  fuppofe, 
the  Story  might  arife  from  thence.    At  laft,  he  began  to  tell 
the  molt  ridiculous  abfurd  Parcel  of  Lyes  about  Lightning, 
that  could  be  j   as  that  an  Indian  of  that  Nation  had  once 
got  Lightning  in  the  Likenefs  of  a   Partridge  \  That  no  o- 
ther  Lightning  could  harm  him,  whilft  he  had  that  about 
him  •,  and  that  after  he  had  kept  it  for  feveral  Years,  it  got 
away  from  him  \  fo  that  he  then  became  as  liable  to  be  ftruck 
with  Lightning,  as  any  other  Perfon.    There  was  prefent  at 
the  fame  time,  an  Indian  that  had  liv'd  from  his  Youth,  chiefly 
in  an  Englijh  Houfe  ^  fo  I  call'd  to  him,  and  told  him,  what  a 
Parcel  of  Lyes  the  Conjurer  told,  not  doubting  but  he  thought 
fb,  as  well  as  I,  but  I  found  to  the  contrary  ^  for  he  reply'd, 
that  I  was  much  miftaken,  for  that  old  Man  f  who,  I  believe 
was  upwards  of  an  hundred  Years  old)  did  never  tell  Lyes  ^ 
and  as  for  what  he  faid,  it  was  very  true,  for  he  knew  it 
himfelf  to  be  fo.   Thereupon,  feeing  the  Fellow's  Ignorance,  ■f/owhilrd 
I  talk'd  no  more  about  it.    Then  the  Dodor  proceeded  to^i^e 
tell  a  long  Tale  of  a  great  Rattle-Snake,  which,  a  great  Indians 
while  ago,  liv'd  by  a  Creek  in  that  River  ( which was  New)  from  their 


and  that  it  kill'd  abundance  of  Indians  \  but  at  laft,  a  bald^i^*" 
Eagle  kill'd  it,  and  they  were  rid  of  a  Serpent,  thatus'd  to^f*) 
devour  whole  Canoes  full  of  Indians,  at  a  time.   I  have  been  snakekiB 
fomething  tedious  upon  this  Subject,  on  purpofe  to  fhew  what  Indians  ot 
ftrange  ridiculous  Stories  thefe  Wretches  are  inclinable  to  canoes. 
believe.    I  fuppofe,  thefe  Doctors  underftand  a  little  better  Ea&ksm- 
themfelves,  than  to  give  Credit  to  any  fuch  Fooleries ;  for IU 
I  reckon  them  the  cunningeft  Knaves  in  all  the  Pack.  I  will 

Ff  there- 


314 


An  Account  of  the  Indians 


therefore  begin  with  their  Phyfick  and  Surgery,  which  is 
next:  You  mufl  know,  that  the  Do&ors  or  Conjurers,  to 
Indian  gain  a  greater  Credit  amongft  thefe  People,  tell  them,  that 
Fbyfick  and  all  Diftempers  are  the  Effects  of  evil  Spirits,  or  the  bad  Spi- 
Smgery,  rjtj  which  has  ftruck  them  with  this  or  that  Malady  ^there- 
fore, none  of  thefe  Phyficians  undertakes  any  Diftemper, 
but  that  he  comes  to  an  Exorcifm,  to  effect  the  Cure;,  and 
acquaints  the  lick  Party's  Friends,  that  he  mull  converfe  with 
the  good  Spirit,  to  know  whether  the  Patient  will  recover  or 
not  •,  if  fo,  then  he  will  drive  out  the  bad  Spirit,  and  the 
Patient  will  become  well.  Now,  the  general  way  of  their 
Behaviour  in  curing  the  Sick,  (a  great  deal  of  which  1  have 
feen,  and  fliall  give  fome  Account  thereof,  in  as  brief  a  man- 
ner as  poffible)  is,  when  an  Indian  is  lick,  if  they  think  there 
Is  much  Danger  of  Life,  and  that  he  is  a  great  Man  or  hath 
good  Frieds.,  the  Doctor  is  fent  for.  As  foon  as  the  Doctor 
comes  into  the  Cabin,  the  fick  Perfon  is  fat  on  a  Mat  or  Skin, 
ftark-naked,  lying  on  his  Back,  and  all  uncover'd,  except  fome 
fmail  Trifle  that  covers  their  Nakednefs  when  ripe,  otherwife 
In  very  young  Children,  there  is  nothing  about  them.  In  this 
manner,  the  Patient  lies,  when  the  Conjurer  appears ;  and 
the  King  of  that  Nation  comes  to  attend  him  with  a  Rattle 
made  of  a  Gourd  with  Peafe  in  it.  This  the  King  delivers 
into  the  Do&or's  Hand,  whilft  another  brings  a  Bowl  of 
Water,  and  fets  it  down:  Then  the  Doctor, begins,  and  ut- 
ters fome  few  Words  very  foftly  \  afterwards  he  fmellsof  the 
Patient's  Navel  and  Belly,  and  fometimes  fcarifies  him  a  lit- 
tle with  a  Flint,  or  an  Inftrument  made  of  Rattle-Snakes 
Teeth  for  that  purpofe  -,sthen  he  fucks  the  Patient,  and  gets 
out  a  Mouthful  of  Blood  and  Serum,  but  Serum  chiefly  :,  which, 
perhaps,  may  be  abetter  Method  in  many  Cafes,  than  to  take 
away  great  Quantities  of  Blood,  as  is  commonly  pradtis'd  :, 
which  he  fpits  in  the  Bowl  of  Water.  Then  he  begins  to  .mut- 
ter, and  talk  apace,  and,  atlaft,  to  cut  Capers,  and  clap  his 
Hands  on  his  Breech  and  Sides,  till  he  gets  into  a  Sweat,  fo 
that  a  Stranger  would  think  he  was  running  mad  •,  now  and 
t-hen  fucking  the  Patient,  and  fo,  at  times,  keeps  fucking* 
till  he  has  got  a  great  Quaatity  of  very  ill-coloured  Mat- 
ter out  of  the  Belly,  Arms,  Breaft,  Forehead,  Temples, 
Neck,  and  moll  Parts,  ftiil  continuing  his  Grimaces,  and 
antick  Poftures,  which  are  not  to  be  match'd  in  Bedlam  :  At 
Iair3  you  will  fee  tfee  Doctor  sail  over  of  a  dropping  Sweat,  and 

fcarce 


Conyurmg 
svsr  the 


of  North-Carolina. 


015 


fcarce  able  to  utter  one  Word,  having  quite  fpent  himfelf  j 
then  he  will  ceafe  for  .a  while,  and  fo  begin  again,  till  he 
comes  in  the  fame  Pitch,  of  Raying  and  feemin'g  Madnefs,  as 
before,  fall  this  time  the  fick  Body  never  fo  much  as  moves, 
although,  doubtlefs,  the  Lancing  and  Sucking  mult  be  a 
great  Punilhment  to  them  \  but  they,  certainly,  are  the  pa- 
tienteit  and  moft  fteady  People  under  any  Burden,  that  I 
ever  faw  in  my  Life.)  Atlaft,  the  Conjurer  makes  an  end, 
and  tells  the  Patient's  Friends,  whether  the  Peribn  will  whether 
live  or  die  ^  and  then  one  that  waits  at  this  Ceremony,  takes livs  sr  die- 
the  Blood  away,  (which  remains  in  a  Lump,  in  the  mid- 
dle of  the  Water)  and  buries  it  in  the  Ground,  in  a 
Place  unknown  to  any  one,  but  he  that  inters  it.  Now,  iBury.th?. 
believe  a  great  deal  of  Impofture  in  thefe  Fellows ;  yet  I  ne-Serum- 
ver  knew  their  Judgment  fail,  though!  have  feen  them  give 
their  Opinion  after  this  Manner,  feveral  times :  Some  affirm, 
that  there  is  a  fmell  of  Brimftone  in  the  Cabins,  when  they  are 
Conjuring,  which  I  cannot  contradift.  Which  way  it  may 
come,  I  will  not  argue,  but  proceed  to  a  Relation  or  two, 
which  I  have  from  a  great  many  Perfons,  and  fome  of  them 
worthy  of  Credit. 

The  firll  is,  of  a  certain  Indian,  that  one  rainy  Night,  Indian  ^ 
undermin'd  a  Houfe  made  of  Logs,  (fuch  as  the  Swedes  in  Rgbbey,, 
America  very  often  make,  and  are-  very  ftrong)  which  J>e- 
long'd  to  Seth  Southwell,  Efqi  Governor  of  North-Carolina* 
and  one  of  the  Proprietors.  There  was  but  one  place 
the  Indian  could  get  in  at,  which  was  very  narrow  •,  the  reft 
wasfecur'd,  by  having  Barrels  of  Pork  and  other  Proviflons. 
fet  againft  the  fide  of  the  Houfe,  fo  that  if  this  Indian  had  not 
exa&ly  hit  the  very  Place  heundermin'd,  it  had  been  impoffi- 
ble  for  him  to  have  got  therein,  becaufe  of  the  full  Barrels 
that  ftood  round  the  Houfe,  and  barricadoed  it  within.  The 
Indian  ftole  fixty  or  eighty  drefs'd  Deer-Skins,  befides  Blan- 
kets, Powder,  Shot  and  Rum,  (this  being  the  Indian  Store- 
Houfe,  where  the  Trading  Goods  were  kept.)  Now,  the  In- 
dian had  made  his  Efcape,  but  dropt  fome  of  the  Skins  by 
the  way,  and  they  track'd  his  Foot-fteps,  and  found  him  to 
be  an- Indian ;  then  they  guefs'd  who  it  was,- becaufe  none 
but  that  Indian  had  lately  been  near  the  Houfe.  Thereupon, 
the  Governor  fent  to  the  Indian  Town  that  he  belong'd  to, 
which  was  the  Tuskerwo%  and  acquainted  them  that  if  they 
did  not  deliver  up  the  Indian,  who  had   committed   the 

F  f  2  Rob- 


2l6 


An  Account  of  the  Indians 


for  ftoln 


Robbery,  he  would  take  a  Courfe  with  them,  that  would  not 
be  very  agreeable.  Upon  this,  the  Indians  of  the  Town  he 
belong'd  to,  brought  him  in  bound,  and  deliverd  him  up  to 
the  Governor,  who  laid  him  in  Irons.  At  the  fame  time,  it 
happen'd,  that  a  Robbery  was  committed  a mongft  therafelyes, 
at  the  IndianTowa,  and  this  Prifoner  was  one  of  their  Con- 
jurers \  fo  the  Indians  came  down  to  the  Governor's  Houfe, 
and  acquainted  him  with  what  had  happen'd  amongit  them, 
and  that  a  great  Quantity  of  leak,  was  ftoln  away  out  of  one 
of  their  Cabins,  and  no  one  could  find  out  the  Thief,  unlefs 
he  would  let  the  Prifoner  conjure  for  it,  who  was  the  only- 
Man  they  had  at  making  fuch  Difcoveries.  The  Governor 
was  content  he  mould  try  his  Skill  for  them,  but  not  to  have 
the  Prifoners  Irons  taken  off,  which  was  very  well  approved' 
of.  The  Indian  was  brought  out  in  his  Fetters,  where  were 
the  Governor's  Family,  and  feveral  others  of  the  Neigh- 
bourhood, now  living,  to  fee  this  Experiment  5  which  he 
perform'd  thus : 

The  Conjurer  order'd  three  Fjres  to  be  made  in  a  trian- 
gular Form,  which  was  accordingly  done ;  then  he  was  hood- 
wink'd  very  fecurely,  with  a  drefs'd  Deer-Skin,  two  or 
three  doubles,  over  his  Face.  After  he  had  made  fome 
Motions,  as  they  always  do,  he  went  directly  out  of  one  of 
the  three  Gaps,  as  exactly  as  if  he  had  not  been  blindfolded* 
and  kept  muttering  to  himfelf,  having  a  Stick  in  his  Hand, 
with  which,  after  fome  time,  he  ftruck  two  Strokes  very  hard 
apon  the  Ground,  and  made  thereon  a  Crofs,  after  which  he 
told  the  Indians  Name  that  had  ftoln  the  Goods,  and  faid, 
that  he  would  have  a  Crofs  on  his  Back  •,  which  prov'd  true  5 
for  when  they  took  and  fearch'd  him,  there  appear'd  two 
great  Wheals  on  his  Back,  one  crofs  the  other ;  for  the 
Thief  was  at  Governor  Southwell's  Houfe,  and  was  under  no 
Apprehenfion  of  being  difcover'd.  The  Indians  profFer'd  to 
fell  him  as  a  Slave  to  the  Governor,  but  he  refufed  to  buy 
him  i  fo  they  took  him  bound  away. 

Another  Inftance,  of  the  like  Nature,  happen'd  at  the 
fame  Houfe.  One  of  the  Tvshruro  Kings  had  brought  in  a 
Slave  to  the  fame  Governor,  to  whom  he  had  fold  him -,  and 
before  he  return'd,  fell  fick  at  the  Governor's  Houfe ;  upon 
which,  the  Do&or  that  belong'd  to  this  King's  Nation,  was 
fent  for,  being  a  Man  that  was  held  to  be  the  greateft  Conju- 
re? 


of  North- Carolina. 


217 


rer  amongfl:  them.  It-  was  three  Days,  before  he  could  ar- 
rive, and  he  appear'd  (when  he  came)  to  be  a  very  little 
Man,  and  To  old,  that  his  Hair  was  as  white  as  ever  was  feen. 
When  he  approach'd  the  fickKing,  he  order'd  a  Bowl  of  Wa- 
ter to  be  brought  him,  and  three  Chunks  of  Wood,  which 
was  immediately  do;ie..  Then  he  took  the  Water,  and  let  ic  by 
him,  and  fpurted  a  little  on  him,  and  with  the  three  Pieces 
of  Wood,  he  made  a  Place  to  Hand  on,  whereby  he  was  rais'd 
higher ;  (he  being  a  very  low  ftatur'd  Man)  then  he  took 
a  String  of  Ronoak,  which  is  the  fame  as  a  String  of  fmall  Beads ; 
this  he  held  by  one  End,  between  his  Fingers;,  the  other  End 
touch'd  the  King's  Stomach,  as  he  ftood  on  the  Logs.  Then 
he  began  to  talk,  and  at  lengthj  the  By-ftanders  thought 
really,  that  they  heard  fomebody  talk  to  him,  but  faw  no  more 
than,  what  firft  came  in.  At  laft,  this  String  of  Beads,  which 
hung  thus  perpendicular,  turn'd  up  as  an  Eel  would  do,  and 
without  any  Motion  of  his,  they  came  all  up  (in  a  lump)  un- 
der his  Hand,  and  hung  fo  for  a  confiderable  time,  he  never 
clofing  his  Hand,  and  at  length  return'd  to  their  priftine 
Length  and  Shape,  at  which  the  Spectators  were  much  fright- 
ned.  Then  he  told  the  Company,  that  he  would  recover, 
and  that  his  Diftemper  would  remove  into  his  Leg,  all  which. 
happen'd  to  be  exactly  as  the  IndianDodior  had  told.  Thefe 
are  Matters  of  Fadt,  and  I  can,  at  this  day,  prove  the  Truth, 
thereof  by  feveral  fubftantial  Evidences,  that  are  Men  of  Re* 
putation,  there  being  more  than  a  dozen  People  prefent, 
when  this  was  perform'd  j  moll  of  whom  are  now  alive. 

There  are  a  great  many  other  Stories,  of  this  Nature, 
which  are  feemingly  true,  being  told  by  Perfons  that  affirm 
they  were  Eye-Witnefles  thereof  ;  as,  that  they  have  feen 
one  RoncommecJi  (a  Chutvou  Indian,  and  a  great  Conjurer)  take 
a  Reed  about  two  Foot  long  in  his  Mouth,  and  Hand  by  a  Salmon 
Creek- fide,  where  he  call'd  twice  or.  thrice  with  the  Reed  in  Creek. 
his  Mouth  j  and,  at  laft,  has  open'd  his  Arms,  and  fled  over 
the  Creek,  which  might  be  near  a  quarter  of  a  Mile  wide  or 
more  }  but  I  mall  urge  no  Man's  Belief,    but  tell  my  own; 
which  is,  that  I  believe  the  two  firft  Accounts,  which  were 
acted  at  Mr.  Southwell's  Plantation,  as  firmly  as  any  Man  can' 
believe  any  thing  of  that  which  is  told  him  by  honeft  Men,  and  " 
he  has  not  feen y  not  at  all  doubting  the  Credit  of  my  Au- 
thor. 

The. 


2*8 


An  Account  of  the  Indians 


ScaldHead 
cured. 


Noulcera- 

ted 

Wounds. 


Vox  to 

cure. 


Indian 
cure  an 
VJcer. 


Cure  in 
Mary- 
land. 


in 


The  Cures  I  have  feen  perform'd  by  the  Indians,  are  too 
many  to  repeat  here;  fo  I  ihall  only  mention  Tome  few,  and 
their  Method.    They  cure  Scald-heads  infallibly,  and-  never 
mifs.    Their  chief  Remedy  as  I  have  feen  them  make  ufe  of, 
is,  the  Oil  of  Acorns,  but  from  which  fort  of  Oak  I  am  not 
certain.     They  cure  Burns  beyond  Credit.     1  have  feen  a  Man 
burnt  in  fuch  a  manner,  (when  drunk)  by  falling  into  a  Fire, 
that  I  did  not  think  he  could  recover  ;  yet  they  cnrM  him  in 
ten  Days,  fo  that  he  went  about.     I  knew  another  blown  up 
with  Powder,  that  was  cured  to  Admiration.    I  never  faw  art 
Indian  have  an  Ulcer,  or  foul  Wound  in  my  Life  •,  neither  is 
there  any  fuch  thing  to  be  found  amongft  them.    They  cure 
the  Pox,  by   a  Berry  that  falivates,  as  Mercury  does ;    yet 
they  ufe  Sweating  and  Deco&ions  very  much  with  it  ;  as  they 
do,  almofton  every  Oecafion  ;  and  when  they  are  thoroughly 
heated,  they  leap  into  the  River.     The  Pox  is  frequent  in 
fome  of  thefe  Nations  •,  amongft  which  I  knew  one  Woman 
die  of  it ;  and  they  could  not,  or  would  not,  cure  her.    Be- 
fore fhe  died,  fhe  was  worn  away  to  a  Skeleton,  yet  walk'd  up 
and  down  to  the  laft.   We  had  a  Planter  in  Carolina,  who  had 
got  an  Ulcer  in  his  Leg,  which  had  troubled  him  a  great 
many  Years  •,  at  laft,  he  apply'd  himfelf  to  one  of  thefe  In- 
dian Conjurers,  who  was  a  Pampticougb  Indian,  and  was  not 
to  give  the  Value  of  fifteen  Shillings  for  the  Cure.    Now,  I 
am  not  pofitive,  whether  he  wafh'd  the  Ulcer  with  any  thing, 
before  he  ufed  what  I  am  now  going  to  fpeak  of,  which 
was  nothing  but  the  rotten  doated  Grains  of  Indian  Corn, 
beaten  to  Powder,  and  the  foft  Down  growing  on  a  Turkey's 
Rump.   This  dry^d  the  Ulcer  up  immediately,  and  no  other 
Fontanel  was  made  todifcharge  the  Matter,  he  remaining  a 
healthful  Man,  till  the  time  he  had  the  Misfortune  to  be 
drown'd,  which  was  many  Years  after.    Another  Inftance 
(not  of  my  own  Knowledge,  but  I  had  it  confirm'd  by  feve- 
ral  Dwellers  m  Maryland,  where  it  was  done)  was,  of  an  honeft 
Planter  that  had  been,  poflefs'd  with  a  ftrange  Lingring  Di- 
ftemper,  not  ufual  amongft  them,  under  which  he_  emacia- 
ted, and  grew  every  Month  worfe  than  another,  it  having 
held  him  feveral  Years,  in  which  time  he  had  made  Tryal  of 
feveral  Do&ors,  as  they  call  them,  which,  I  fuppofe,  were 
Ship-Surgeons.    In  the  beginning  of  this   Diftemper,   the 
Patient  was  very  well  to  pafs,  and  was  poflefs'd  of  feveral 

Slaves, 


of  North-Girolina. 


219 


Slaves,  which  the  Do&ors  purged  all  away,  and  the  poor 
Man  was  fo  far  from  mending,  that  he  grew  worfe  and  worfe 
every  day.  But  it  happen'd,  that,  one  day,  as  his  Wife  and 
he  were  commiferating  his  miferable  Condition,  and  that  he 
could  not  expefr  to  recover ,  but  look'd  for  Death  very 
fpeedily,  and  condoling  the  Mifery  he  mould  leave  his  Wife 
and  Family  in,  fince  all  his  Negro's  were  gone.  At  that 
time,  I  fay,  it  happen'd,  that  an  Indian  was  in  the  fame 
Room,  who  had  frequented  the  Houfe  |for  many  Years,  and 
fo  was  become  as  one  of  the  Family,  and  would  fometimes  be 
at  this  Planter's  Houfe,  and  at  other  times  amongft  the  In- 
dians. 

This  Savage,  hearing  what  they  talk'd  of,  and  having  a" 
great  Love  for  the  Sick  Man,  made  this  Reply  to  what  he 
had  heard.  Brother •,  you  have  been  a  long  time  Sick  j  and,  I  know, 
you  have  (riven  away  your  Slaves  to  your 'English  Doctors:  What 
made  you  do  fo,  and  now  become  poor  ?  They  do  not  know  how  to 
cure  you  ;  for  it  is  an  Indian  Diftemper,  which  your  People  know 
not  the  Nature  of.  If  it  had  been  an  Engliih  Difsafe,  probably 
they  could  have  cured  you  ;  and  had  you  come  to  me  at fir ft ';  I  would 
have  cured  you  for  a  frnall  matter-,  without  taking  away  your  Ser- 
vants that  made  Corn' for  you  and  your  Family  to  eat  ,  and  yet.;  if 
you  will  give  me  a  Blanket  to  keep  me  warm.,  and  fome  Powder 
and  Shot  to  kilt  Deer  withal,  1  will  do  my  be  ft  to  make  you  well  ftilL 
The  Man  was  low  in  Courage  and  Pocket  too,  and  made  the 
Indian  this  Reply.  Jack-,  my  Diftemper  is  paft  Cure^  and  if  our 
Engliih  Doclors  cannot  cure  it,  I  am  fare-,  the  Indians  cannot. 
But  his  Wife  accolted  her  Husband  in  very  mild  term?,  and 
told  him,  he  did  not  know,  but  God  might  be  pleafed  to  give 
a  Bleffing  to  that  Indian's  Undertaking  more  than  *he  had 
done  to  the  Englifh;  and  farther  added  ;  if  you  die,  I  cannot 
be  much  more  referable,  by  giving  this  fm all  matter  to  the  Indian  :, 
fo  I  pray  you,  my  Dear,  take  my  Advice,  and  try  him  ',  to  which, 
by  :her  Peffuafions,  he  confented.  After  the  Bargain  was  con- 
cluded, the  Indian  went  into  the  Woods,  and  brought  in  both 
Herbs  and  Roots,  of  which  he  made  a  Decodion,  and  gave 
it  the  Man  to  drink,  and  bad  him  go  to  bed,  faying,,  k  mould 
not  be  long,  before  became,  again,  which  the  Patient  per- 
form'd  as  he  had  ordered  }.and  the  Potion  he  had  adminiftred 
made  him  fweat  after  the  molt  violent  manner  that  could 
be,  whereby  he  fmell'd  very  offenfively  both  to  himfelf,  and 

they , 


120 


An  Account  of  the  Indians 


they  that  were  about  him  ;  but  in  the  Evening,  towards 
.  Night ,  Jack  came,  with  a  great  Rattle-Snake  in  his  Hand 
alive,  which  frightned  the  People  almolt  out  of  their  Senfes"; 
and  he  told  his  Patient,  that  he  muft  take  that  to  Bed  to 
him;  at  which  the  Man  was  in  a  great  Gonfternation,  and 
Cure  by  a  told  the  Indian^  he  was  refolv'd,  to  let  no  Snake  come  into 
snake-  fcs  gecj^  for  he  might  as  well  die  of  the  DiTtemper  he  had, 
as  be  kill'd  with  the  Bite  of  that  Serpent.  To  which  the 
Indian  reply'd,  he  could  not  bite  him  now,  nor  do  him  any 
Harm  \  for  he  had  taken  out  his  Poifon-teeth,  and  ihew'd 
him,  that  they  were  gone.  At  laft,  with  much  Perfuafion, 
he  admitted  the  Snake's  Company ,  which  the  Indian  put 
about  his  Middle,  and  order'd  nobody  to  take  him  away 
upon  any  account,  which  was  ftridtly  obferv'd ,  although 
the  Snake  girded  him  as  bard  for  a  great  while)  as  if  he  had 
been  drawn  in  by  a  Belt,  which  one  pull'd  at,  with  all  his 
ftrength.  At  laft,  the  Snake's  Twitches  grew  weaker  and 
weaker,  till,  by  degrees,  he  felt  him  not  -0  and  opening  the 
Bed,  he  was  found  dead,  and  the  Man  thought  himfelf  bet- 
ter. The  Indian  came  in  the  Morning,  and  feeing  the  Snake 
dead,  told  the  Man,  that  his  Diftemper  was  dead  along 
with  that  Snake,  which  prov'd  fo  as  he  faid  •,  for  the  Man 
fpeedily  recover'd  his  Health,  and  became  perfe&ly  well. 
•  They  cure  the  Spleen  (which  they  are  much  addi&ed  to ) 
spleen how^Y  burning  with  a  Reed.  They  lay  the  Patient  on  his  Back, 
aire.  fo  put  a  hollow  Cane  into  the  Fire,  where  they  burn  the 
End  thereof,  till  it  is  very  hot,  and  on  Fire  at  the  end.  Then 
they  lay  a -Piece  of  thin  Leather  on  the  Patient's  Belly,  be- 
tween the  Pit  of  the  Stomach  and  the  Navel,  fo  prefs  the 
hot  Reed  on  the  Leather,  which  burns  the  Patient  fo  that 
you  may  ever  after  fee  the  ImprefTion  of  the  Reed  where  it 
Colouring  was  laid  on,  which  Mark  never  goes  off  fo  long  as  he  lives. 
of  the  Thisisufed  for  theBelly-Ach  fometimes.  They  can  colour 
their  Hair  Mack,  though  fometimes  it  is  reddifh,  which  they 
do  with  the  Seed  of  a  Flower  that  grows  commonly  in  their 
Plantations.  I  believe  this  would  change  the  reddeft  Hair 
into  perfect  black.  They  make  ufe  of  no  Minerals  in  their 
Phyfick,  and  not  much  of  Animals  \  but  chiefly  rely  on  Ve- 
getables. They  have  feveral  Remedies  for  the  Tooth-ach, 
which  often  drive  away  the  Pain ,  but  if  they  fail,  they  have 
Recourfe  to  punching  out  the  Tooth,  with  a  fmall  Cane  fet 

againffc 


Hrir. 


Not  many 

Tears, 

Ro\ins, 


of  North-Carolina. 


aa 


againft  the  fame,  on  a  Bit  of  Leather.    Then  they  ftrike  the 
Reed,  and  To  drive  out  the  Tooth  ;  and  howfoever  it  may 
feem  to  the  Europeans,  I  prefer  it  before  the  com  mon  way  of 
drawing  Teeth  by  thofe  Instruments  than  endanger  the  jaw, 
and.  a  Flux  of  Blood  often  follows,  which  this  Method  of  a 
Punch  never  is  attended  withal ;  neither  is  it  half  the  Pain. 
The  Spontaneous  Plants  of  America  the  Savages  are    well 
acquainted  withal;  and  a  Flux  of  Blood  never  follows  any  of 
their  Operations.    They  are  wholly  Strangers  to  Amputa- 
tion, and  for  what  natural  KTues  of  Blood  happen  immode- 
rately, they  are  not  to  feek  for  a  certain  and  fpeedy  Cure. 
Tears,  Rozins,  and  Gums,  I  have  not  difcover'd  that  they 
make  much  ufe  of ;    And  as  for  Purging  and  Emeticks,  fo 
much  in  fafhion  with  us,  they  never  apply  themfelves  to,  un- 
lefs  in  drinking  vaft Quantities  of  their  Yaupon. or  Tea,  amdrMP0}f< 
vomiting  it  up  again,  as  clear  as  they  drink  it.    This  is  a 
Cuftom  amongfl:  all  thofe  that  can  procure  that  Plant,  in 
which  manner  they  take  it  every  other  Morning,  or  oftner  ; 
by  which  Method  they  keep  their  Stomachs  clean,  without 
pricking  the  Coats,  and  ftraining  Nature,  as  every  Purge  is 
anEnemy  to.    Betides,  the  great  Diuretick  Quality  of  their 
Tea  carries  off  a  great  deal,  that  perhaps  might  prejudice 
their  Health,  by  Agues,  and  Fevers,  which  all  watry  Coun- 
tries areaddi&ed  to  ,  for  which  reafon,  I  believe,  it  is,  that 
the  Indians  are  not  fo  much  addifted  to  that  Diltemper,  as 
we  are,  they  preventing  its  feizing  upon  them,  by  this  Plant 
alone.     Moreover,  I  have  remark'd,  that  it  is  only  thofe 
Places  bordering  on  the  Ocean  and  great  Rivers,  that  this 
Diltemper  is  frequent  in,  and  only  on  and  near  the  fame 
Places  this  Evergreen  is  to  be  founds  and  none  up  towards 
the  Mountains,  where  thefe  Agues  feldom  or  never  appear ; 
Nature  having  provided  fuitable  Remedies,   in  all  Coun- 
tries,  proper  for  the  Maladies  that  are  common  thereto. 
The  Savages  of  Carolina  have  this  Tea  in  Veneration,  above 
all  the  Plants  they  are  acquainted  withal,  and  tell  you,  the 
Difcovery  thereof  was  by  an  infirm  Indian,  that  labour'd  un- 
der the  Burden  of  many  rugged  Diftempers,  and  could  not 
be  cured  by  all  their  Do&ors  •,  fo,  one  day,  he  fell  afleep, 
and  dreamt,  that  if  he  took  a  Deco&ion  of  the  Tree  that 
grew  at  his  Head,  he  would  certainly  be  cured  -,  upon  which 
he  awoke,  and  faw  the  Tanpon  or  Cajfena-Tre^  which  was  no€ 

G  s  there 


i  ,1 


aaa 


An  Account  of  the  Indians 


there  when  he  fell  afleep.  He  follow'd  the  Direction  of  his 
Dream,  and  became  perfectly  well  in  a  Ihort  time.  Now,  I 
fuppofe,  no  M3n  has  fo  little  Senfe  as  to  believe  this  Fable  ; 
yet  it  lets  us  fee  what  they  intend  thereby,  and  that  it  has, 
doubtlefs,  work'd  Feats  enough,  to  gain  it  fuch  an  Efteem  a- 
mongft  thefe  Savages,  who  are  too  well  verfed  in  Vegetables, 
to  be  brought  to  a  continual  ufe  of  any  one  of  them,  upon  a 
meer  Conceit  or  Fancy,  without  fome  apparent  Benefit  they 
found  thereby  \  efpecially,  when  we  are  fenfible,  they  drink 
the  Juices  of  Plants,  to  free  Nature  of  her  Burdens,  and  not 
out  of  Foppery  and  Fafhion,  as  other  Nations  are  oftentimes 
found  to  do.  Amongfl  all  the  Difcoveries  of  America,  by 
the  Miflionaries  of  the  French  and  Spaniards,  I  wonder  none  of 
them  was  fo  kind  to  the  World,  as  to  have  kept  a  Catalogue 
of  the  Diftempers  they  found  the  Savages  capable  of  curing, 
and  their  Method  of  Cure;  which  might  have  been  of 
fome  Advantage  to  our  Materia  Medica  at  home,  when  de- 
liver'd  by  Men  of  Learning,  and  other  Qualifications,  asmoft 
of  them  are.  Authors  generally  tell  us,  that  the  Savages  are 
well  enough  acquainted  with  thofe  Plants  which  their  Cli- 
mate affords,  and  that  fome  of  them  effect  great  Cures,  but 
by  what  Means,  and  in  what  Form,  we  are  left  in  the  dark. 
The  Bark  of  the  Root  of  the  Saffafras-Tree,  I  have  obfery'd, 
is  much  ufed  by  them.  They  generally  torrefy  it  in  the  Em- 
bers, fo  ftrip  off  the  Bark  from  the  Root,  beating  it  to  a 
Confiftence  fit  to  fpread,  fo  lay  it  on  the  griev'd  Fart  ; 
which  bothcleanfes  a  fowl  Ulcer;  and  after  Scarrification, 
being  apply'd  to  a  Contufion,  or  Swelling,  draws  forth  the 
Pain,  and  reduces  the  Part  to  its  priftine  State  of  Health, 
as  I  have  often  feen  effected.  Fats  and  Unguents  never  ap- 
pear in  their  Chirurgery,  when  the  Skin  is  once  broke.  The 
Fats  of  Animals  are  ufed  by  them,  to  render  their  Limbs 
pliable,  and  when  wearied,  to  relieve  the  Joints,  and  this 
not  often,  becaufe  they  approve  of  the  Sweating-Houfe  (in 
fuch  cafes)  above  all  things.  The  Salts  they  mix  with  their 
Bread  and  Soupe,  to  give  them  a  Relifh,  are  Alkalis,  (viz.) 
Afhes,  and  calcined  Bones  of  Deer,  and  other  Animals. 
Sallads,  they  never  eat  any  ■,  as  for  Pepper  and  Muftard, 
Nosdhds^w]  reckon  us  little  better  than  Madmen,  to  make  ufe  of 
Fepper,  orit  amongft  our  Victuals.  They  are  never  troubled  with  the 
Mitftard*  Scurvy,  Dropfy,  nor  Stone.    The  Phthiiick,  Afthma,  and 

Diabetes, 


Sujfafras. 


Make 
Bread-,. 
bow 
Alkali 

Salts. 


of  North-Carolina. 


11 


3 


Diabetes,  they  are  wholly  Strangers  to  \  neither  do  I  remem- 
ber I  ever  faw  one  Paralytick  amongft  them.  The  Gout,  I 
cannot  be  certain  whether  they  know  what  it  is,  or  not. 
Indeed,  I  never  faw  any  Nodes  or  Swellings,  which  attend 
the  Gout  in  Europe  ;  yet  they  have  a  fort  of  Rhumatifm  or  phumi. 
Burning  of  the  Limbs,  which  tortures  them  grievoufly,  atx-^Vlir,%, 
which  time  their  Legs  are  {o  hot,  that  they  employ  the 
young  People  continually  to  pour  Water  down  them.  I  ne- 
ver faw  but  one  or  two  thus  afflicted.  The  Struma  is 
not  uncommon  amongft  thefe  Savages,  and  another  Diftem- 
per,  which  is,  in  fome  refpects,  like  the  Pox,  but  is  attended 
with  no  Gonorrhoea.  This  hot  feldom  bereaves  them  of 
their  Nofe.  I  have  feen  three  or  four  of  them  render'd  molt 
miferable  Spectacles  by  this  Diftemper.  Yet,  when  they 
have  been  fo  negligent,  as  to  let  it  run  on  fo  far  without 
curbing  of  it ;  at  laft,  they  make  fhift  to  patch  themfelves 
up,  and  live  for  many  years  after  ;  and  fuch  Men  commonly 
turn  Doctors.  I  have  known  two  or  three  of  thefe  no-nofe 
Doctors  in  great  Efteem  amongft  thefe  Savages.  The  Juice 
of  the  Tulip-Tree  is  ufed  as  a  proper  Remedy  for  this  Di- 
ftemper. What  Knowledge  they  have  in  Anatomy,  I  cannot 
tril,  neither  did  I  ever  fee  them  employ  themfelves  therein, 
unlefs,  as  I  told  you  before,  when  they  make  the  Skeletons  of 
their  Kings  and  great  Mens  Bones. 

The  Indians  are  very  carelefs  and  negligent  of  their  Health; 
as,  by  Drunkennefs,  Wading  in  the  Water,  irregular  Diet 
and  Lodging,  and  a  thoufand  other  Diforders,  (that  would 
kill  an  European)  which  they  daily  ufe.  They  boil  and  roaft 
their  Meat  extraordinary  much,  and  eat  abundance  of  Broth, 
except  the  Savages  whom  we  call  the  naked  Indians,  who/fefci 
never  eat  any  Soupe.  They  travel  from  the  Banks  of  the  Indians* 
Mejfiafippi,  to  war  againft  the  Sinnagars  or  Iroquois,  and  are 
(it  equal  Numbers;  commonly  too"  hard  for  them.  They 
will  lie  and  fleep  in  the  Woods  without  Fire,  being  inur'd 
thereto.  They  are  the  hardieft  of  all  Indians,  and  run  fo 
fait,  that  they  are  never  taken,  neither  do  any  Indians  outrun 
them,  if  they  are  purfifd.  Their  Savage- Enemies  fay,  their 
Nimblenefs  and  Wind  proceeds  from  their  never  eating 
any  Broth.  The  Small-Pox  has  been  fatal  to  them;  they Snult-rox. 
do  not  often  elcape,  when  they  are  feiz'd  with  that  Diftem- 
per, which  is  a  contrary  Fever  to  what  they  ever  knew. 
r    ]  -  G  g  2  Moft 


•  n 


An  Account  of  the  Indians 


■Fi 


l„ii 


Moll  certain,  it  had  never  vifited  America,  before  the  Difco- 
very  thereof  by  the  Chriftians.  Their  running  into  the  Wa- 
ter, in  the  Extremity. of  this  Difeafe,  itrik.es  it  in,  and  kills 
all  that  ufe  it.  Now  they  are  become  a  little  wifer  ■■>  but  for- 
merly it  deftroyM  whole  Towns,  without  leaving  one  Indian 
alive  in  the  Village.  The  Plague  was  never  known  amongft 
them,  that  I  could  learn  by  what  Enquiry  I  have  made  : 
Thefe  Savages  ufe  Scarrification  almoft  in  all  Diftempers. 
Their  chief  Inftru merits  for  that  Operation  is  the  Teeth  of 
Rattle-Snakes,  which  they  poiibn  withal.  They  take  them 
out  of  the  Snake's  Head,  and  fuck  out  the  Poifon  with  their 
Mouths,  (and  fo  keep  them  for  ufe)  and  fpit  out  the  Venom, 
which  is  green,  and  are  never  damag'd  thereby.  The  Small- 
Pox  and  Rum  have  made  fuch  a  "Deftruction  amongft  them, 
that,  on  good  grounds,  I  do  believe,  there  is  not  the  iixth 
Savage  living  within  two  hundred  Miles  of  all  our  Settle- 
ments, as  there  were  fifty  Years  ago.  Thefe  poor  Crea- 
tures have  fo  many  Enemies  to  deftroy  them,  that  it's  a 
wonder  one  of  them  is  left  alive  near  us.  The  Small-pox  I 
have  acquainted  you  withal  above,  and  fb  I  have  of  Rum, 
and  fhall  only  add,  that  they  have  got  a  way  to  carry  it  back 
to  the  Weftward  Indians,  who  never  knew  what  it  was,  till 
within  very  few  Years.  Now  they  have  it  brought  them  by 
the  Tvskeruro"s,  and  other  Neighbour- Indians,  but  the  Tvsh- 
r uro^s  chiefly,  who  carry  it  in  Rundlets  feveral  hundred 
Miles,  amongft  other  Indians.  Sometimes  they  cannot  for- 
bear breaking  their  Cargo,  but  fit  down  in  the  Woods,  and 
drink  it  all  up,  and  then  hollow  and  fhout  like  fo  many  Bed- 
lamites. I  accidentally  once  met  with  one  of  thefe  drunken 
Crews,  and  was  amaz'd  to  fee  a  Parcel  of  drunken  Savages 
fb  far  from  any  Englishman's  Houfe;  but  the  Indians  1  had  in 
Company  inform'd  me,  that  they  were  Merchants,  and  had 
drunk  all  their  Stock",  as  is  very  common  for  them  to  do. 
But  when  they  happen  to  carry  it  fafe,  (which  is  feldom, 
without  drinking  fome  part  of  it,  and  filling  it  up  with 
Water)  and  come  to  an  Indian  Town,  thofe  that  buy  Rum 
of  them  have  fo  many  Mouthfuls  for  a  Buck-Skin,  they  never 
uling  any  other  Meafure  ;  and  for  this  purpofe^  the  Buyer  al- 
ways makes  Choice  of  his  Man,  which  is  one  that  has  the 
greateft  Mouth,  whom  he  brings  to  the  Market  with  a  Bowl 
to  pat  it  in.    The  Seller  looks  narrowly  to  the  Man's  Mouth 

•  that 


of  Nortli'CaroIina; 


aa 


that  meafures  it,  and  if  he  happens  to  (Wallow  any  down,  ei- 
ther through  Wilfulnefs  or  otherwife,  the  Merchant  or  fome 
of  his  Party,  does  not  fcraple  to  knock  the  Fellow  down, 
exclaiming  againft  him  for  falfe  Meafure.  Thereupon,  the 
Buyer  finds  another  Mouthpiece  to  meafure  the  Rum  by;  fb 
that  this  Trading  is  very  agreeable  to  the  Spectators,  to  fee 
fuch  a  deal  of  Quarrelling  and  Controverfy,  as  often  hap- 
pens, about  it,  and  is  very  diverting. 

Another  Deftroyer  of  them,  is,  the  Art  they  have,  and  of-  Toi fining 
ten  practife,  of  poifoning  one  another;  which  is  done  by  a  offylor* 
large,  white,  fpungy  Root,  that  grows  in  the  Frefli-Marfhes, 
which  is  one  of  their  Poifons ;  not  but  that  they  have  many 
other  Drugs,  which  they  poifon  one  another  withal. 

Laftly,  the  continual  Wars  thefe  Savages  maintain,  one  How  the 
Nation  againft  another,  which  fometimes  hold  for  fome  A-  Indians 
ges,  killing  and  making  Captives,  till  they  become  fo  weak***7-* 
thereby,  that  they  are  forced  to  make  Peace  for  want  of  Re- 
eruits,  to  fupply  their  Wars;  and  the  Difference  of  Lan- 
guages, that  is  found  amongft  thefe  Heathens,  feems  alto- 
gether ftrange.  For  it  often  appears,  that  every  dozen  Miles, 
you  meet  with  an.  Indian  Town,  that  is  quite  different  from 
the  others  you  laft  parted  withal  ;  and  what  a  little  fupplies 
thir  Defect  is,  that  the  moft  powerful  Nation  of  thefe  Savages 
fcorns  to  treat  or  trade  with  any  others  (of  fewer  Num- 
bers and  Jefs  Power)  in  any  other  Tongue  but  their  own, 
which  ferves  for  the  Lingua  of  the  Country,  with  which  we 
travel  and  deal ;  as  for  Example,  we  fee  that  the  Tushrw<?$> 
are  moft  numerous  in  North-Carolina,  therefore  their  Tongue 
is  underftood  by  fome  in  every  Town  of  all  the  Indians  near 
us.  And  here  I  fhall  infert  a  fmall  Dictionary  of  every 
Tongue,  though  not  Alphabetically  digefted. 


Englifi). 
One 
Two 
Three 
Four 
Five 
Six 
Seven 
Eight 


TusTceruro. 
Vnche 

Ohf-fah 

Vntoc 

Ouch-Tohe- 

Houeyoc 

Chavb-mc 

Nes-hara 


Pamptkough, 

Weembot 

Nefbinnauh 

Mijh-wonner 

Tau-Ooner 

Vmperren 

Who-yeoc 

Top-po-ojh 

Nait-haufh'ftjoo 


Woccon. 
Tonne 
Num-perre 
Nam-mee 
JM,mnum°punns- 
Web'tau 
Iffto 

Nomrms'fau 
Nuppiu 


'■' 

126 

An  Account 

of  the  Indians 

EngUJb. 

Tuskeruro. 

Pampticough. 

Woccon. 

^}>A 

Nine 

Wearab 

Tach-ic-cotik 

We  there 

Ten 

Wartfauh 

Cojh 

Soone  noponne 

'Ml 

Eleven 

"Vnche  fcauwbau 

'Tonne  h auk  pea 

Twelve 

NetJec  fcaukhau 

Soone  nomme 

■ 

Twenty 

Wartfau  fcauhait 

Winnop 

Thirty 

Ofla  te  wartfau 

, 

■ 

Hundred 

Touch  fe 

Thoufand  Kiyoufe 

Rum 

Oonaquod 

Weefaccon 

Ynp-fi 

|ii :'  " ; 

Blankets 

Oorewa 

Mattofi 

Roo-iune 

White 

Ware-occa 

Wbp-pojhaumojl) 

Waurraup* 

'V'l 

Red 

Cotcoo-rea 

Mtjh-cosk 

Tauta 

lr> 

Black  or 
Blue,  idem 

Caro-hunflje 

Mow-cottorooJI) 

Tab-tefiea 

■ 

Gunpow- 
der 

Ou-kn 

Pungue 

Rooeyam 

Shot 

Catwa 

Ar'rovnfer 

Week 

Axe 

Au-nuka 

Tomma-bick 

Tau-unta  roinnik 

Knife 

Oefocke  nauh 

Rig-cofi 

Wee 

Tobacco 

Charho 

Hooh-pau 

ZJu- cootie 

Shirt 

Ough-tre*s 

Tacca  pitteneer 

Shoes 

Oo-rofs-foo 

Wee~keffoo 

Hat 

Trojfa 

Mottau-quahan 

Intome-pojjwa 

Fire 

Vtchar 

Tinda 

Tau 

Water 

Atom 

Vmpe 

Ejau 

Coat 

Oufxcox 

Kawbitcbra 

Taus-toon 

Rummijfuu 

' 

Awl  or 

Needle 

Oofe-waure 

Moc-cofe 

Wonfr-JIiee 

' 

A  Hoe 

Wauche-wocnoc 

Rojh-Jliocquon 

Rooe-pau 

Salt 

Cheek- ha 

•     Paint 

Quaunt 

Cbuxvon 

Whooyeonne 

Ronoak 

Nauh-hou,eot 

Mif-kipfu 

Rummaer 

Peak 

Chu-teche 

Ronoak 

Erroco 

Gun 

Auk-.noc 

Gau  hooptop 

Wit  tape 

Gun-Loci* 

1  Oo-tefie 

Gun  tock  Seike 

Noonkoffo 

Flints 

Ou'tiegh-ra 

Hinds 

Matt-teer 

A  Flap 

Oiikbaure 

Rappatoc 

Rhooeyau 

! 

Belt 

iQona-tejle 

Maachone 

Wee-kau 

Efigtijl: 

ttftftaflu^fllflll 


1  i"    I 

2l8 

An  Account  of  the 

Indians 

Englifl]. 

Turkerum 

Waccoa. 

A  Mortar 

Ootic  caugh-m 

r#* 

Stockings 

Way  haujke 

.'•"'-- 

i 

A  Creek 

'Wackena 

■ 

A  River 

'Ahum  wacHkna 

A  Man 

Entequos 

Old  Man 

Occooabawa 

Young  Man 

Qvottis 

Woman 

Con-noowa 

■ 

Old  Woman 

,    Cufquerre 

T'icau. 

* 

Wife 

Kateocca 

Tecaaau 

A  Child 

Woccanoohne 

A  Boy 

Wariavgh 

;     Infant 

Vtferofta 

\ 

Ears 

Ooethnat 

Fifhgig 

Ootofne 

Weetipfd 

A  Comb 

Oonaquitchra 

Sacketoome  pajj 

wa 

A  Cake  bak'£ 

Ooneck 

A  Head 

Ootaure        * 

Foppe 

• 

Hair 

Oowaara 

Tumrne 

Brother 

Cannot ka 

Tenrauhe 

I 

Ee 

Thou 

Eets 

There 

Ka 

Homine 

Cotquerre 

Roocauwa 

Bread 

Ootocnarc 

Iksttau 

Broath 

Ook-hoo 

Corn 

I   j  ,■-.  | 

Oopaha 
Oonavs 
Go/are 
Oojha 

Cofe 

Peafe 

Sangb-he 

Co  of  auk 

• 

A  Bag 

Vttaqua 

Ekoocromon  . 

.Fifh 

Cunflie 

Tacunne 

A  Loufe 

Cheecq'j 

Eppefyau 

A  Flea 

Nauoctp, 

.    . 

Potato's 

Vntone 

Wauk 

A  Stick 

Chinqva 

Wood 

Ouyunkguit 

Tome 

Houfe 

Oitioufe 

Ouks 

A  Cow 

(hs-farwt 

Noppinjure 

i 

Engllfh, 

of  North-Carolina. 


Ertglijli. 
A  Snake 
A  Rat 
A  Goofe 
A  Swan 
Allegator 
A  Crab 
A  Canoe 
A  Box 
A  Bowl 
A  Spoon 
A  Path 
Sun  or  Moon 
Wind 
A  Star 
Rain 

* 
Night 
A  Rundlet 
An  Eel 
A  T— d 
AF-t 
A  Cable 
Small  Ropes 
A  Button 
Breeches 
Stockings 
Day 
Mad 
Angry 
Afraid 
Smoak 


Tuskeruro. 
ZJS'CjuAuh-ne 
Rufquiane 
Au-hoohaha 
O  or  haft        , 
Vtfererauh 
Rouare  con 
Ooftmnuawa, 
Ooanoo* 
Ortfe 
Chfghijuere 
Wauhrbauhnt 
Heita 
Hoonoch 
Vttewiraratfc 
Vntuch 
Auhuntwood 
Oofottoo 
Oohwaroa 
Cuhn~na 
ZJtquera 
ZSttena 
Vtquichra 
Vtfira  utquichra 
Tic-hab 
Wabunjhe 
Ooxvijfera 
Wduwvc-hook 
Gofferunte 
Cotcheroore 
Werricauna 
Oo-teiabns 


AThief  or  Rogue  Katicbhei 


A  Dog 
A  Reed 
Lightwood 
To  morrow 
Now 
Today 
A  little  while 
ago 


Cheeth 

Cauna 

Kakoo 

Jureha 

Kahunk 

Kawtt 

Kakogwa 


Woccon. 
Yau-hauk 
IVittau 
Aubaun 
Atter 

Monwittetau. 
Wunneau 
Wan 
Yopoomtfa 
Cotfoo ' 
Cotfau 
Yaith 
Wittapare 
Yuncor 

Wattapi  tmtahev 
Yawowa 

Yantoha 
Ynpyupfetmm 


Fulawa 
Fautyau 

Rttmmijfauwomi 

Raoeyaukitte 

Rooefoo  pojfoa 

Waukhtttpay 

Rockcumtie 

Rsocheha 

Rehefhiwau 

Too-Jhe 

Tauh'he 
Weehvonm 

Kittaps 


230 


An  Account  of  the  Indians 


Englijh.     .  ■ 
Yefterday 
How  many 
How  far 
Will  you  go  a- 
long  with  me 
Go  you 
Give  it  me 
That's  all 
A  Cubit  length 
Dead 
A  Gourd  or 

Bottle 
A  lazy  Fellow 
Englifhman  is 

thirfty 
I  will  fell  you 

Goods  very 

cheap 
All  the  Indians 

are  drunk 
Have  you  got 

any  thing  to 

eat 
I  am  lick 
AFifh-Hook 
Don't  lofe  it 
A  Tobacco-pipe 
I  remember  it 
Let  it  alone 
Peaches 
Walnuts 
Hickery  Nuts 
A^ews-Harp 
I  forget  it     a 
3&orthweft- 

Wind 
Saow» 


•Tuskeruro;  Woccoa* 

Qonfoito  a«r     Tottoha 

<  xTotimrinte- 


Vtrtemots 
IJntateAwa 
VtJfa  hah 
'■     . 
Its  wdrh 
Catjhau 
Vt  chat 
Kihoofecca 
Whaharia. 
Vtchdawa 


Watidttoo  wat/e  Tontaunete 

Oukwockaninniwock  v  J 

-.  ..:.7.  atsxVS1 

Wavfthanocha        '  -'/'Mdtt^kau  hoore 

■  '  r  ■■'  <jtm<aWO 

•  ■                    ■  '  3 

Connaughjoft  twane  Nonntifper 


.   »q   Tnma  me 
•     \Mothei 
€uttautoe 
Ijhewaiinaup- 
Courts 

r 


Vttd'tma-ixiox 


Connduwex 

Oos~shmna 

Oon  eft  norms  it  quoft 

Ovfeuaana 

Odtiutfauka 

Tmtfaurauweek 

Roo-ooe 

Moot  au- oog 

Rootau 

Ooratfa 

AierraukA 

Hotbooka 


^Nqccojo  Eraute. 

V 

•''■'.' 
Waufefa 


Intom N 
Aucummato 

Sauhau 
Tonne 

Nimmioi 

tivau 


■ 
xc 

3  A 

"I  A 
oM  i 

Z  A 
1  u  ft 

ene 
irfgiPl 

:.  1, 

'  a  A. 
J>--T  A 

'DA 

i 


1 


Wawaw* 


3fo 


of  North-Garolina. 


31 


'To  repeat  more  of  this  Indian  Jargon,  would  be  to  trou-Ind'an 
ble  the  Reader  j  and  as  an  Account  how  imperfed  they  are^^* 
fin. their  Moods  and  Tenfes,  has  been  given  by  feveral  alrea- 
dy, I  ihall  only  add,  that  their  Languages  or  Tongues  are  fo 
.deficient,  that  you  cannot  fuppofe  the  Indians  ever  could  ex- 
prefs  themfelves  in  fuch  a  Flight  of  Stile,  as  Authors  would 
Jiave  yoirbelieveV  They  are  fo  far  from  it,  that  they  are  but 
juft  able  to  make  one  another  uriderftand  readily  what  they 
talk  about.  As  for  the  two  Gonfonants  L  and  F,  I  never 
knew  them  in  any  Indian  Speech  I  have  met  withal  \  yet  I 
muft  tell  you,  that  they  have  fuch  a  Way  of  abbreviating 
•.their  Speech,  when  in  their  great  Councils  and  Debates,  that 
.the  young  Men  do  not  underftand  what  they  treat  about, 
when  they  hear  them  argue*  It  is  wonderful,  what  has  oc~ 
cafion'd  fo  many  different  Speeches  as  the  Savages  have.  . 
The  three  Nations  I  now;  mentioned,  do  not  live  above  ten 
Leagues  diftant,  and  two  of  them,  viz..  the  Tushruro's  and  Tartaric 
the  Woe  con-,  are  not  two  Leagues  afunder ;  yet  their  Speech  an  Kurds* 
differs  in  every  Word  thereof,  except  one,  which  is  rtfaure% 
Cockles,  which  is  in  both  Tongues  the  fame,  and  nothing  elfe. 
Now  this  Difference  of  Speech  caufes  Jealoufies  and  Fears  a- 
rnongft  them,  which  bring  Wars,  wherein  they  deftroy  one 
another  •,  otherwife  the  Chriftians  had  not  (in  all  Probabi- 
lity) fettled  America  fo  eafily,  at  they  have  done,  had  thefe 
Tribe9  of  Savages  united  themfelves  into  one  People  or  ge- 
neral Intercity  or  were  they  fo  but  every  hundred  Miles.  In 
fhort,  they  are  an  odd  fort  of  People  under  the  Circum- 
stances they  are  at  prefent,  and  have  Tome  fuch  uncouth 
Ways  in  their  Management  and  Courfe  of  Living,  that  it 
feems  a  Miracle  to  us,  how  they  bring  about  their  Defigns, 
as  they  do,  when  their  Ways  are  commonly  quite  contrary 
to  ours.  I  believe,  they  are  (as  to  this  Life)  a  very  happy 
People  •,  and  were  it  not  for  the  Feuds  amongft  themfelves* 
they  would  enjoy  the  happieft  State  (in  this  World)  of  all 
Mankind.  They  met  with  Enemies  when  we  came  amongft 
them  j  for  they  are  no  nearer  Chriftianity  now,  than  they 
were  at  the  firlbDifcovery,  to  all  Appearance.  They  have 
learnt  feveral  Vices  of  the  Europe ans,  but  not  one  Vertue,  as  Indians 
I  know  of.  Drunkennefs  was  a  Stranger,  when  we  found  horn  of 
them  out,  and  Swearing  their  Speech  cannot  exprefs ;  yetJ^  £ur©* 
thofe  that  fpeak  £»£/»/&,  learn  to  fwear  the  iirft  thing  they5eans° 

H  2  talk. 


I 


1^0. 


An  Account  of  the  Indians 


talk  of.  _It's  true,  they  have  fame  Vertues.  and  fome  Vices  -y 
but  how  the  Chriftiaas  can  bring  thefe  People  into;  the  fld- 
fom  of  the  Church,  is  a  Propofal  that  ought  to  be  forra'd 
and  follow'd  by  the  wifeft  Heads  and  belt  Cbriftians.  After 
I  have  given  one  Remark  or  two  farther,  of.  fome  of  their 
ftrange  Practices  and  Notions,  I  will  give  ray  Opinion,  bow 
I  think,  in  probability,  it  may  be  (if  poflible,)  effeffcedy  andfo 
fhall  conclude  this  Treatife  of  Carolina.     ^. 

They  are  a  very  craving  People,  and  if  a  Man  give;  tbiem 
any  thing  of  a  Prefent,  they  think  it  obliges  him  to  give 
them  another  ;  and  fo  on,  till,  he  has  given  them  all,  he  has  5 
for  they  have  no  Bounds  of  Satisfaction  in  that  way  ;  and  if 
they  give  you  any  thing,  it  is  to  receive  twice  the  Value  of  it. 
They  have  no  Confederation  that  you  will  wajat -what  you 
give  them  }  for  their  way  of  Living.  j§  fo  contrary  to  ours, 
that  neither  we  nor  they  can  fathom  one  anothers  Deiigns 
and  Methods.  They  call  Rum  and  Phyfick  by  one  Name, 
which  implies  that  Rum  make  People  lick-,  as  when  they  have 
taken  any  poifonous  Plant :,  yetthey  cannot  forbeanRum.  They 
make  Offerings  of  their  Firft-Fruits,  and  the  mare  feriousJfort 
of  them  throw  into  the  Afhes,  near  the  Fire,  thefirftBit 
or  Spoonful  of  every  Meal  they  fit  down  to,  wbicb,  they 
fay,  is  the  fame  to  them,  as  the  pulling  off  our  Hats,  and 
talking,  when  we  go  to  Victuals,  js  to  us.  They  name  the 
Mpnths  very  agreeably,  as  one is  the;  Herring-Month,  ano- 
ther the  Strawberry-Month,  another  the  MulberryTMontb:» 
Others  name  them  by  the  Trees  that  biofTom ;  efpeciauyv 
the  Dogwood-Tree- j  or  they,  fay,  we,  will  return  when  Tur- 
iey-Cocks  gobble,  that  is  in  March  afl^  ApriL  The  Age  of 
the  Moon  they  underftand,  -but  know  no  -diffeeat [Name  for 
Sun,  ancj  Moon.  They,  can  guefs  well  at  the  timfe  <otf  tfee 
Day,  by  the  Sun's  Height.  Their  Age 'fchey^uinbei-  b.y  Wini 
ters, "and  lay*  fucha  Man  or  Woman  Is  fo  many  Winters  okL 
They  have  no  Sabbath,  or  Day  of  Reft.  Their  Slaves  are 
not  over-burden'd  with  Work,  and  fo  not  driven  by  Severity 
to  feek  for  that  Relief.  Thofe  that  are  acquainted  with  the 
Englljb,  and  fpeak  the  Tongue,  know  when  Sunday  comes  5  be- 
fides,  the  Indians  have  a  diftindt  Name  for  Chrifimas  whidi 
they  call  Winmck  Kejbvfe,  or  the  Engl ijhmans  Gads  Mwn. 
There  is  one  moft  abominable  Cuftom  lamongft  them,  ^vifoicn* 
they  call  Hus-quenming  their  young  Men;  wiiich  I  iiave  not 

made 


■mi     —    iiiiwiii    i      >nmi  mii    ii  '• '   "" 

of  North-Carolina. 


'made  am?  Mention  of  as  yet,  fo  will  give  you  an  Account 
of  it  here.  You  muft  know,  that  moft  commonly,  once  a 
Year,  or,  at  fartheft,  once  in  two  Years,  thefe  People  take 
up  fo  many  of  their  young  Men,  as  they  think  are  able  to 
undergo  it,  and  hufqievangh  them,  which  is  to  make  them 
obedient  and  refpeftive  to  their  Superiors,  and  (as  they  fay) 
is  the  fame  to  them,  as  it  is  to  us  to  fend  our  Children  to 
School:,  to  be  taught  good  Breeding  and  Letters.  This  Houfe 
©f  Correction  is  a  large  ftrong  Cabin,  made  on  purpofe  for 
the  Reception  of  the  young  Men  and  Boys,  that  have  not 
pafTed  this  Graduation  already  •,  and  it  is  always  at  Chriftmas 
that  they  hufquenaugh  their  Youth ,  which  is  by  bringing 
them  into  this  Houfe,  and  keeping  thern  dark  all  the  time, 
■where  they  more  than  half-ftarve  them.  Befides,  they  give 
them  Pellitory-Bark,  and  feveral  intoxicating  Plants,  that 
make  them  go  raving  mad  as  ever  were  any  People  in  the 
World ;  and  you  may  hear  them  make  the  moft  difmal  and 
helliih  Cries,  and  How  lings,  that  ever  humane  Creatures  ex- 
prefs'd ;  all  which  continues  about  five  or  fix  Weeks,  and 
the  little  Meat  they  eat,  is  the  naftieft,  loathfome  ftuff,  and 
mkt'Witri  all  manner  of  Filth  it's  poffible  to  get.  After  the 
Time  is  expired,  they  are  brought  out  of  the  Cabin,  which, 
never  is  in  the  Town,  but  always  a  diftance  off,  and  guarded 
by  a  Jaylor  or  two.  who  watch  by  Turns.  Now,  when  they 
rfirft  come  but,  they  are  as  poor  as  ever  any  Cretftfres  werej 
for  you  mull  know  feveral  die  under  this  diabolical  Purga- 
't-ion.;  Moreover,  they  either  really  are,  or  pretend  to  Tie 
-durhB,  and  do  notfpeak  for  feveral  Days  •,  I  think^  twenty 
or  thirty  ;  and  look  fo  gaftly,  and  are  fo  changd^that  it's 
oiext  to  an  Impoffibility  to  know  them  again^lthotigh  you 
was  never  fo  well  acquainted  with  them  beforev.T.wbuld  faia 
'have  gone  into  the  mad  Houfe,  and  have  feen  them  in  their 
f  ime'-of  Purgatory,  but  the  King  would  .not  fuffer  it,  becaufe, 
lie  told  me,  they  would  do  me,  or  aiity-other  white  Man,  an. 
injury,  -that  ventured  in  amongft  th^hfv  fo  I  defifted.  They 
play  this  Prank  with  Girls  as  wellasrfioys,  and  I  believe  it 
a  mifera^le  Life  they  endure,  becaufe  I  have  known  feveral 
of  them  run  away,  at  that  time,  to  avoid  it.  Now,  the 
Savages  fay,  if  it  was  not  for  this,  they  could  never  keep  them 
Youth  in  Subjection,  befides  that  it  hardens  them  ever  after 
to  the  Fatigues  of  War,  Hunting,  and  all  manner  of  Hard- 

ihip  r 


:34- 


An  Account  of  the  indians 


fhip,  which  their  way  of  Jiving  expofes  them  to,  Befides,  they 
add,that  it  carries  offthp'fe  infirm  weakBodies,  that  would  have 
been  only  a  Burden  and  Difgfcace  tp.  their  Nation,  and  faves 
the  Victuals  and  Cloathing  for  better  People,  that  Would 
r.bave  been  expended  on  fuchufelefs  Creatures..  Thefe  Sava- 
ges are  defcribed  in, their  proper  Colours,  but  by  a  very  few  ■ 
for .  thofe-  that  generally  write  Hiftories  of  this  new  WorldJ 
are  fucli  as  Intereft,  Preferment*  and  Merchandize,  drew 
thither,  arid  know  no  more  of  that  People  than  I  do  of 
the  Laplanders,  which  is  only  by  Hear- fay. "And  if  we  will 
make  juft  Remarks,  how  near  fuch  Relations  generally  ap- 
proach Truth  and  Nicety,  we  fhall  find  very  few  of  them 
worthy  of  Entertainment ;  and  as  for  the  other  part  of  the 
Volume,  it  is  generally  ftufft  with  Invectives  againft!  the  Go- 
vernment they  lived  under,  on  which  Stage  is  commonly 
acted  greater  Barbarities,  in  Murdering  worthy  Mens  Repu- 
tations, than  all  the  Savages  in  the  new  World  are.  capable 
of  equalizing,  or  fo  much  as  imitating. 

And  fince  1  hinted  at  a  Regulation  of  the  Savages,  and  to 
propofe  a  way  to  convert  them  to  Chriltianity,  I  will  firlt 
particularize  the  feveral  Nations  of  Indians  that  are  our 
Neighbours,  and  then  proceed  to  what  I  promis'd. 

Tusker uro  Indians  are  fifteenTowns,  viz,.Haruta,Waqui,  Con- 
tah-nah,^4nna  Ooka,  Conauh-Kare  Harooka^Vna  Nauhan,  Kenta* 
nuska,  Ckyfffneets,  Kent  a,  Eno?Naur-hegh-ne,Oonoj[oora,Tofneoc, 
Nonaroharitfe,  Nvrfoorooka,  Fighting  Men  1 200.  Waccon.  Towns 
2;  Jvpwauremau,  Tooptatmeer,  Fighting  Men  120.  Machapunga, 
Town  i^Maramiskeet,  Fighting  Men  30.  Bear  River,  Town 
i,  Raufiafflga-quank,  Fighting  Men  50.  Maherring  Indians, 
Towa.!}<3i$g\errillg  River,  Fighting  Men  50.  Chuwon  Indians, 
Town  'i^'fynhets  Creek,  Fighting  Men  15.  Pafpatank  Indians, 
Town  1,  Pafpatank  River,  Fighting  Men  10.  Poteskeit,  Town 
1,  North  River,  Fighting  Men  30.  Nottaway  Indians,  Town 
1,  Winoack  Creek,  Fating  Men  30.  Hatter  as  Town  i,Sand 
Banks,  Fighting  Men^.  Connamo*  Indians,  Towns  2,  Cora- 
nine,  Raruta,  Fighting  Men  25.  Neus  Indians,  Towns  2,  Chat- 
tooka,  Rouconk,  Fighting  Men  15.  Pampticough  Indians,  Town 
i,Ijland,  Fighting  Men  15.  Jaupim  Indians,  6  People.  Thefe 
five  Nations  of  the  Totero's,  Sapona's,  Keiauwee's,  Aconechos, 
and  Schoccories,  are  lately  comeamongft  us,  and  may  contain' 
in  all,  about  750  Men,  Women  and  Children.  Total  4780.  ' 

Now 


of  North- Carolina. 


ns 


Now,  there  appears  to  be  one  thoufand  fix  hundred  arid- 
twelve  Fighting  Men,  of  our  Neighbouring  Indians;  and  pro- 
bably., there  are  three  Fifths  of  Women  and  Children,  not  in- 
cluding Old  Men,  which  amounts  to  four  thoufand  and  thirty- 
Savages,  befides  the  five  Nations  lately  come.  Now,  as 
I  before  hinted,  we  will 'fee  what  grounds  there  are  tomake. 
thefe  People  ferviceable  to  us,  and  better  themfelves  there- 
-, 

^(Xafair  Scheme,  we  mult  fiiil  allow  thefe  Savages  what, 
really  belongs  to  them,  that  is,  what  good  Qualities, .and 
natural  Endowments,,  they  poffefs,  whereby  they  being  in 
their  proper  Colours,  the  Event  may.be  better  guefs'd  at,  and. 
fathom'd.  ; 

Firlc,  they  are  as  apt  to  learn  any  Handicraft,  as  any  Peo- 
ple that  the  World  affords;  I  will  except  none;  as  is  feen 
by  their  Canoes  and  Stauking  Heads,  which  they  make  of, 
themfelves;  but  to  my  purppfe,  the  Indian  Slaves  in  South- 
Carolina,  and  elfew here, -make  my  Argument  good. 

Secondly,  we  have  no  difciplin'd  Men  in  Europe,  but  what 
have,  at  one  time  or  other,  been  branded  with  Mutining,  and. 
Murmuring  againft  their  Chiefs.  Thefe  Savages  are  never 
found  guilty  of  that  great  Crime  in  aSoldier ;  I  challenge  all 
Mankind  to  tell  me  of  one  Inita.nce  of  it ;  befides,  they  never 
prove  Traitors  to  their  "Native  Country,  but  rather  chufe. 
Death  than  partake  and  fide  with- the  Enemy. 

They  naturally  poffefs  the  Righteous  Man  s  Gift ;  they  are- 
Patient  under  all  Afflictions  ,  and  have  a  great  many  other. 
Natural  Vertues?  which  I  have  High  tlytoueh'd  throughout 
the  Account  of  thefe  Savages. 

They  are  really  better  to  us,  than  we  are  to  them ;  they 
always  give  us  Viduals.  at  their  Quarters,  and  take  care  we. 
are  arm'd  againft  Hunger  and  Thirft :  We  do  not  fo  by; 
them  (  generally  fpeaking  )  but  let  them  walk  by  our  Doors. 
Hungry,  and  do  not  often  relieve  them..  We.  look  upon, 
them  with  Scorn  and  Difdain,  and  think  them  little  better:, 
than  Beafts  in  Humane  Shape,  though  if  well  examined,  we. 
fhall  find  that,  for  all  our.  Religion  and  Education,  we  poffefs; 
more  Moral  Deformities,  and  Evils  than  thefe  Savages  do*. 
or  are  acquainted  withal. 

We  reckon  them  Slaves  in  Comparifon  to  us,  and  Intru- 
ders, as.  oft  as  they  enter  our  Houfes,  or  hunt  near  our. 


An  Accotmt  of  the  Indians 


Dwellings.  But  if  we  will  admit  Reafon  to  be  our  Guide,  Ihe 
will  inform  us,  that  thefe  Indians  are  the  freeft  People  in  the 
World,  and  fo  far  from  being  Intruders  upon  us,  that  we 
have  abandon'd  our  own  Native  Soil,  to  drive  them  out,  and. 
poflefs  theirs ;  neither  have  we  any  true  Balance,  in  Judging 
of  thefe  poor  Heathens,  becaufe  we  neither  give  Allowance 
for  their  Natural  Difpofition,  nor  the  Sylvian  Education,  and 
ftrange  Cuftoms,  (uncouth  to  us)  they  lie  under  and  have 
ever  been  train'd  uptb-,  thefe  are  falfe  Meafuresfjbr  Cliri- 
ftians  to  take,  and  indeed  no  Man  can  be  reckon'd  aMo- 
ralift  only,  who  will  not  make  choice  and  ufe,  of  bet- 
ter Rules  to  walk  and  ad  by :  We  trade  with  them,  it's  true, 
but  to  what  End?  Not  to  Ihew  them  the  Steps  of  Vertue,and 
the  Golden  Rule,  to  do  as  we  would  be  done  by.  No,  we 
have  furniihed  them  with  theViceof  Drunkennefs,  which  is 
the  open  Road  to  all  others,  and  daily  cheat  them  in  every 
thing  we  fell,  and  efteem  it  a  Gift  of  CKriftianity,  not  to 
fell  to  them  fo  cheap  as  we  do  to  the  Chriftians,  as  we  call  our 
felves.  Pray  let  me  know  where  is  there  to  be  found  one 
Sacred  Command  or  Precept  of  our  Matter,  that  counfels  us 
to  fuch  Behaviour  ?  Befides,  I  believe  it  will  not  appear,  but 
that  all  the  Wars,  which  we  have  had  with  the  Savages, 
were  occafion'd  by  the  unjuft  Dealings  of  the  Chriftians 
towards  them.  I  can  name  more  than  a  few,  which  my  own 
Enquiry  has  given  me  a  right  Underftanding  of,  and  I  am 
afraid  the  remainder  (if  they  come  to  the  teft)  will  prove 
themfelves  Birds  of  the  fame  Feather. 
Indians  As  we  are  in  Chriftian  Duty  bound,  fo  we  muft  adt  and  be- 
jiverfion  have  ourfelves  to  thefe  Savages,  if  we  either  intend  to  be 
to  chrifti-  ferviceable  in  converting  them  to  the  Knowledge  of  the 
mm-  Gofpel,  or  difcharge  the  Duty  which  every  Man,  within  the 
Pale  of  the  Chriftian  Church,  is  bound  to  do.  Upon  this 
Score,  we  ought  to  lhew  a  Tendernefs  for  thefe  Heathens 
under  the  weight  of  Infidelity;  let  us  cherifh  their  good  Deeds, 
and,  with  Mildnefs  and  Clemency,mak£  them  fenfjble and  for- 
warn  them  of  their  ill  ones-,  let  our  Dealings  be  juft  to  them 
In  every  Refpeft,  and  fhew  no  ill  Example,  whereby  they 
oiay  think  we  advife  them  to  praftife  that  which  we  will 
not  be  conformable  to  ourfelves :  Let  them  have  cheap  Pen- 
niworths  (without  Guile  in  our  Trading  with  them)  and 
learn  them  the  Myfteries  of  our  Handicrafts,  as  well  as  our 

Re- 


of  NorMvGapolinaA  •' 


Religion;  Dtherwife  we  deal -unjtiitly  by  them.  But  it  is  highT. 
lyneceilary  to  be  brought  in  Practice,/ which  is,  to  give  En- 
couragement to  the' ordinary  People,  and  .thofe  of  a  lower 
Ranky  that  cthey might  'marry  with  thefe  Indians.,,  and.  come' 
into  Plantations,  and  Monies,  where  To,  many  Acres  of  Land 
and ibme  Gratuity  of  Money,  (out  of  a  publick  Stock)  are 
given  to  the  new-married.  Couple;  and  that  the  Indidns  might 
have  Encouragement  to  fend  their  Children  Apprentices  to 
proper  Matters,  that  would  be  kind  to  them,  and  mi ke  them 
Mailers  of  a  Trade^  whereby  they  would  be  drawn  to  livea- 
mongft  us,  and  become  Members  of  the.  fame  Ecciefiaftical 
and  Civil  Government  we  are  under  •,  then  we  mould  have- 
great  Advantages  to  make  daily  Conversions  amongft  them, 
when  they  faW  that  we  were  kind  and  juft  to  them  in  all  our 
Dealings.  Moreover,  by  the  Indians  Marrying  with  the  Chri- 
ftians,  and  coming'  into  Plantations  with  their  English  Huf- 
bands^!6r  Wives,  they  would  become  Chri'fiians,  and  their 
Idolatry  would  be  quite  forgotten,  and,  in  all  probability,  a 
better  Worfhip  come  in  its  Stead  •,  for  were  theT^  engrafted 
thus,  and  alienated  from  the  Worfhip  and  Converfation  of 
Jews,  their  Abominations  would  vanifh,  and  be  no  more. 

-  Thus  iwe  mould  be  let  into  a  better  "Underftanding  of  the 
Indian  Tongue,  bybur  hew  Converts ;  and  the  whole  Body 
of  thefe  People  would  arrive  to  the'Knowledge  of  our  'Reli- 
gion and  Cuftoms,  and  become  as  one  People  with  us.  By  this  ' 
Method  alfo,  we  mould  have  a  true  Knowledge  of  all  thelndians 
Skill  in  Medicine  and  Surgery,  they  would  inform  us  of  the 
Situation  of  our  Rivers,  Lakes,  and  Tracts  "of  Land  in;  the 
Lords  Dominions,  where  by  their  Affiftance,  greater  DifcQve- 
riesmay  be  made  than  has  been  hitherto  found  out,  and"  by 
their  Accompanying  us  in  our  Expeditions,  we  might  civi- 
lize a  great  many  other  Nations  of  the  Savages,  and  daily 
add  to  bur  Strength  in  Trade,  and  Intereft  •, To  that  we  might 
be  fuffioiently  enabled  to  conquer,  or  maintain  our '  Ground, 
againft  all  the  Enemies  to  the  Crown  of- England  in  America^ 
both  Chriltian  and  Savage. 

-■ What  Children  we  have  of  theirs,  to  learn  Trades,  e£r. 
ought  to  be  put  into  thofe  Hands  that  are  Men  of  the  beft 
Lives  and  Chara&ers,  and  that  are  not  only  ftridt  Obfervers 
of  their  Religion,  but  alfo  of  a  mild,  winning  and  fweet  Dif- 
pofition,  that  thefe  Indian  Parents  may  often  go  and  fee  how 

Ii  well 


m 


An  Account  of  the  Indian^  &c. 


well  their  Children  are  dealt  with,  which  would  much  win 
them  to  our  Ways  of  Living,  Mildnefs  being  a  Vertue  the 
Indians  are  in  love  withal,  for  they  do  not  practife  beatine 
and  correcting  their  Children,  as  we  do.  A  general  Com- 
plaint is,  thatitfeemsimpoffible  to  convert  theft  PeopLe  to 
Chriftianity,  as,  at  firft  fight,  it  does ;  and  as  for  thofe  in 
New  Spain,  they  have  the  Prayer  of  that  Church  in  Latin  by 
Rote,  and  know  the  external  Behaviour  at  Mafs  and  Ser- 
mons ',  yetfcarce  any  of  them  are  fteady  and  abide  with  con- 
ftancy  in  good  Works,  and  the  Duties  of  the  Chriftian  Church. 
We  find  that  the  Fuentes  and  feveral  other  of  the  noted  Indian 
Families  about  Mexico^  and  in  other  parts  of  New  Spain,  had 
given  feveral  large  Gifts  to  the  Altar,  and  outwardly  feem'd 
fond  of  their  new  Religion ;  yet-thofe  that  were  thegreateffc 
Zealots  outwards,  on  a  ftrid  Enquiry,  were  found  guilty  of 
Idolatry  and  Witchcraft ;  and  this  feems  to  proceed  from 
their  Cohabiting,  which,  as  I  have  noted  before,  gives  Oppor- 
tunities of  Cabals  to  recal  their  ancient  priftine  Infidelity 
and  Superftitions.  They  never  argae  againft  our  Religion, 
but  with  all  imaginable  Indifference  own,  that  it  is  moft  pro- 
per for  us  that  have  been  brought  up  in  it. 

In  my  opinion,  it's  better  for  Chriftjans  of  a  mean  Fortune 
to  marry  with  the  Civiliz'd  Indians,  than  to  fuffer  the  HarcK 
Ihips  of  four  or  five  years  Servitude,,  in  which  they  meet  with 
Sicknefsand  Seafonings  aniidft  a  Crowd  of  other  Afflictions, 
which  the  Tyranny  of  a  bad  Matter  lays  upon  fuch  poor  Souls, 
all  which  thofe  acquainted  with  our  Tobacco  Plantations  are 
not  Strangers  to. 

This  feems  to  be  a  more  reafonable  Method  of  converting 
the  Indians,  than  to  fet  up  our  Chriftian  Banner  in  a  Field  of 
Blood,  as  the  Spaniards  have  done  in  New  Spain,  and  baptize 
©ne  hundred  with  the  Sword  for  one  at  the  Font.  Whjlft  we 
make  way  for  a  Chriftian  Colony  through  a  Field  of  Blood 
and  defraud,  and  make  away  with  thofe  that  one  day  may  be 
wanted  in  this  World,  and  in  the  next  appear  againft  us,  we 
make  way  for  a  more  potent  Chriftian  Enemy  to  invade  us" 
iiereafter,  ©f  which  we  may  repent*  when  too  late. 


JHE 


. 


339 


■ 

THE   SECOND 


CHARTER 


Granted  by 


King  CHARLES  11 


T  O    T  H  E 


PROPRIETORS 


O  F 


* 


CAROLINA 


(1 


lereas 


CHARLES  II.  by  the  Grace  of  God,  &c.  Whc 
Our  Letters  Patents,  bearing  Date  the  Four  and 
Twentieth  Day  of  March ,  in  the  Fifteenth  Year  of 
Our  Reign,  We  were  Gracioufly  Pleas'd  to  Grant  unto 
Our  right  Trufty,  and  right  Well-beloved  Coufin  and  Coun- 
fellor  Edward  Earl  of  Clarendon,  our  High  Chancellor  of  Eng- 
land, Our  right  Trufty,  and  right  entirely  Beloved  Coufin 
and  Counfellor,  George  Duke  of  Albemarle ,  Matter  of  our 
Horfe,  Our  right  Trufty  and  Well  Beloved  William,  now 
Earl  ox  Craven,  our  right  Trufty  and  well-beloved  Counfellor, ; 
3Mw'Lord  Berkley,  our  right  Trufty,  and  well-beloved 
Counfellor,  Anthony  .hord  Afhley,  Chancellor  of  our  Exche- 
quer, our  right  Trufty  and  Well-beloved' -Counfellor  Sir 
George  Carter -m  Knight  and  Baronet,  Vice-Chamberlain  of 

lis  oar 


240 


The  Second  Charter 


our  Houfhold,  Our  right  Trudy  and  well-beloved,  Sir  John 
Colleton  Knight  and  Baronet,  and  Sir  William  Berkeley  Knieht 
all  that  Province,  Territory,  or  Tract  of  Ground,  called' 
CareLna,  fituate,  lying  and  being  within  our  Dominions  of 
America,  Extending  from  the  North  End  of  the  Ifland  called 
Lvhljland,  which  lyeth  in.  the  Southern  Virginians,  and 

]Vlt  um£X*and  thcirty  DeSrees  of  the  Northe™  Latitude  and 
to  the  Weft,  as  far  as  the  South  Seas;  and  fo  refpeaively  as 
far  as  the  River  of  Mathios,  which  bordereth  upon  the  Coaft 
ot  Florida,  and  within  One  and  Thirty  Degrees  of  the  Vw- 
*W»  Latitude,' and  fo  ^/  in  a  dired  Line,  as  far  as' the 
iez/fbaeas  aforefaid. 

Now,  know  Ye,  that  We,  at  the  Humble  Reqneft  of  the 
faid  -Grandees i  in  the  aforefaid  Letters  Patents  named,  and 
as  a  farther  Mark  of  Onr-efpecial  Favour  towards  them,  We 
are  Gracioufly  Pleafcd  to  Enlarge  Our  faid  Grant  unto  them 
according  to  the  Bounds  and  Limits  hereafter  Specifyed,  and 
in  Favour  to  the  Pious  and  Noble  Purpofe  of  the  faid  Edward 
Earl  of  Clarendon,  George  Duke  of  Alhemark,  William  Earl  of 
Craven,  John  JLord  Berkeley,  Anthony  Lord  Ajhley,  Sir  Georr* 

ITS' Sir  ??*?  Colletcn-> and  ^ir  William  Berkeley,  their  Heirs 
and  Ate  all  that  Province,  Territory,  or  Traft  of  Ground 
fituate,  lying,  and  being  within  Our  Dominions  of  America 
aforefaid  extending  North  and Weft^ard,  as  far  as  the  North 
1  •  °  %f*  ,  Rlver>  ov  Gulet,  upon  a  ftreight  Wcfttrh 
Line,  to  Wyonoake  Creek,  which  lies  within,  or  about  the  De- 
gVTr  rJalVty  Si?'  and  Thirty  Minutes  Northern  Latitude 

f /°KVn  a/ire?  Lille'  aS  far  as  the  Smhsilf^ 
South  and  ^Masfar  as  the  Degrees  of  Twenty  Niie  1*3 
clufive  Aorthern  Latitude,  and  fo  Weft,  in  a  dired;  Line,  Ts  far 
as  the  South  Seas-    together  with  all  and  Angular  Ports 
Harbours    Bays,  Rivers  and  Iflets,  belonging  SSSgft* 

58&S  A^  afbrefaM-  «i%*nSs^nfe 
Fields  Woods,  Mountains,  Ferms.  Lakes,  Rivers,  Bays  and 
Iflets,  fituate,  or  being  within  the  Bounds,  or  Limits!  If? 
before  mentioned  v  with  the  Fiihing  of  all  forts  of  ¥^,WhaL 
Sturgeons,  and  all  other  Royal  Fifhes  in  the  Sea,  Bays,  Iflets 
and  Rivers,  within  the  Premifes,  and  the  Fifh  therein  taken 
together  with  the  Royalty  of  the  Sea,  upon  the  Coaft  with! 
an  the  Limits  aforefaid.    And  moreover,  all  Veins,  Mines 

and 


*/ CAROLINA. 


H 


a  ad  Quarries,  as  welldifcoveredasnot  difeover'd,  of  Gold, 
Silver,  Gems  and  Precious  Stories,  and  all  other  whatfoever ; 
be  it  of  Stones,  Metal,  or  any  other  thing  found,  or  to  be 
found  within  the  Province,  Territory,  Ifletf  and  Limits 
aforefaid. 

And  furthermore,  the  Patronage  and  Advowfons  of  all  the 
Churches  and  Chappels,  which  as  the  Chriftian  Religion  fhall 
encreafe  within  the  Province,,  Territory,  Iiles,  and  Limits  a- 
forefaid,  fhall  happen  hereafter  to  be  ere&ed  ;  together,  with 
Licence  and  Power  to  buiiiiand  found  Churches,  Ch^ppeis 
and  Oratories  in  convenient  and  fit  places,  within  the  faid 
Bounds  and  Limits  -,  and  to  caufe  them  to  be  Dedicated  and 
Confecrated,  according  to  theEcclefiaflicalLawsof  Our  King- 
dom Qi. Engl  and:,  together  with  all  and;  lingular,  the  like,  and 
as  ample, '.Rights ,  Jurifdi&ions  ^Privileges j, .  Prerogative S\ 
Royalties,  Liberties,  Immunities  a.ad.Franchifes,  of  what 
Kind  foever,  within  .the  Territory*  Hies,,  Ifletsand  Limits-^ 
forefaid.  To  have,  hold,  ufe,  exercife  and  enjoy  the  fame,  as 
amply,  fully,  and  in  as  ample  Manneiyas  any  Bifhop  oi  Durham. 
in  Our  Kingdom  of  England,w§r  heretofore  had,  held,  ufed, 
or  enjoyed,  or  of  right  oughtv  or  could  have,  ufe,  or  enjoy^ 
and  them  the  Laid  Edward  Earl  of  Clarendon,  George  Duke  of 
Albemarle,  William  Earl  of  Cramn,  John  Lor&Berkeleyl  Anthony 
Lord  Ajhley,  Sir  George.  Carterett,  Sir  'John  Colleton,  and  Sir 
William  Berkeley,  their  Heirs  and  Affigns  y  We  do  by  thefe 
Prefents,  for  Us,  Our  Heirs  and  Succeflbrs,  make,  create  and 
conftitute  the  true  and.abfolute  Lojjdsahd  Proprietors  of  the 
faid  Province,  or  Territory,  and  of  all  other  the  Premifes, 
faving  always  the  Faith,  Allegiance  and  Sovereign  Dominion 
due  to  Us ,  our  Heirs  and  .  Succeflbrs  ,  for  the'  fame  i  to 
have,  hold,  poflefs  and  enjoy  the  faid  Province,  Territory, 
Iflets,  and  all  and  Angular,  other  the  Premifes,  to  them  the 
faid  Edward  Earl  of  Clarendon,  George  Duke  of  Albemarle,  Wil- 
liam Earl  ;of  Craven,  John  Lord  Berkeley,  Anthony  Lord  Afh- 
ley ,  Sir  George  Carterett,  Sir  John  Colleton  and  Sir  William 
Berkeley,  their  Heirs  and  Affigns,  for  Ever,  to  be  holdeu  of 
Us,  Our  Heirs  and  Succeflbrs,  as  of  Our  Mannor  of  Eafl  Green- 
wich, in  Kent,  in  free  and  common  Soccage,  and  not  in  Capite, 
or  by  Kmghts  Service,  yielding  and  paying  yearly  to  Us,  Our 
Heirs  and  Succeflbrs,  for  the  fame,the  fourth  Part  of  all  Goods 
and  Silver  Oar,  which  within  the  Limits  hereby  Granted, 

fhall 


i  a.  a 


The  Second  Charter 


ihall  from  Time  to  Time,  happen  to  be  found,  over  and  be- 
fides  the  Yearly  Rent  of  Twenty  Marks  and  the  fourth  part 
of  the  Gold  and  Silver  Oar,  in  and  by  the  faid  recited  Let- 
ters Patents  teferved  and  payable. 

And  that  the  Province,  or  Territory  hereby  granted  and 
defcribed,  may  be  dignifyed  with  as  large  Titles  and  Privi- 
leges, as  any  other  Parts  of  our  Dominions  and  Territories  in 
that  Region  ;  Know  ye,  That  We,  of  our  farther  Grace,  cer- 
tain Knowledge  and  meer  Motion,  have  thought  fit  to  annex 
the  fame  Trad  of  Ground  and  Territory,  unto  the  fame  Pro- 
vince of  Carolina,  and  out  of  the  Fulnefs  of  our  Royal  Power 
and  Prerogative,  We  do  for  Us,  our  Heirs  and  Succeflbrs, 
annex  and  unite  the  fame  to  the  faid  Province  of  Carolina. 
And  forafmuch  as  We  have  made  and  ordained  the  aforefaid 
Edward  Earl  of  Clarendon,  George  Duke  of  Albemarle,  William 
Earl  of  Craven,  John  Lord  Berkeley,  Anthony  Lord  Ajhley^ 
Sir  George  Carter  ett,  Sir  John  Colleton,  and  Sir  William  Berkeley, 
their  Heirs  and  Affigns,  the  true  Lords  and  Proprietors  of 
all  the  Province  or  Territory  aforefaid ;  Know  ye  therefore 
moreover,  that  We  repofing  efpecial  Truft  and  Confidence  in 
their  Fidelity,  Wifdom,  Juftice  and  provident  Circumfpecrion 
for  Us,  our  Heirs  and  SuccefTors,  do  grant  full  and  abfolute 
Power,  by  virtue  of  thefe  Prefents,  to  them  the  faid  Edward 
Earl  of  Clarendon,  George  Duke  of  Albemarle  ^William  Earl  of 
Craven,  John  Lord  Berkeley,  Anthony  Lord  Ajhley,  Sir  George 
Catterett,  Sir  John  Colleton,  and  Sir  William  Berkeley,  and  their 
Heirs  and  Affigns,  for  the  good  and  happy  Government  of 
the  faid  whole  Province  or  Territory,  full  Power  and  Autho* 
rity  to  erect,  conftitute,  and  make  feveral  Counties,  Baronies^ 
and  Colonies,  of  and  within  the  faid  Provinces,  Territories^ 
Lands  and  Hereditaments,  in  and  by  the  faid  recited  Letters 
Patents ,  and  thefe  Prefents,  granted,  or  mentioned  to  be 
granted,  as  aforefaid,  with  feveral  and  diftindt  Jurifdidtions, 
Powers,  Liberties  and  Privileges.  And  alfo,  to  ordain, 
make  and  enadr,  and  under  their  Seals,  topublifh  any  Laws 
and  Constitutions  whatfoever,  either  appertaining  to  the 
publick  State  of  the  laid  whole  Province  or  Territory,  or  of 
any  diftindt  or  particular  County,  Barony  or  Colony,  of  or 
within  the  fame,  or  to  the  private  Utility  of  particular  Per- 
fons,  according  to  their  beft  Discretion,  by  and  with  the  Ad- 
vice, AfTentand  Approbation  of  the  Freemen  of  the  faid  Pro- 
vince 


of  CAROLINA. 


m 


~-n,,  or  Territory,  or  of  the  Freemen  of  the  County,  Barony 
6 •  cXnlft ^  wh  chrfach  Law  or  Constitution  ftall  be  made, 
or?h^TreateftPart  of  them,  or  of  their  Delegates  or  Depu- 
t 'es   Xm  for  enading  of  the  faid  Laws,  when  and  as  oftea 
as  ne^d  fhall  require,  We  will  that  the  faid  Edward  Ezvl  of 
cZnlTGeorgemie  of  Albemarle,  William  Earl  of  Craven, 
?fkn  Lord  Berkeley,  Anthony  Lord  AjUey,  Sir George  Carterett, 
S  ^l£c5^»  and  Sir  WVto  M^<£  «d  .their  Heirs  or 
St  S5l  from  Time  to  Time,  affcmble  in  fuch  Manner 
rndForm isto  them  mall  feem belt:  And  the  fame  Laws  duly 
to  execuTe  upon  all  People  within  the  faid  Province  or  ler- 
ntorv    CoS  Barony  or  Colony,  and  the  Limits  thereof, 
for  [he  T?me  being,  which  fhall  be  confuted  under  the 
Power  a^  Government  of  them,  or  any  of  them  either  fail- 
inTtowards  the  faid  Province  or  Territory  of  Carohna ,ot 
re?uS  from  thence  towards  England,  or  any  other  of  our, 
or  forebn  Dominions,  by  Impofition  of.Penakies,  Impn- 
Lmen  for  any  other  Punifliment:  Yea,ifit  fhall  be  need-- 
ful   and  the  auklity  of  the  Offence  require  it    by  taking  a- 
'  M.mW^d  Life,  either  by  them,  the  faid  Edward  Earl 
W/^     £    ctm\  Duk   of  Albemarle,  WMam  Earl  of  CM. 
I^lSW,  ^thony  Lord  tfk    Sir— 
Sem r,  Sir3W»  C,//efi,andSir^T.^^,  and  their 
Hers  or  by  them  or  their  Deputies,  Lieutenants    judges, 
Tdtices   MaftiftrateV,  or  Officers  whatfoever,  as  well  within 
xne  fcfd  Province^  at  Sea,  in  fuch  Manner  and  Form  as  una 
the  iSd  Edvard  Earl  of  GUM****  Ge^e  Duke  of  f^rh 
miUam  Earl  of  £tf»A  jM«  ^rd  JfcrMgr,  ^ **  Lord 
Se7sfrW»  C.r^,  Sir  John  Colleton,  and  Sir  «fc 
^&f  and  their  Heirs,  fhall  feem  moit  convenient;  Alio, 
foreS     releafe,  pardon  and  abolifh,  whether  before  Judg- 
ment or  after,  ail  Crimes  and  Offences  whatfoever   agamft 
SI  ftS  Laws-- and  to  do  all  and  every  other  Thing  and 
SSS&JS  the  compleatEftablimmentofJuftice 
M ^Courts,  Seflion,  and  Forms  of  Judicature,  and  Manners 
It  ^rnreedines  therein,  do  belong,  altho'  in  thefe  Prefents, 
«iS Sm  i&onl  not  made  thereof,  and  by  Judges,  to  hin, 
S  them  delegated  to  award,  procefs,  hold  Pleafe,  and  detei  - 
mine  in  all  the  faid  Courts  and  Places  of  Judicature,  all  ■  Afti- 
Tns   Suit  and  Caufes  whatfoever,  as  well  criminal  as  civil, 
r3,S,  perfonal,  or  of  any  other  Kind  or  tttarewha*. 


344 


1  ; 


Tbe'Sgcond  Chsrtei? 


foever  :  Which'JLaws  fa  as;  aforefaid,  -to  .be-publifhed, ,  Our 
Pleafure. island-.  We  .da  cojoyn,  require  and  commang,  iljall 
be  ahfolutely, -fitnl«and'av:ail:able4ft  'Law,-,,  and'that .all. the 
Leige  People  of  Usv  out  jKeirs;  and'. -Succe#pr.s:j  fw'ith£n  the. 
faid  .Province,  or  Territory,,  do^.ohfe/ve  andVjkeejj  tkeilme 
inviolably  in  thofe  Paft5,"Jo  far  as.tbey:  concern  them,  under 
the  Pains  and  Penalties- therein  exprejfed  •  or  to  be  excelled  * 
provided:  nevertheifCs^  thatuhe  ;faiG  .Laws  be  confonant  .to. 
Reafon,  and  as';  near  asr may-  jbe  .cpriyen^tiyj  'agreeab^ft» 
the  Laws  and  Cuftoms  of  this  our:  Realm  of '  ErgUwd.  ' 

And  becaufe  fuchAffemblies  of  Fref-h;oldcrs  cannot  be  fo' 
fuddenly  called,  as  there  may  be  Occafi^n  to  require  the  fame ; 
We  do  therefore  by  thefe  Prefents,  give  and  grant  unto  the 
faid  Edward  Ezv\  of  Clarendon,  Gep-rge  Duke  of '  Alhe marie ,W'd~ 
Ham  Earl  of  Craven,  John  Lord  Berkeley ,  Anthony,  Lord  ~AJJi- 
ley  ,  Sir  George  Carterett ,  Sir  John  Colleton,  and  Sir  William. 
Berkeley,  their  Heirs  and  Afligns,  by  themfelves  or  their  Ma- 
giftrates  in  that  Behalf,  lawfully  authorized,  full  Power  and 
Authority  from  Time  to  Time,  to  make. arid  ordain  fit  and 
wholfome  Orders  and  Ordinances,  within  the  Province  or, 
Territory  aforefaid,  or  any  County,  Barony  or  Province,  of 
or  within  the  fame,  to  be  kept  and  obferved,  as  well  for  the 
keeping  of  the  Peace,  as  for  the  better  Government  of  the 
People  there  abiding,  and  to  publifh  the  fame  to  all  to  whom 
it  may  concern  :  Which  Ordinances  we  do,  by  thefe  Prefents, 
ftreightly  charge  and  command  to  be  inviolably  obferved 
within  the  fame- Province,  Counties,  Territories,  Baronies, 
and  Provinces,  under  the  Penalties  therein  exprefled  ;  fo  as 
fuch  Ordinances  be  reafonable  and  not  repugnant  or  contra- 
ry, but  as  near  as, may  be  agreeable  to  the  Laws  and  Statutes 
of  this  our  Kingdom  of  England;  and  fo  as  the  fame  Ordi- 
nances do  not  extend  to  the  binding,  charging  or  taking  a- 
way  of  the  Right  or  Intereft  of  anyPeribn.  or  Perfons,in  their 
freehold  Goods,  or  Chattels,  whatfoeyer. 

And  to  the  end  the  faid  Province  or  Territory,  may  be  the 
more  happily  encreafed  by  the  Multitude  of  People  reforting 
thither ,  and  may  likewife  be  the  more  ftrongly  defended 
from  the  Incurfioas  of  Savages  and  other  Enemies,  Pirates; 
and  Robbers.  '-.Vc 


E 


'  bl 


■ 


•    •  '■ 


There: 


of  CAROLINA. 


45 


Therefore,  We  for  Us,  Our  Heirs  and  Succeflbrs,  do  give 
and  grant  by  thefe  Prefents,  Power,  Licenfe  and  Liberty 
unto  all  the  Leige  People  of  Us,  our  Heirs  and  Succeflbrs  in 
our  Kingdom  of  England,  or  elfewhere,  within  any  other 
our  Dominions,  lflands,  Colonies  or  Plantations  ;  /excepting 
thofe.  who  (hall  be  efpecially  forbidden)  to  tranfport  them- 
felves  and  Families  into  the  faid  Province  or  Territory,  with 
convenient  Shipping,  and  fitting  Proviiions  ;and  there  to  fet- 
tle themfelves,  dwell  and  inhabit,  any  Law,  Ad,  Statute,  Or- 
dinance, or  other  Thing  to  the  contrary  in  any  wife,  not- 
withftanding. 

And  we  will  alfo,  and  ofOurefpecial  Grace,  for  Us,  our 
Heirs  and  Succeflbrs,  do  flreightly  enjoyn,  ordain,  conftitute 
and  demand,  That  the  faid  Province  or  Territory,  fhall  be 
of  our  Allegiance  \  and  that  all  and  Angular,  the  Subjeds 
and  Leige  People  of  Us,  our  Heirs  and  Succeflbrs,  tranfpor- 
ted,  or  to  be  tranfported  into  .the  faid  Province,  and  the 
Children  of  them,  and  fuch  as  (hall  defcend  from  them,  there 
born,  or  hereafter  to  be  born,  be,  and  fhall  be  Denizens  and 
Lieges  of  Us,  our  Heirs  and  Succeflbrs  of  this  our  Kingdom 
of  England^  and  be  in  all  Things,  held,  treated  and  reputed 
as  the  Liege  faithful  People  of  Us,  our  Heirs  and  Succeflbrs, 
born  within  this  our  faid  Kingdom,  or  any  other  of  our  Do- 
minions •,   and  may  inherit,  or  otherwife  purchafe  and  re- 
ceive, take,  hold,  buy  and  pofl'efs  any  Lands,  Tenements  or 
Hereditaments,  within  the  faid  Places,  and  them  may  occu* 
py,  and  enjoy,  fell,  alien  and  bequeath  \  as  likewife,  all  Li- 
berties, Frartcbifes  and  Privileges  of  this  our  Kingdom,  and 
of  other  our  Dominions  aforefaid ,   may  freely  and  quietly 
have,  poflefs  and  enjoy,  as  our  Liege  People  born  within  the 
fame,  without  the  Moleftation,  Vexation,  Trouble  or  Grie- 
vance of  Us,  Our  Heirs  and  Succeflbrs,  any  Ad,  Statute, 
Ordinance,  or  Provifion  to  the  contrary,  notwithftanding. 
.  And  furthermore,  That  Our  Subjeds  of  this  Our  faid  King- 
dom of  England^  and  other  our  Dominions,  may  be  the  rather 
encouraged  to  undertake  this  Expedition,  with  ready  and 
chearfalMinds  -0  Know  Ye,  That  We,  of  Our  efpecial  Grace, 
certain  Knowledge  and  meer  Motion,  <\o  give  and  grant,  by 
virtue  of  thefe  Prefents,  as  well  to  the  faid  Edward  Earl  of 
Clarendon,  George  Duke  of  Albemarle,  William  Earl  of  Craven, 
John  Lord  Berkeley,  Anthony  Lord  Ajbley,  Sir  George  Cmerett9 

K  k  wir 


54.6 


The  Second  Charter 


Sir  John  Colleton,  arid  Sir  William  Berkeley,  and  their  Heirs,  as 
unto  all  others  as  fhali,.froni  time  to  time,  repair  unto  the  faid 
Province  or  Territory.,  with  a  JPurpofe  to  inhabit  there,  or  to 
trade  with  the  Natives  thereof  v  Full  Liberty  and  Licenfe  to 
lade  and  freight  in  every  Port  whatfoever,  of  Us,  our  Heirs 
and  Succeilbrs  \  and  into  the  faid  Province  of  Carol .na ;hy  them, 
their  Servants  -and  A  ffigns,  to  tranfport  all  and  lingular,  their 
Goods,  Wares  and  Merchandises :  as  likewife^  ;all i  fort  of 
Grain  whatfoevei;,  and  any  other  Thing  whatfoever,  necef- 
iary  for  their  Food  and  Gloathi-ag,  not  prohibited  by  the 
Laws  and  Statutes  of  our  Kingdom  and  Dominions,  to  be  car- 
ried out  of  the  fame,  without  any  Letf  or  Moleftation  of  Us, 
our  Heirs  and  SuccefTors,  or  of  any  other  our  Officers  or  Mi- 
Bifters  iW;hatfoever  \  faving  alfoito  l§kj  otirilileirsand  Succd* 
fors,  the  Cuftoms,and  other' Duties  and  Payment's  due  for  the- 
laid  Wares  and  Merchandizes,  according  to  the  ft  vera!  Rates-' 
of  the  Place  from  whence  the  fame  lhal'i  be  tranfported. 

We  will  alfo,  and  by  thefe  Prefents,  for  Usrou'r- Heirs  and 
SuccefFors,  do  give  and  grant  Licenfe  by  this  ourGharter-,  un- 
to the  faid  Edward  Earl  of  Clarendon,  Geo'jWCjUke  of  AlbeA 
marle,  William  EarLof  Graven,^  John  Lord  Berhleys-Jinihohy- 
'  Lord  \Ajhley,  Sir  George  Carterett,  Sk'john  Coilefy%,lan<&  Sir 
William  Berkeley,  their  Heirs  and  Affigns,  and  to  all' the  Inha- 
bitants and  Dwellers  in  the  Province  or  Territory  aforefaid,: 
both  prefent  and  to  come,  full  Power  and  Authority  to  im- 
port or  unlade  by  themfelves,  -or  their  Servants,  Factors  or 
Affigns,  all  Merchandizes  and  Goods  whatfoever,  that  mail 
arife  of  the  Fruits  and  Commodities  of  the  faid  Province  or 
Territory,  either  by  Land  or  Sea,  into  any  the  Ports  of  Us,  our 
Heirs  and  Suc'ceffors,  in  our  Kingdom  of  Engl,  Seal,  or  Ireland, 
or  otherwife,  to  difpofe  of  the  faid  Goods,  in  the  faid  Ports. 
And  if  need  .be,  within  one  year  next  after  the  unlading,  to' 
lade  the  faid  Merchandizes  and  Goods  again  in  the  fame,  or 
other  Ships;  and  to  export  the  fame  into  any  other  Coun- 
tries, either  of  our  Dominins  or  foreign,  being  in  Amity 
with  Us,,  our  Heirs  and  Succeffors,  fo  as  they  pay  fuch 
Cuftoms,  Subsidies  and  other  Duties  for  the  fame  to  Us,  our 
Heirsand  Succeffors*,  as  the  reft  x>f  our  Subjects  of  this-  our 
Kingdom,  for  the  Time  being,  {hall  be  bound  to  pay.  Beyond 
which  We  will  not  that  the  Inhabitants  of  the  faid  Province^ 
or  Territory,  fhall  beany  ways  charged..  Provided,  never- 
¥erthelefs?  and  our  Will  and  Pfeafure  is,  and  we  have  fur- 
ther* 


Y  CAROLINA. 


47 


tiler,  for  the  Conllderations  aforefaid,  of  our  fpecial  Grace, 
certain  Knowledge  and  meer  Motion,  given  and  granted, 
and  by  thefe  Prefents,  for  Us,  our  Heirs  and  Succeflbrs,  do 
give  and  grant  unto  the  laid  Edward  Earl  of  Clarendon,  George 
Duke  of  Albemarle,  William  Eari  of  Craven;  John  Lord  Berke- 
ley, Anthony  Lord  Ajhley,  Sir  George  Carterett,  Sir  John  Colle- 
ton, a.w\S'\K  William  Berkeley,  their  Heirs  and  AfTigns,  full  and 
free  Licenfe,  Liberty,  Power  and  Authority,  at  any  Time 
or  Times,  from  and  after  the  Feaft  of.St.  Michael  the  Arch- 
Angel,  which,  (hall  be  in  the  Year  of  our  Lord  Chrift,  One 
Thoufand,  Six  Hundred,  Sixty  and  Seven ;  as  well  to  im- 
port and  bring  into  any  our  Dominions  from  the  faid  Pro- 
vince of  Carolina,  or  any  Part  thereof,  the  feveral  Goods  and. 
Commodities  herein  after  mentioned  •,  That  is  to  fay,  Silks, 
Wines,  Currants,  Raifons,  Capers,  Wax,  Almonds,  Oil  and 
Olives,  without  paying  or(  anfwering  to  Us,  our  Heirs  and 
Succeflbrs,  any  Cuftom,- Impoft,  or  other  Duty,  for,  or  in. 
refpect  thereof,  for  and  during  the  Time  and  Space  of  Seven 
Years  to  commence  and  be  accompted  from  and  after  the  firft 
Importation  of  Four  Tons  of  any  the  faid  Goods,  in  any  one 
Bottom  Ship  or  VelTer,  from  thefaid  Province  or  Territory, 
into  any  of  our  Dominions  ;  as  alfo,  to  export  and  carry 
out  of  any  of  our  Dominions  into  the  faid  Province  or  Terri- 
tory, Cuftom-free,  all  forts  of  Tools,  which  fhall  be  ufeful  or 
necefTary  for  the  Planters  there,  in  the  Accommodation  and 
Improvement  of  the  Premifes,  any  thing  before  in  thefe  Pre- 
sents contained,  or  any  Law,  Act,  Statute,  Prohibition,  or 
other  Matter  or  Thing,  heretofore  had,  made,  enacted  or 
provided,  or  hereafter  to  be  had,  made,  ena&ed  or  provided, 
in  any  wife  notwithstanding. 

And  furthermore,  of  our  more  ample  and  efpecial  Grace, 
certain  Knowledge  and.meer  Motion,  We  do  for  Us,  our  Heirs 
and  Succeflbrs,  grant  unto  the  faid  Edward  Earl  of  Clarendon, 
Geor?e  Duke  of  Albemarle,  WiltiamEivl  of  Craven,  John  Lord 
Berkeley,  Anthony  Lord  Ajhley,  Sir  George  Carterett,  Sir  John 
Colleton,  and  Sir  Will. Berkeley,  their  Heirs  and  AfTigns,  full  and 
abfolute  Power  and  Authority  to  make,  ere<2t  and  conftitute 
within  the.  faid  Province  or  Territory,  aud  the  Ifles  and  Iflets 
aforefaid ,  fuch  and  fo  many  Sea-Forts,  Harbours,  Creeks  and 
other  Places  for  difcharge  and  unlading  of  Goods  and  Merchan- 
dizes out  of  Ships,  Boats,  and  other  VefTels,  and  for  lading  of 
them  in  fuch  and  fo  many  Places,  as  with  fach  Jurifdittions, 

Kk2  Pri- 


H8 


The  Second  Charter 


Privileges  and  Franchifes,  unto  the  faid  Ports  belonging,  as 
to  them  fhall  feem  moft  expedient ;  And  that  all  and  lingular 
the  Ships,  Boats  and  other  VefTels,  which  fhall  come  for  Mer- 
chandizes, and  trade  into  the  faid  Province  or  Territory  or 
fhall  depart  out  of  the  fame,  fhall  be  laden  and  unladen  at 
fuch  Ports  only,  as  fhall  be  ere&ed  and  conftitued  by  the  faid 
Edward  E^r\  of Clarendon,  George  Duke  of  Albemarle,  William 
ILaxl  of  Craven,  John  Lord  Berkeley,  Anthony  Lord  Ajhley,  Sir 
George  Carterett,  Sir  John  Colleton,  and  Sir  William  Berkeley 
their  Heirs  and  Affigns,  and  not  elfew here,  anyUfe^  Cu- 
ftom,  or  any  thing  to  the  contrary  in  any  wife  notwithftand- 

And  we  do  furthermore  will,  appoint  and  ordain,  and  by 
thefe  Prefents,  for  Us,  our  Heirs  and  Succeflbrs,  do  grant 
unto  the  faid  Edward  Earl  of  Clarendon,  George  Duke  of 
Albemarle,  William  Earl  of  Craven,  John  Lord  Berkeley  An- 
thony Lord  Ajhley,  Sir  George  Carterett,  Sir  John  Colleton  and 
Sir  William  Berkeley ,  their  Heirs  and  Affigns,  That  they, 
the  faid  Edward  Earl  of  Clarendon,  George  Duke  of  Albemarle 
William  Earl  of  Craven,  John  Lord  Berkeley,  Anthony  Lord 
Ajliley,  Sir  George  Carterett,  Sir  John  Colleton,  and  Sit  William 
Berkeley,  their  Heirs  and  Affigns,  may  from  Time  to  Time  for 
ever,  have  and  enjoy  the  Cuftoms  and  Subfidies  in  the  Ports 
Harbours,Creeks  and  other  Places,  within  the  Province  afore- 
faid,  payable  for  the  Goods,  Merchandizes  and  Wares  there 
laded,  or  to  be  laded  or  unladed,  the  faid  Cuftoms  to  be  reafo- 
aably  affeffed  upon  any  Occafion  by  themfelves,  and  by  and 
with  the  Confent  of  the  free  People,  or  the  greater  Part  of 
them,  as  aforefaid;  to  whom  We  give  Power  by  thefe  Prfe- 
fents,  for  Us,  our  Heirs  and  Succeffors,  upon  juft  Caufeand 
in  a  due  Proportion  to  afTefs  and  impofe  the  fame. 

And  further,  of  our  efpecial  Grace ,  certain  Knowledge 
and  meer  Motion,  we  have  given,  granted  and  confirmed 
and  by  thefe  Prefents,  for  Us,  our  Heirs  and  Succeffors  do 
give,  grant  and  confirm  unto  the  faid  Edward  Earl  of  Claren- 
don, George  Duke  of  Albemarle,  William  Earl  of  Craven,  John- 
Lord  Berkeley,  Anthony  Lord  Ajhley,  Sir  George  Carterett,  Sir 
John  Colleton,  and  ShWilliam  Berkeley,  their  Heirs  and  Affigns* 
foil  and  abfolute  Power,  Licenfe  and  Authority,  that  they 
the  faid  Edward  Earl  of  Clarendon,  George  Duke  of  Albemarle 
William  Earl  of  Craven,   John  Lord  Berkeley^  Anthony  Lord 

Ajhley, 


*/ Carolina! 


H9 


Mley,  Sir  George  Carterett,  Sir  John  Colleton,  ancL Sir  WBum 
ilhley,  their  Heirs  and  Affigns,  from  Time  to  Time,  here- 
after for  ever,  afc  his  and  their  Will  and  Pleafure,  may  affign, 
alien/grant,  demife  or  enfeoff  the  Premifes  or  any  Part  or 
PaVel  thereof  to  him  or  them,  that  lhall  be  willing  to  pur- 
chafe  the  fame  ;  and  to  fuch  Perfon  and  Perfons,  as  they  fliatt 
think  fit,  to  have,  and  to  hold  to  them  the  iaid  Perfon  or 
Perfons,  their  HeHaad  Affigns,in-Fee  fimple  or  in  Fee Tay le 
or  for  the  Term  of  Life  or  Lives,  or  Years  to  be  heldof 
them,  the  faid  Edward  Earl  of  Clarendon,  Gentle  puke  or  £fr 
bemarle,  WdlUm  Earl  of  Craven,  -John  Lord  Berkeley,  Ant  bony- 
Lord  Alhley,  Sir  George  Carterett,  Sir  John  Colleton,  and  >ir 
Wtlliam  Berkeley,  their  Heirs  and  Affigns,  by  MiMfe  Ser- 
vices andCuftoms,  as  fhall  feem  fit  to  them  the  faid  |^W 
Earl  of  Clarendon,  Georgemte  &f  Albmarf,rWfam^vl  m 
Craven,   John  Lord  Berkeley,   Anthony  Lord  Ajhley^  Sit  Georg* 
Carterltt,  Sir  John  Colleton,  and  WtBam  Berkeley,  their  Heirs 
and  Affigns,  and  not  of  Us,  our  Heirs  and  Succeffors  i  And 
to  the  fame  Perfon  and  Perfons,  and  to  all  and  every  of  them, 
We  do  give  and  grant  by  thefe  Prefents,  for  Us,  our  Heirs 
and  Succefibrs,  Licenfe,  Authority  and  Power,  that  fuch  Per- 
fon or  Perfons,  may  have  and  take  the  Premifes,  or  any  Par- 
cel thereof,  of  the  faid  Edward  Earl  of  Clarendon,  Gtorgepxxks 
of  Albemarle ,  William  Earl  of  Craven,  John  Lord  Berkeley,, 
Anthony  Lord  Ajklcy,  Sir  George  Carterett,  SfJohn  Colleton* 
and  Sir  William  Berkeley,  their  Heirs  and  Affigns,  and  the 
fame  to  hold  to  themfelves,  their  Heirs  or  Affigns,  in_what 
Eftate  of  Inheritance  foever,  in  Fee  fimple,  or  inFeeTayle, 
or  otherwife,  as  to  them  the  faid  Edward  Earl  of  Clarendon* 
George  Duke  of  Albemarle,  William  Earl  of  Craven-,  John  Lord 
Berkeley,  Anthony  Lord  Ajhley,  Sir  George  Cartentt,  Sir  John 
Colleton,  and  Sir  William  Berkeley,  their  Heirs  and  Affigns,  malt 
feem  expedient ;  The  Statute  in  the  Parliament  of  Edward* 
Son  of  King  Henry,  heretofore  King  of  England,  ourPrede- 
ceflbr, commonly  called, The  Statuteof^^  Emptores  Terror',, 
or  any  other  Statute,  Ad,  Ordinance*  Ufe,.  Law,  Cuftom, 
any  other  Matter,  Caufe  or  Thing  heretofore  publiined  or 
provided  to  the  contrary,  in  any  wife  notwithstanding* 

And  becaufe  many  Perfons  born  and  inhabiting  m  WftifrW 
Province  for  their  Deferts  and  Services  miry  exped,  and  be 
capable  of  tyarks  of  Honour  and  Favour,  which,  in  refpea 


5o 


l-he  Second  Charter  - 


-of  the  great  Diftance  cannot  conveniently  be  conferred  by 
Uiyout  Will  aad  Pleafur-e  therefore  is,  and  We'd 5  by,  trie'fe- 
Prefects,-  give  and  grant  tin  to  the- laid  Edward  mn®f-€UL 
re$W$ '  ®fcgfmm%PMlUMrt&WMm  Lord  "&&>&$  John 
L^dWmeliyj'^mmyMrd  Idfiley,  $&®mti  Carterett+Sk 
John  CelletohiGtid.  Sir  William  Berkeley,-  their  Heirs  and  Alliens, 
full  Power  and  Authority  to  give  and-confer  ufito,  and  upon 
fach'of  thelnbabitants' of-  the- faid1  Province,  or  Territory 
as  they-  ll'  thihkvdoVwaal'ljiierit  the  fame,-  -fach  Marks 
Wf    aUdTilksW HMour,-as  •"  they^M  think  fit,  fo  as 
tbeir  Titles  of  Honours  be  not  the  fameas  are  enjoyed'by,  or 


*  kiri'Tj       '  vivcry-vticic;  rreiencs,  *ror  us,  uur> 

Hetfs -and  SuccelTdrs,rgive  and  Grte,  Licenfe  to  them'  the" 
M^rd'-EavlomareMon.,  'Getfgfbuke  Of  Albemarle,  William 
EarloFCmw??: .«0W»  Lord  Berkeley;  'Anthony  Lord  j?p%|  Sir 
GW^e  Carter^ -Sir  y^»  -(7*//^  and  Sir  »?/&»»  Berkeley  < 
their  Heirs  and-  Affigns,  full  Power,  Liberty  and  Licenfe,  to 
W§&k  R-aife  and  Build  within- the  laid-  Province  and -Places 
afcrefaM  .-  or  ahyPart  -or  ^art%^thefe<jf,  fuch  and  To  many' 
Fort*,  -FortrefTes,  Oaftlesy  GitfesV  -Boroughs,  Towns,-' Villa-' 
ges  and:  other  Fortifications  .Wbatfoever-,  and  the  fame  or 
any  of  them  to  Fortify  and  Furnifh  with  Ordnance,  Powder, 
Shot,  Armour  and  all  other  Weapons,  Ammunition  and  Ha- 
biliments of  War,  both  Defenfive  and  OfFenlive,  as  fhall  be 
th'bught'fLt  and  convenient  fot  the  Safety  and  Welfare  of  the 
faid  Province,  and  Places,  or  anyiPart  thereof  j  and  the  fame 
or  any  of  them,  from  Time  to  Time,  as OccafTon fhall  require^ 
to  Difmantle  ,  Disfurnifh  i  Demolifh  and  Pull  down  j  And 
alfo  to  Place,  Conftitute  and  Appoint  in,  or  over  all,  or  any 
of  the  faid  Caftlesj-  Forts,-  Fortifications,  Cities,  Towns  and 
Places  aforefaid,  GovernOurs,  -Deputy  Governours  Magi- 
ftraresv^Skpiffs  and  other  Officers,  Civil  and  MMitary,  as  to 
therh^lil^feewi^lneei: ;  and"  to  the  faid-  Cities,  Boroughs,: 
Towns,  Villages,  or  any  other  Place  or  Places,  within  the 
faid  Prbvince  or  Territory,  to  Grant  Letters  or  Charters 
of  Incorporation,  with' all  Liberties,  Franchifes  and  Privi- 
leges requifite,  or  ufual,  to,  or  within  this  our  Kingdom 
fflj  -England  granted^  or  belonging  ^  And  in  the  fame  Ci- 
ties, •Boroughs,  Towns  and  other  Places,  to  Gonititute* 
Eredand  Appoint  fuch,  and  fo  many  Markets,  Marts  and' 

Fairs, 


of CAROLINA 


*5 


mm*&  (hall  in  that  Behalf  be  thought  fit  and  necefhry  ; 
And farther  lfo"  to  Ereft  and  Make  in  the  Province -or  Ter- 
rl^y^relaidAr  any  Part  thereof,  *>  many  Mannors  with 
fch  Series  as  to  thenVmall  ieem  meet  and  convenient, 
fnd  in  Serv-ofthe  fame  Manners  to-have  an  d * -hold  a .Court- 
Baron,  with  ail  Things  whatever  wn.ch  to  a ^rt-Baion 
do  belong  and  to  have  and  to  hold  Views  orFiahk  WWgej 
a^dSrt'Leet,  for  the  GonferVationof  th^  Peaee,"and^cL- 
SS^  thbfeParts,  with  >m®  yg®  |»8*&* 


Sou  s  to  be-  MMfe  hy  ^^M^.b^e^e^a.^^h^ 
X*v  Lord  3*fe  S^^{C^?4  ^<Wf!?SSH 

7'And  becatfft  «QrfK3M«*W  a'Cotm^and  Sifuat* 
among  fo  many. Barbarous  Nations,  the  Invasions  as  Well  of 
Sis  «  otLr  Enemies,  Pirates,  and-  Robbjrs  may  |&o~ 

Viniam-  Earl  Sof  fiBE**,"  »§S ISS  *&*<*&  ^jffiSS 
y»?,  Sir  CerrfeCtrterett,  Sir  ?^&$?  and-  Sir  WW** 
Behlel  their  Heirs  or  Affigns  bythemfelves,  or  their-  Cap- 
S,  ir^hflir  Officers  to~W  ]  Mufter^nd-Trnd-.u;?,^ 
grS  of  Mifft  wte  Conditioner,'^  rtgg®**  rJfl 
father i¥*5 feid Province,  or-flfeft  her*,  J#^»^ 
MM  and  to  make  War  and  pur fce  the  -Enemies  afe-refaid ^ 
■  wfllb^Sea,  as  by  Land,  yea,  even  without  che  Limit,  of  h^ 
ftid  Province,  and  "by  God's  AOiftance,  to  Vanquift  and  Take, 
&%dbAng  Taken,  to  put  Am  to,  Deadly  W  £g  ' 
S^aM,  tS  fl^  &iW  fefc&r  •Pleafeel^d  to; 
S  and  tfwfefc*  -tning, eftttg  to  .^Charge -and  OIS** 
Sa  CaptaiV  General  of  fa  Army  belonged  or  hph  ^ 


2K1 


The  Second  Charter 


jtangft  beloiig.as  fully  and  freely  as  any  Captain  General 

A  Ajfp,  pur  WiJ!  and  Plea&re  is, '^nd  by  this  Our  Charter 
We  dp  give  mf  grant  unto  the  &id  Edward  Earl  of  Clarendon, 
fr^Pukeof  Albemarle,   WUliam  Lord  Craven,  John  Lord 
Mdey,  Anthony  Lord  AJldey,  Sir  George  Carterett,  Sir  John 
Colleton,  and  Sir  Willimn  Berkeley,  their  Heirs  and  Affigns,  full 
Power,  .Liberty  and  Authority,  in  Cafe  of  Rebellion,  Tumult 
or  Sedition  (if  any  mould  happen,  which  God  forbid)  either' 
upon  the  Land  within  the  Province  aforefaid,  or  upon  the 
main  Sea,  m  making  a  Voyage  thither,  or  returning  from 
thence,  by  him  and  themfelves,  their  Captains,  Deputies  or 
umeers,  to  be  authorized  under  his  or  their  Seals,  for  that 
purppfe;  To  whom  aifo  for  Us,  our  Heirs  and  SuccefTors,  We 
do  give  and  grant  by  thefe  Prefents,  full  Power  and  Autho- 
rity to  exercife^  Martial  Law;  againft  mutinous  and  feditious 
Perfons  of  thofe  Parts*  fuch  as  fliall  refufe  to  fubmit  them! 
lelves  to  their  Government,  or  lhall  refufe  to  ferve  in  the 
Wars,  or  lhall  fly  to  the  Enemy,  or  forfake  their  Colours  or 
Unligns,  or  be  Loiterers  or  Stragglers,  or  otherwife  howfo- 
cyer  offending  againft  Law,  Cuftom,  or  Military  Difcipline 
as  freely  and  m  as  ample  Manner  and  Form  as  any  Captain 
General  of  an  Army,  by  virtue  of  his  Office,  might,  or  hath 
accuftomed  to  ufe  the  fame. 

And  Our  further  Pleafure  is,  and  by  thefe  Prefents,  for  Us 
our  Heirs  and  Sacceflbrs,  We  do  grant  unto  the  fa  id  Edward 
harlot Clarendon,  George  Duke  of  Albemarle,  William  Earl  of 
Craven,  John  Lord  Berkeley,  Anthony  Lord  Ajhley,  Sir  GvWe 
Carterett,  Sir  John  Colleton,  and  Sir  William  Berkeley  their 
Heirs  and  Affigns,  and  to  the  Tenants -and  Inhabitants  of  the 
laid  Province,  or  Territory,  both  prefent  and  to  come,  and 
to  every  of  them,  that  the  faid  Province,  or  Territory 
and  the  Tenants  and  Inhabitants  thereof,  lhall  not  from 
Henceforth,  be  held  or  reputed  any  Member,  or  Part  of 
any  Colony  whatfoever ,  in  America  or  elfewhere ,  now 
transported  or  made,  or  hereafter  to  be  tranfported  or 
made  -,  nor  mall  he  depending  on,  or  fubjed  to  their 
Government  in  any  Thing,  but  be  abfolutely  feparated  and 
divided  from  the  fame:  And  our  Pleafute  is,  by  thefe- Pre- 
*eats,  That  they  may  be  feparattd,  and:  that  they  be  fubjed 

irii- 


cf  CAROLINA. 


*53 


immediately  to  our  Crown  of  England.,  as  depending  thereof 
for  ever.  And  that  the  Inhabitants  of  the  faid  Province  or 
Territory,  or  any  of  them,  fhall  at  any  Time  hereafter,  be 
compelled  or  cotnpellible,  or  be  any  ways  fubjed,  or  liable 
to  appear  or  anfwer  to  any  Matter,  Suit,  Caufe,  or  Plaint 
whatsoever,  out  of  the  Province  or  Territory  aforefaid,  in 
any  other  of  our  Iflands,  Colonies  or  Dominions  in  America, 
or  elfewhere,  other  than  in  our  Realm  of  England  wi  Do- 
minion of  Wales. 

And  becaufe  it  may  happen,  That  fome  of  the  People  and 
Inhabitants  of  the  faid  Province,  cannot  in  their  private  O- 
pinions  conform  to  the  Publick  Exercife  of  Religion  according 
to  the  Liturgy,  Forms  and  Ceremonies  of  the  Church  of  Eng- 
land, or  take  or  fubfcribe  the  Oaths  and  Articles  made  and 
eftablifhed  in  that  Behalf:  And  for  that  the  fame,  by  reafon 
of  the  remote  Diftances  of  thofe  Places,  will,  as  we  hope,  be 
no  Breach  of  the  Unity,  and  Conformity,  Eftabliihed  in  this 
Nation ;  Our  Will  and  Pleafure  therefore  is,  and  We  do  by 
thefe  Prefents  for  Us,  Our  Heirs,  and  SuccefTors,  Givfr  and 
Grant  unto  the  faid  Edward  Earl  of  Clarendon,  George-Duke  of 
.Albemarle y  William  Earl  of  Craven,  "John  Lord  Berkeley,  An- 
thony Lord  Afhley,  Sir  George  Carterett,  Sir  John  Colleton,  and 
Sir  William  Berkeley,  their  Heirs  and  Affigns,  full  and  free 
licence,  Liberty  and  Authority,  by  fuch  Ways  and  Means 
as  they  fhall  think  fit,  To  Give  and  Grant  unto  fuch  Perfon 
any  Perfons,  Inhabiting,  and  being  within  the  faid  Province 
or  Territory,  hereby  or  by  the  faid  recited  Letters  Patents, 
mentioned  to  be  granted  as  aforefaid,  or  any  Part  thereof, 
fuch  Indigencies  and  Difpenfations,  in  that  Behalf,  for,  and 
during  fuch  Time  and  Times,  and  with  fuch  Limitations  and 
Reftrictions,  as  they  the  faid  Edward  Earl  of  Clarendon,  George 
Duke  of  Albemarle,  William  Earl  of  Craven,  John  Lord  Berke- 
iey,  Anthony  Lord  Ajhley,  Sir  George  Carterett,  Sir  John  Colleton^ 
and  Sir  William  Berkeley,  their  Heirs,  Or  Affigns,  mall  in 
their  Difcretion  think  fit  and  reafonable.  And  that  no  Per- 
fon  or  Perfons,  unto  whom  fuch  Liberty  fhall  be  given,  mail 
be  any  way  molefted,  punifhed,  difquieted,  or  called  in  que- 
stion for  any  Differences  in  Opinion  or  Practice,  in  Matters 
of  Religious  Concernment,  who  do  not  actually  difturb  the 
civil  Peace  of  the  Province,  County  or  Colony,  that  they 
fhall  make  their  abode  in.    But  all  and  every  fuch  Perfon  and 

L 1  Perfons, 


The  Second  Charter ^  &c. 


Perfons,  may  from  Time  to  Time,  and  at  all  Times,  freely  and 
(juietly  have  and  enjoy  his^nd  their  Judgment  andConfciences, 
in  Matters  of  Religion,  throughout  all  the  laid  Province^ 
or  Colony,  they  behaving  themfelves  peaceably,  and  not 
uiing  this  Liberty  to  Licentioufnefs,  nor  to  the  Civil  Injury 
or  outward  Difturbance  of  others.  Any  Law,  Statute  or 
Claufe  contained,  or  to  be  contained,  Ufage  or  Cuftoms  of 
our  Realm  of  England  to  the  contrary  hereof  in  any  wife, 
notvvithftanding. 

And  in  Gale  it  mall  happen,  that  any  Doubts  or  Queflions 
ffyould  arife  concerning  the  True  Senfe  and  TJnderftanding 
df  any  Word,  Claufe,  or  Sentence,  contained  in  this  Our 
prefent  Charter,  We  Will,  Ordain,  and  Command,  that  at 
all  Times,  and  in  all  Things,  fuch  Interpretations  be  made 
thereof,  and  allowed  in  all  and  every  of  Our  Courts. whatfa- 
ever,  as  Lawfully  may  be  Adjudged  molt  Advantageous  and 
Favourable  to  the  faid  Edward  Earl  of  Clarendon,  George  Duke: 
of  Albemarle,  William  Earl  of  Craven,  John  Lord  Berkeley, 
Anthony  Lord  AJhlefa  Sir  George  Carterett,  Sir  John  Colleton* 
and  Sir  William  Berkeley,  their  Heirs  and  Affigns,_  although 
Exprefs  Mention,  &c. 

Witnefs  our  Self  at  Weftmmfter,  the  Thirtieth  Day  of 
June,  in  the  Seventeenth  Year  of  our  Reign. 

Per  Ifjitm  Regem, 


AN 


A  N 


55 


OF    THE 


CONSTITUTION 


O  F 


CAROLINA. 


AS  to  the  Government  of  Carolina^  the  Laws  of  Eng- 
land are  there  in  Force  ;  yet  the  Lords-Proprietors, 
by  their  Deputies,  have  Power,  with  the  Gonfent 
of  the  Inhabitants,  to  make  By-Laws  for  the  better 
Government"  of  the  faid  Province  ;  fo  that  no  Law  can  be 
made  or  Money  rais'd^  unlefs  the  Inhabitants,  or  their  Re- 
orefetitatives,  confent  thereto:  One  Law  which  they  have 
in  South-Carolina  deferves  particular  Mention,  which  is, 
their  Method  of  chafing*  Juries,  it  being  done  by  making  a 
<:onfiderable  Number  of  Pape.  Billets,  on  which  are  written 
the  Names  of  as.  many  of  the  molt  fubftantial  Freeholders. 
Thefe  Billets  are  put  into  a  Hat,  out  of  which  Twenty-four 
arechofen  by  the  next  Child  that  appears.  Then,  out  of 
thofe  Twenty-four,  Twelve  are  chofen  at  the  next  Court, 
after  the  fame  manner  »,. which  is  an  infallible  way  to  pre- 
vent all  Manner  of  Fraud. 

L  1  2  North 


An  Abftraff  of  the  Conftitutwn 


North  and  South- Carolina  Settlements  are  diftant  from 
one  another  fome  hundreds  of  Miles  ;  fo  that  Neceffity 
compels  each  Colony  to  keep  to  themfelves,  a.Governour, 
Council  and  AfFembly.  The  Governor  reprefents  the  Lord- 
Palatine ;  the  reft  of  the  Counfellors  are  the  Lord-Deputies  \ 
who,  of  themfelves,  make  a  Palatines  Court,  and  a  Court 
of  Chancery;  wherein  they  pafs  feveral  Orders  of  Council, 
much,  of  the  Nature  of  the  Prince's  Proclamation  •  which 
continues  no  longer  in  Force,  than  the  next  AfTembly.  Like- 
wife,  they  grant  feveral  forts  of  Commiflions,  Warrants 
&c.  yet  Military  Commiflions  lie  wholly  in  the  Governor's 
Power  ;  but  Making  of  War  or  Peace,  in  all,  or  the  Majority 
of  the  Lords-Deputies ;  by  whom  (the  Governor  being  one) 
it  is  determin'd,  and  by  whofe  Commiffions  all  other  Magf- 
ftrates  act.  On  thefe  Heads  they  have  fettled,  and  maintain 
an  admirable  Conftitution  of  Government,  for  the  laftine 
Peace,  Security,  and  Well-being  of  all"  the  Inhabitants! 
The  way  of  any  ones  taking  up  his  Land  in  Carolina,  due 
to  him  either  by  Purchafing  it  of  the  Lords  Proprietors 
herein  England,  who  keep  their  Board  at  Craven^Houfe  in 
Brury-Lane,  London,  the  firft  Thurfday  in  every  Month  •  or 
if  purchas'd  in  Carolina,  is  after  this  manner  :  He  firft  looks' 
out  for  a  Place  to  his  Mind,  that  is  not  already  poiTefVd  by 
any  other ;  then  applies  himfelf  to  the  Governor  and  Lords 
Proprietors  Deputies,  and  fhews  what  Right  he  hath  to 
fuch  a  Trad  of  Land,  either  by  Purchafe  of  the  Lords  in 
England,,  or  by  an  Entry  in  the  Surveyor-General's  Office 
in  order  to  purchafe  of  theGovernor  and  Lords  Deputies  there 
in  Carolina,  who  thereupon  ifftie  out  their  Warrant-Land  as 
is  due  to  him.  Who  making  Certificate,  that  he  had  mea- 
fured  out  fo  much  Land  and  the  Bounds,  a  Deed  is  prepared 
ofCourfe,  by  the  Secretary,  which  is  figu3d  by  the  Governor 
and  the  Lords  Proprietors  Deputies,  and  the  Proprietors 
Seal  afflx'd  to  it,  and  regifter'd  in  the  Secretaries  Office 
which  is  a  good  Coveyance  in  Law  of  the  Land  therein 
mention'd,.  to  the  Party  and  his  Heirs  for  ever. 

Thus  have  I  given  you  as  large  and  exact  an  Account  of 
Carolina,    as  the  Difcovery  of  fo  few  Years  (in  this  great 

and 


of  C  A  RO  LINA. 


^57 


and  extenfive  Land)  would  permit.  Which  flouriftung 
Country  will,  doubtlefs,  in  time,  increafe  the  Number  of  its 
Produ&ions,  and  afford  us  plentifully  thofe  Neceffaries 
and  rich  Commodities,  which  the  Str eights,  Turfy  and  o- 
ther  Countries  fupply  us  withal  at  prefent,  and  not  feldom 
in  their  own  Shipping  \  whereas,  were  thofe  Merchandizes 
the  Produce  of  an  Eqglifh  Plantation,  and  brought  us  home 
-by  our  own  Hands  and  Bottoms,  of  what  Advantage  fuch 
an  Improvement  would  be  to  the  Crown  of  Great- Britain, 
and  the  People  in  general,  I  leave  to  Men  of  Reafon  and 
Experience  to  judge.  I  do  intend  (if  God  permit)  by  future 
Voyages  (after  my  Arrival  in  Carolina)  to  pierce  into  the 
Body  of  the  Continent,  and  what  Difcoveries  and  Obferva- 
tions  I  ihall,  at  any  time  hereafter,  make,  will  be  commu- 
nicated to  my  Correfpondents  in  £«g/W,-.to-be-publifh'd-,  ha- 
ving;  furniflv'd  myfelf  with  Inftruments  and  other  Necefla- 
ries  for  fuch  Voyages. 

For  the  better  "Underftanding  of  this  Country,  I  have  al- 
ready drawn  a  very  large  and  exaft  Map  thereof,  as  far  as 
any  Difcoveries  have  been  yet  made,  either  by  others  or  my 
felf,  and  have  fpared  neither-  Colt  nor  Pains,  to  procure 
the  moft  correct  Maps' and  JournalsM;hereof,  that  are  extant 
in  Print,  or  in  Manufcript.  This  Map  containing  nine 
Sheets  of  Imperial  Paper,  and  now  fit  for  engraving,  be- 
gins at  Cape  Henry  in  Virginia,  37  deg.  N.  Lat.  and  contains 
all  the  Coafts  of  Carolina,  or  Florida,  with  the  Bahama  Iflands, 
great  Part  of  the  Bay  of  Mexico,  and  the  Iiland  of  Cvba,  to 
the  Southward,  and  feveral  Degrees  to  the  Weftward  of 
of  the  Mefliafippi  River,,  with  all  the  Indian  Nations  and 
Villages,  and  their  Numbers,  which  of  them  are  fubje&to 
Carolina,  and  trade  with  their  People,  what  Places  are 
convenient  Factories  and  Forts,  to  increafe  and  fecure  our 
Trade  on  the  Mejfiajippi,  and  what  Forts  and  Factories  the 
French  and  Spaniards  have  gain'd  in  thofe  Latitudes,  efpeci- 
ally  on  the  great  River  and  the  Neighbouring  Streams  j  all 
which  they  illegally  poffefs,  fince  the  very  Mouth  of  the 
River  Mefiajipji  is  in  the  King  of  England's  Grant  to  the 
Lords  Proprietors  of  Carolina?   it  falling  fomething  to  the 


5* 


An  ABSTRACT,  &c." 


Northward  of  29  Degr.  AM,  Lat.  whofe  Claim  and  Right 
I  queftionnot,  but  a  Peace  willadjuft,  and  reftore,  which  eve* 
ry  Englishman  is  bound  in  Duty  and  In^ereft,  to  wilhfor-  if 
we  confider  how  advantageoufly  they  have  feated  themfelves, 
-whereby  to  difturb  the  Peace  and  Intereft  of  all  the  Ewld 
Plantations  on  the  Continent  of  America.  ■,  J  - 


O  J  '      ' 

'.-.'■ 
'  ■   ;  . 

I     ; 
wivy 

*-  . 

■ 


FINIS. 


asate 


Lately  publifli'd,  in  the  CoUeftions  for  December,  Ja+ 
nuary,  February,  and  March, 

HE  Difcovery  and  Conqueft  of  the  Molucco  and 
Philippine  Iflands  5  containing  their  Hiflory,  An- 
cient and  Modern,  Natural  and  Political:  Their  Ue- 
fcription,  ProduB,  Religion,  Government,  Laws,  lf®- 
sua&s,  Cujioms,  Manners,  Habits,  Shape,  and  Inclina- 
tions of  the  Natives.  With  an  Account  of  many  other 
adjacent  Iflands,  and  feveral  remarkable  Voyages  through 
the  Streights  ^/Magellan,  andin other  Parts.  Written 
in  Spanifh  by  Bartholomew  Leonardo  Argenfola,  Chap- 
lain to  the  Emprefs,  and  ReStor  of  Villahermofa.  Norn- 
tranflated  into  EngliOi  3  and  illuftrated  with  a  Map  and, 
fever  al  Cuts* 


.  -  ■ . . 

.   ■...,:■    \ 

■  ■    ■ . 


